Title: RUNNING FROM THE PAST

CHAPTER 1: AS GOOD AS IT GETS


1.

Conan stared himself down in the mirror attached to his bedroom door, inspecting his appearance. He didn't like the way his light blue button-up matched his eyes and made his long lashes stand out even more than they already did. He didn't like it one bit.

1. 1.

"Fucking hell," he muttered under his breath, struggling to take off the shirt as he furiously fumbled with the buttons in frustration.

"Watch your tone, young man!" his mother, Lillian, yelled from the kitchen. The smell of pancakes wafted through his nose and made his empty stomach rumble, but he was too nervous to eat anything. "Come eat breakfast while it's hot!"

"Hold on a second!" he shouted back. He avoided looking at his shirtless self in the mirror, throwing on a grey hoodie before analyzing his appearance once again.

He groaned in exasperation. Why did everything have to look so awful on him? He couldn't stand the way the fabric hung off of his petite frame and seemed to swallow him whole. Clothes from the men's section were too big on him but he refused the embarrassment of shopping in the boy's department instead. That would be humiliating.

"Hey," his twin brother, Duncan, called from outside his door. "Open up."

Conan hesitantly took a step back and opened the door to reveal his brother who towered over him. They weren't identical twins, but the pair had matching dark brown hair and pale blue eyes. Duncan's face had sharp features whereas Conan's sported soft ones. The twin exuded an aura of dominance that Conan craved to possess.

A part of him hated Duncan for being able to have the one thing he desired most for in life without doing anything to earn it. Conan would've done anything to trade places with his brother.

"What is it?" Conan lowered his voice to a deeper tone. He always did whenever talking to the man before him.

Duncan scratched the back of his neck awkwardly and looked everywhere but Conan. "I came to check on you."

He rolled his eyes in response. "You came to check on me, or mom wanted you to?"

"Um... mom did," Duncan admitted sheepishly.

Conan scoffed under his breath, knowing better than to even think his twin would care about his well-being. Ever since Conan came out to the family, Duncan had been weird about it. He acted like a completely different person.

The kids in Texas had been cruel and did unspeakable things to the defenseless boy. It hurt inside that his own blood relative didn't stick up for him when he was bullied. Though Duncan never made any indication to show he cared.

After the bullying grew to be too much, their parents decided that moving to Massachusetts would be better for Conan. They wanted him to have a fresh start where he could be happy. It pissed Duncan off that he had to move his senior year of high school, losing all his friends and everything he had looked forward to for years.

Maybe it was a good thing for Conan, but for Duncan? It ruined everything.

Duncan narrowed his eyes. "Just hurry the hell up so we can get to school, 'kay? You're the reason we have to go at all." He stormed down the hall void of any picture frames or decorations since nobody had time to put them up yet. They had only moved into the new house a few days ago, right in time for school to start.

Duncan's temper was one of his seemingly endless faults. It was the most irritating and hard to put up with, next to his arrogance of course.

Conan grabbed his empty backpack and decided that his outfit didn't make any difference. He was going stealth at the new school. Looking like he spent no time on his looks would help him blend in with all the other boys anyway. It didn't matter. At least that's what he kept trying to reassure himself of.



"Well don't you look handsome!" Lillian gushed at the sight of her son despite being dressed baggy clothes that covered his entire frame. The long sleeves cursed him with sweater paws that he kept pushing back up, but the clothing slipped down his arm again each time.

Conan couldn't help but smile at his mother's bubbly attitude. He normally hated morning people but Lillian was an exception. She was always a beaming ray of sunshine and positivity that he aspired to follow after.

"How many pancakes? Two or three?" she asked. The pan she was cooking with sizzled under the batter as she flipped another pancake on the burner.

"I'm not really hungry." The nerves in his stomach were eating him inside-out. If he so much as took one bite, it'd end up all over someone's shoes later.

To anyone who didn't know him, he seemed fine. His face was blank. It was an expression he had practiced for years to master. He didn't want to be the same laughingstock he was at his old school. Going somewhere where nobody knew him was an opportunity to become a new person. To become the man he wanted to be without having to deal with anyone's unwanted judgement and cruelty.

Well, that was the plan at least. He couldn't bear to imagine what would happen if his secret got spilled. He made a promise to himself that meant he would do whatever it takes to make sure no one found out about his identity. Teenagers loved to gossip. If even one person knew, he'd be done for.

The only reason he wasn't nervous about Duncan knowing about it was that his parents might make them move again if the word spread. The last thing Duncan wanted was to have to restart again because of Conan's secret that he deemed to be ridiculous.

He didn't understand how Conan felt. Nobody did. Some pretended to, but they never really understood. And it made him feel even more isolated than he already was.

Lillian frowned at him. "Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. You don't want to start off your first day on an empty stomach, you need your brain power!" She placed three pancakes on a paper to-go plate which was soon forced into his hands.

"Right," he agreed and thanked her so that he could get out the door faster.

They lived too close to the school for busing to be available but still not close enough for him or Duncan to walk, which resulted in them being forced to share an uncomfortable car ride to and from school every day that neither of them were looking forward to.

Conan made a move to escape but he was stopped by his mother who had her arms crossed over her chest, giving him an expect look. They were almost eye level. He was taller than her by an inch or so but it was barely noticeable. He thrived off of that extra inch though. Being taller than anyone at all made him ecstatic.

"Hug your poor mother." She tapped her foot impatiently on the floor with a raised eyebrow.

He sighed in defeat and gave her a quick hug. On the outside he might've appeared irritated, but inside? He loved her more than anything. His parents had been so accepting which made him eternally grateful. Not a lot of people had the luxury of acceptance from their family. It wasn't perfect because of the bullying and stray ignorant relatives here and there, but he was grateful nonetheless. It was better than nothing.

"Love you." He went to pull away but Lillian held onto him tighter.

"Please stay safe today," she spoke meekly with tears in her eyes. "I know it's not exactly like you can control it but for your old mother's sake, do whatever you can."

He swallowed down the lump in his throat. "I will."

Duncan was awkwardly standing by the door in silence. He watched the two, silently jealous of the affection he never got from their mother. In retrospect, it was his own fault. Though his ego wouldn't allow him to admit it.



"Remember to smile. First impressions are everything," she encouraged after pulling away. "Make plenty of friends and be nice to your teachers so that they give you good grades."

Conan laughed in response. "I'll do my best."

He knew that there was no chance of any of that happening but he wanted to soothe Lillian's worries. She had given up her world for him to be happy, at least tried to, and he wanted to repay her in whatever ways he could.

"We're going to be late." Duncan loudly cleared his throat, fed up with their lovey moment.

"Right," Lillian huffed and wiped away her tears. She was acting like her son was off to his first day of preschool with a Thomas The Train lunch box and cartoon full of crayons. "I'll let you go."

After saying their goodbyes they finally parted. Conan followed an impatient Duncan out the door with his backpack slung over his shoulder and pancakes that he tossed into the trash once Lillian couldn't see them anymore. He felt bad but there was no way he'd be able to choke down any food with the way his stomach was trying to combust in his gut.

They wordlessly got into their shared car, Duncan in the driver's seat. He pulled out of the driveway and the pair were on their way to high school.

"Don't follow me around once we get there. I don't want anyone knowing we're related," Duncan grunted out as they neared their destination.

Conan felt a little hurt but he would never admit that. He didn't expect much else from his brother.

"The feeling is mutual," he muttered back in the deepest voice he could.

"Wait two minutes before getting out of the car after I do," Duncan said gruffly. He pulled into the parking lot and Conan's empty stomach threatened to spill out despite not having eaten anything. Duncan was still talking but Conan wasn't listening.

The school had to be big enough for at least two thousand students. It was both of their first times seeing it and imagining the experience versus living it was vastly different. Suddenly he craved for the familiarity of his hometown. Even the thought of his old bullies taunting him and beating him up every day was better than the fear sizzling through his veins right then. Anything was.

"Got it?" Duncan finished as he pulled into a spot and pulled the keys out of the ignition. Conan couldn't understand how his brother wasn't at least half as nervous as he was. He didn't bother trying to confide in him since he'd just get laughed at.

"Yeah, whatever," he mumbled under his breath.

Duncan popped his car door open and didn't spare Conan another glance, striding straight through the front doors.

Conan wished he had Duncan's confidence too. He had so many characteristics that Conan lacked. He was the sporty, emotionless jock type that was a total womanizer. Conan was a quiet kid that was immensely awkward and didn't have any social skills.

He flinched when he heard a girl shriek from a couple feet away from the car. She had long blonde hair that curled around her lower back. He admired the smile on her cheeks as she laughed at some guy who was tickling her against a car. Conan assumed they were a couple and he sighed at the sight of the tall guy who was all over her.

The boy looked like the outdoorsy type with his tan skin and muscular body that looked like it was more from regular laborious work rather than hours spent at the gym. Conan was envious of his masculine frame and how he he above the pretty girl with ease. He couldn't see the guy since his back was toward him, but his hair was dirty blonde and messy atop his head.

Conan longed to have that kind of strength. He wanted to be able to make a girl laugh the way the stranger was. He doubted any girl would ever date him. He wasn't anything a girl would want and he pitied anyone that might be stupid enough to fall in love with him. With his short frame, frail body, quietness, awkward personality, and inability to stand up for himself, there was no way he'd be as lucky as that guy.

They were from two different worlds. He seemed to be a popular jock like Duncan while Conan was some outcasted loser. Though he yearned to trade places with him, it was unrealistic.

He'd never compare to guys like that. Insecurities nipped at his skin but he shook his head in determination. This was supposed to be a fresh start. He wouldn't be some wimp who was too shy to hold his own. This was his time to at least become half the man he longed to be.

"Stop being so negative," he scolded himself. "Just go in there with your head held high and pretend to be confident. You're your own worst enemy."

He must've looked like a lunatic, sitting in an empty car and hyping himself up. But he didn't care. He couldn't care. He needed to be independent and strong. That was the only way to survive.

Though he didn't want to only survive, he wanted to live . He wanted a life and to enjoy his senior year the way any other teenager would. Neither of those things were possible but at least he could get through the days without wanting to die all the time.

live Maybe life wasn't perfect, but it was better. It was as good as it was going to get. Being transgender in high school is horrible.

———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 2: FIRST IMPRESSIONS


2.

"Stop it Owen!" Tara squealed, thrashing against Owen as he ran his fingers over her sides. She absolutely despised being tickled.

2. 2.

"That's what you get for ignoring me all week." He smirked and finally let go of the heaving girl who was now glaring at him. "Next time just tell me how you're feeling. Remember that thing we talked about called communication?"

"You were flirting with Livy right in front of me! You know how much I hate her," she complained.

"Tara," he sounded exasperated, "I just told her that her new haircut looks nice."

"Exactly!"

He blinked stupidly. "Babe, how is that flirting?"

Tara's eyes practically popped out of their sockets. "Please tell me you're kidding," she begged weakly.

He slowly shook his head in confusion. He loved his girlfriend but she confused the hell out of him sometimes.

"TarBear," he used the cringey nickname that he knew made her melt. "I only have eyes for you."

She caved at the way her boyfriend pouted at her with his cute puppy dog eyes that no one with a heart was able to resist.

"Fine. But you're walking me to first period."

Owen poked her cheek doused in thick concealer that was too dark for her natural skin tone. He knew nothing about makeup but he was pretty sure it wasn't supposed to look like that. Though he didn't dare say a word, knowing his dramatic girlfriend would ignore him for the rest of the week. She always opted for the silent treatment when she was upset. He didn't really see it as a punishment most of the time and once in a while purposely pissed her off.

But he really had missed her since he was out of state all month for football. He loved all kinds of sports and devoted his life to the outdoors. He hadn't gotten to spend much time with her since he was gone for so long though. It was worth it to feel the cool breeze on his skin, feel the burn in his legs when he ran for long, taste the victory of a touchdown, but he wished to see his dad cheering for him in the bleachers.

Owen didn't have the best relationship with his family. His parents and siblings were all rich snobs that he couldn't stand. They saw academic achievements above all else. School was never his thing so they all viewed him as an idiot.

It wasn't his fault. No matter how hard he tried he just couldn't fit numbers together or analyze stupid novels they read in class. Sports were the one thing that came naturally to him and his desire for his family to be proud of him ran through to his core.

Tara noticed him. She gave him the attention he needed and filled the empty void his parents left in him. Some of it, anyway.

He didn't know what real love felt like but he was sure Tara came close to it.

Obviously she knew none of this though. He hadn't ever opened up to anyone about his insecurities. He was Owen Wilson. Captain of the football, track, and basketball team. The hottest boy in school who all the girls wanted to be with and all the guys wanted to be. He didn't have time for insecurities. He had a reputation to uphold.

He cared what people thought of him too much. He needed everyone to like him since his family sure as hell didn't.

"I was already planning on it." His perfect smile made Tara swoon. His teeth were pearly white and made the corners of his hazel eyes crinkle. Anyone who could see was mesmerized by his looks. She was no different.



"Let's go, I want to get a seat in the back of class." She intertwined her fingers with his before pecking his lips.

"What class do you have?" he questioned as they weaved though the parked cars.

"Chem first period, what about you? Let me just see your schedule. I really hope we have some classes together. Do you th—"

A car door slammed straight into Tara's face since neither of the two were paying any attention, wrapped up in their own world full of unicorns and rainbows. She screamed and clutched her nose that instantly started gushing blood all over her new clothes.

"Oh my god, I am so sorry!"

so A boy was sitting in the passenger's seat with the car door that had just hit Tara. His pale blue eyes were wrenched wide open in fear as he spluttered in disbelief and mortification at what he had just done.

"What the fuck is wrong with you!" Tara cried as her nose throbbed painfully.

"I-I didn't mean to," he stuttered and dug through the glove compartment for a small packet of tissues to give her.

She snatched the tissues from him and desperately wiped the blood off of her face with hot tears flowing down her makeup covered face. Mascara was dripping down her cheeks and smudged, making her look like a raccoon. She glared at the boy who looked like a puppy with it's tail tucked between it's legs.

"Tara, it was an accident." Owen suddenly came to his senses and grasped her arm to get her attention.

She scoffed at him. "I'm bleeding!"

"Yes, and it was an accident," he repeated and took a tissue to help wipe her face but she shoved him away.

"Are you serious, Owen? He just broke my damn nose!"

Owen looked over her face. Her nose didn't look broken despite bleeding. Maybe just a little bruised. Then he looked at the guilty-looking boy with fear leaking off of him that he seemed to be trying his best to contain.

Owen couldn't find it in himself to be angry with the boy who came across so innocent and pure. Owen wasn't known to be a cruel person or bully even if his appearance fit the stereotype. People forgot that sometimes. He hated that even his own girlfriend thought so little of him.

If it was done on purpose then that was different and he'd protect Tara in a heartbeat, but it was an honest accident.

"TarBear, please don't be dramatic about this. Let me take you to the nurse." Owen sighed but she shoved him away again when he tried to touch her.

"You know what?" she spat, "I'll walk myself since it seems like I'm on my own here." She stormed away from the two of them.

Owen groaned, knowing he was going to be ignored for the next week again.

"I'm sorry about her, man." He frowned at the boy who gulped nervously. It confused him why he seemed to be so afraid, but that was when he noticed how tiny he was compared to Owen.

His body was frail and thin, his legs short and baggy clothes drowning himself. He had soft features that made him look a bit feminine but Owen found it cute if anything. That's when he realized the boy must've been afraid he'd beat him up like his crazy girlfriend had suggested.



"I'm not going to hit you or anything," he assured the boy which made him visibly relax. Owen didn't like the way his presence seemed to intimidate the guy so much.

"Oh. Thanks," he spoke quietly.

Owen laughed. "You don't have to thank me for not beating you up."

He gave him a shy smile, getting out of his car and standing in front of Owen. "Well I'm sorry about your girlfriend."

"Don't worry about it you didn't mean to," he brushed it off. "Girls are psychotic, I swear."

His wide grin gave Owen an odd feeling of satisfaction. He liked knowing he was the one to put it on his delicate face.

"I'm sure she isn't like that all the time."

He shrugged. "That's debatable. She can be a handful sometimes."

He opened his mouth to speak but the bell rang, signaling that everyone had five minutes to get to their class. "Shit," he groaned, "I've got to get going."

An odd, empty feeling filled Owen when he went to leave. Something inside him clawed to get his attention again. He had never seen him before and had a weird urge to talk to him.

"I'm Owen," he introduced loudly.

"Oh, I'm... Conan," his voice was quiet, a few feet of distance between them now.

"Are you new here?" He tilted his head slightly.

The boy nodded and Owen mentally noted how quiet Conan was. Usually he hated people who couldn't hold a conversation since he was so extraverted himself, but for some reason he didn't seem to mind it.

"I can walk you to your class if you want," he blurted out before Conan could try to leave again, not wanting the conversation to end.

"It's alright," he said shyly as fidgeted with his hands. "I know where it is."

The truth was that he didn't, but Owen intimidated him and he needed a break to collect his screaming thoughts. A popular, sporty guy was talking to him. He called him "man". He was actually talking to Conan and seemed interested.

"Are you sure?" his tone sounded disappointed and it baffled Conan.

"Yeah, thank you though," he said meekly and inched closer to the school that he had just been dreading going inside. Now he was desperate to run in and hide from the overly attractive man.

Owen watched Conan scurry away and felt some emotion he couldn't decipher prod at his gut. His fluffy brown hair blew in the wind and added to his innocent appearance. He was short, a lot shorter than Owen. Maybe 5'4 next to his height of 6'3. Even Tara was several inches taller.

Everything about the complete stranger made Owen feel all tingly inside. He had no idea what was going on but shrugged it off, making his way to first period. It was probably nothing.

It took Conan an extra fifteen minutes to find his class since the school was so big. He had to ask four different people for directions on the way until he finally reached chem. The teacher questioned him, asking for his name and why he was late in front of the entire class. They didn't seem to care or be too interested but to Conan it felt like an interrogation that equaled life or death. Like everyone's beady eyes were focused on him, judging him, reading right through his facade.

After she was done he sat down in an empty chair at the edge of the room. Sitting in the back would put him with the scary cool kids, but sitting in the front would make him look like a nerd. Sitting off to the corner left him alone which wasn't much better but at least it eased his nerves. At least it did until he saw that girl from the parking lot in the back.

Tara was dressed in a new outfit with all the blood wiped from her face. Her nose looked a little bit swollen but concealer was caked around the injury to hide the forming bruises. Even with that ugly personality she looked beautiful.

The sunlight poured through the window, glinting off of her straight white teeth that she was showing off in her smile. Her silky hair was tossed over her shoulder as she immersed herself in deep conversation with some other guy who was probably just as popular, though not nearly as good looking as Owen.

Owen. Conan thought back to their interaction. It was painfully awkward and embarrassing as hell. What a great way to start his first day at a new school, slamming his car door into a popular pretty girl's face. He seriously managed to discover some new way to screw up everything. Constantly.

Owen. The guy talking to Tara boldly placed his hand on her thigh with a teasing, suggestive wink. He must've said something sexual and flirty because she slapped his hand away from her, making him laugh loudly.

Conan scowled at the way he was overly touchy. He seemed like an asshole. As he reached out to cup her thigh again, Conan couldn't help but think about how much of a better boyfriend Owen must've been. Maybe Tara was a bit insane and dramatic but she still seemed like a nice girl. Even if she wasn't, no girl deserved to be objectified like that, to be treated like a piece of meat. He doubted Owen would be anything like that.

Owen was probably an amazing boyfriend.

———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 3: TRYOUTS


3.

A full week had passed by and Conan still hadn't made a single friend. He tried to but talking wasn't his thing and he always ended up fumbling over his words or getting too nervous to say anything at all. He wasn't thrilled with the new school but at least he wasn't getting bullied every day anymore.

3. 3.

His wish of being invisible was granted but it didn't feel as good as he thought it would.

Now all he wanted was to go home. It was the day for football tryouts and Duncan wanted to join the team. Since they shared a car Conan was stuck waiting for him on the bleachers. The air was chilly and managed to seep through his hoodie. He really wanted to leave.

"Keep up, Hill!"

Conan's head shot up when his last name was called but he realized it was directed at his brother who was struggling to keep up with the other boys. Conan didn't know much about sports but he did know that their old school's team was shit. Duncan was strong but hotheaded with a messy form. His ego was too big since everyone else sucked and he looked good despite just being mediocre. Now, being last place in front of all the other boys, he was embarrassed and angry.

"I'm just warming up," he grumbled back to the team captain, Owen. From where Conan was sitting he couldn't see who it was but he wasn't paying much attention anyway. He was scrolling through his phone in boredom, begging time to pass by faster.

Everyone was doing laps around the field. They were only ten minutes into the session but the field was much bigger than the one in Texas. At least three times bigger. Duncan was nothing compared to the other guys jogging with ease. His pride couldn't handle it and he ignored the ache in his legs as he ran faster.

"I'd cool it with the attitude, Hill. Unless you don't want a spot on the team."

Duncan clenched his fists in anger at Owen's words. Owen was bigger than the rest of the guys and hadn't even began sweating yet. Duncan was confident, but Owen was more confident in his abilities. People either looked up to him because of his talent or hated him because of their jealousy. Either of the two made him feel good enough about himself.

Duncan held back his sharp tongue and kept running. He hated the captain but he had to make the team. He'd shut up for the next forty five minutes if that's what it took. Hopefully.

"Stevenson, fix your form! Mitchell, I've ran faster in my sleep!" Owen barked out orders and critical words at the boys. Some people thought he looked like an ass but being tough on them is what made them a good team. They needed his criticism in order to succeed.

Conan checked the time, only fifteen minutes were left. They were all about to scrimmage and separated into two different teams with yellow over shirts signifying the separation.

He sighed, looking up when his phone died and being forced to watch the boring game for the remaining time. He didn't understand the point in throwing around a ball and tackling other people for it. They looked like wild animals and he wanted no part in it.

"Hill, what the hell are you doing!" Owen shouted at Duncan who was exhausted after running so much. The ball flew right past him and he barely moved an inch toward it.

"I'm tired." He gritted his teeth and resisting punching Owen like his body was begging him to.

"Tired?" Owen laughed bitterly. "You think the opponents care if you're tired?"

tired?" Duncan felt shame creep up his spine but his masculinity wouldn't let him retreat. "I'll try harder."

Owen shook his head, "I've seen enough. We've got two more rounds of tryouts before coach and I make our decisions. Come back tomorrow."



"I'm fine," Duncan persisted even though Owen had went to walk away, "just let me play, man."

"Come back tomorrow," he repeated, starting to get annoyed. Owen didn't have a bitchy personality like his team captain attitude gave off. Everyone knew he was usually an easygoing guy that resembled a puppy, but right then was Captain Wilson, not Owen.

"I'm not leaving." Duncan crossed his arms stubbornly.

"Fine. You're not making the team this year." Owen walked away but Duncan panicked, following after him.

"It's my senior year, you can't not recruit me! I'm literally fine just let me play. Come on dude!"

He was ignored which only fueled Duncan on. Owen's patience was wearing thin but he didn't seem to notice.

"Fuck you bro," he snarled. "I'm the best player here. You're the one making a mistake."

"Get out of here before I whoop your ass across the damn field." Owen whipped around so fast that Duncan stumbled back. "You're slow, you're out of shape, your ego is too big for your head and I don't want to put up with an entitled piece of shit all year."

Duncan was fuming by this point, hands curled up into fists at his sides. He went to punch Owen like he had wanted to but Owen caught his wrist midair, grabbing it to flip him around and kick him onto the ground. The breath was knocked out of his lungs at the impact, feeling lightheaded.

"Wilson-" the coach went to intercept for the first time, afraid that he might beat the shit out of the bigheaded newbie, but Owen just laughed. Which made Duncan even more mad though he didn't seem to care.

The rest of the guys trying out were staring with wide eyes, along with Conan. He was watching how effortlessly he knocked his brother onto the grass, silently thanking him for doing what he'd wanted to do himself for years. Though he wasn't looking forward to having to put up with Duncan bitching about it for the next month.

"Get off my field within the next ten seconds," Owen ordered, satisfied with the way Duncan scrambled off of the dirt immediately.

Even he knew he was no match for the coach. But this wasn't over, no, Duncan was going to make Owen pay. Now he just had to leave before he did something he'd regret and get his ass handed to him in front of the whole team.

"Back to the game!" Owen shouted and everyone instantly fell back into play.

Conan stood up and slung his backpack over his shoulder. He stepped down the bleachers to follow his brother to their car but Owen's eyes met with his across the large field.

He was smiling at Conan and gave him a wave. Conan looked behind him to make sure he wasn't waving to someone else but no one else was near him. The captain was waving at him.

him. Conan shyly waves back with blushing cheeks, feeling embarrassed when Owen laughed. He couldn't hear him from the distance between them but he could make out his amused grin.

He freaked out inside when Owen made a move to walk toward him. He paused when he saw a car zoom through the parking lot, way too fast for a school zone. It was moving in the direction of Duncan who was fuming and oblivious to his surroundings.

Without hesitating, Conan threw his belongings down onto the grass and bolted across the field to his brother. He caught the attention of everyone on the field who paused their play. Normally Owen would've yelled at them, but he was distracted by the small boy sprinting across the huge field in mere seconds. He was shocked by how fast his short legs were moving. He was going even faster than he could himself.

"Duncan!" Conan shouted but he couldn't hear him. The car was seconds away from hitting him and Conan just ran faster. His muscles ached in protest but the fear made him numb to the pain.



He had gotten lots of practice running after all the times he was chased by bullies. He hated sports and was out of practice but adrenaline rushed through his veins, making him zoom through the grass.

Dozens of eyes watched him with their lips parted in shock. Nobody would've guessed someone of his size could move so fast.

The wind rushed through his now messy hair, making it stick up in all sorts of directions as he sprinted to the road.

He leapt in front of the car just as Duncan was in front of it, tackling him and making them both crash into the ground. The force made them both groan in pain but the car just obliviously swerved right past them.

Just a second later and he would've gotten hit.

Conan's breathing was heavy as he rolled off of his brother, laying on the concrete as he hacked up a lung. His entire body was buzzing.

The sound of clapping brought him back. He sat up in confusion, blushing heavily when he realized all of the players had been watching him.

His face reddened even more when Owen jogged over to him, holding out a hand to pull him up.

"That was impressive as hell," he marveled, not letting go of Conan even after he was steadily on his feet.

"I, um, I just," he panted, not noticing just how fast he went. All he was focusing on was making sure his brother didn't get squished by a huge van.

"I want you on the team."

"What?!" Duncan spluttered, jumping up. He hadn't known how quickly Conan had ran either. He was only focusing on the fact that Conan made the team and he didn't. Conan.

Conan. It was almost funny how jealous the twins were of each other, just in different ways. Conan was envious of Duncan's masculinity and Duncan craved the attention from their mother that seemed reserved only for Conan.

Now, on top of that, he just snatched away his spot on the team. He wasn't even trying out.

"Huh?" Conan choked, equally as shocked.

"I said I want you on the team," he said with a firm nod.

Conan broke contact but before he could respond, Duncan was looming over him with a sinister glare. "You really think he can be on the team? Look how fucking tiny she is!"

All the blood drained from Conan's face at Duncan's slip up. He just called him 'she'. In front of everyone.

They'd all laugh, he was going to get beaten up and kicked and punched again. His family would have to move again. His breathing was unsteady again but this time it was because of an impending panic attack creeping up his throat.

He almost started crying but not a signal person noticed the error, or at least if they did no one made a comment.

"He still managed to do better in seconds than you have all damn night," Owen sneered.

For some reason Owen felt protective of Conan. He didn't register it at the time but it showed through the anger he felt. How he didn't hesitate to stick up for him. How much he wanted to knock Duncan's teeth out of his mouth.

"You better watch your fucking mouth!" Duncan growled with his self esteem plummeting into the ground. How could his tiny brother make the team and not him? Conan didn't even naturally produce testosterone, he had to take injections while Duncan's own body was full of the hormone.

"Me?" Owen snickered. "Good luck with that."

Duncan bounded forward but Conan grabbed his shoulder. "Let's just go," he spoke in a hushed voice and Owen's gaze softened at the sound.

"But-"

"I mean it. Let's go."

Oddly enough Duncan listened to him and stormed into their car with a huff. Owen grabbed Conan's wrist before he could follow him.

"Is that your brother?" he asked.

"Unfortunately."

Owen gave him a lopsided grin that made Conan's knees tremble. "I'm so sorry."

He laughed but was cut off when he realized how tightly Owen was holding his wrist. Owen quickly yanked his hand away, color filling his cheeks as he searched for words.

He wasn't used to feeling the way he was in that moment. It made him confused and his throat went dry. He barely even knew Conan.

"I'm sorry he ruined your practice." Conan frowned, shyly averting his eyes from everyone who was still staring at them. Owen seemed to notice and yelled at them to keep playing again.

"He made it interesting." Owen shrugged and Conan admired how positive he was. "Plus, if he didn't throw a hissy fit then I would've recruited the wrong Hill."

"I can't join the team," Conan deadpanned, bewildered that he would ever consider it. "I'm like an entire foot shorter than everybody else."

"Okay. Then you'll join the track team with me."

Conan gulped, feeling increasingly nervous. He pinned it on feeling intimidated by such a big guy compared to himself.

"Sports aren't really my thing," he admitted despite it being pretty apparent to anyone with eyes. There was barely any muscle on his body. Testosterone injections had helped a little but you couldn't change genetics.

"You just ran across the field in seconds." Owen bent down slightly to force their gazes together. "I've never seen anyone run that fast before. Not even me."

Pride rose up in Conan's chest. He hoped Owen was being truthful because the thought made him feel happier than he had in a long time. Imagining being faster than the giant before him was exhilarating, though he doubted it was possible.

"Please? Just think about it." Owen pouted at him. "It'll be fun. It's a good opportunity to make some new friends too."

"You sound like my mom," Conan giggled and Owen smiled weirdly widely for him.

"She sounds like a very intelligent woman. You should listen."

Conan bit his lip and debated Owen's offer. Maybe this was the universe giving him a chance to have a good senior year.

He could never seem to rid himself of the negativity in the back of his mind that wouldn't shut up about all the things that could go wrong. Like everyone finding out, moving again, getting bullied again. But just talking to Owen made him look on the bright side of things this time. Making friends, having fun, joining a sport.

He couldn't deny that the idea of being on a sports team made him feel incredibly good about himself. It made him feel like a real boy. Moments like that were rare for him.

"Okay," Conan slowly agreed, "I'll think about it."

"Yay!" Owen cheered and ruffled his hair teasingly. "I promise you'll enjoy it."

Conan rolled his eyes with a chuckle. "I'm sure."

They were interrupted when Conan and Duncan's shared car sped out of the parking lot, his brother getting fed up with how long he was taking. And the fact that he was talking to Owen of all people. His new enemy.

The two of them blinked at the car that was now long gone.

"Need a ride home?"





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 4: CAR RIDE HOME


4.

Conan's hands began to sweat at Owen's offer. He wasn't too fond of the idea because he hated inconveniencing people but it didn't seem like he really had any other option.

4. 4.

"What about practice?" he asked, playing with the ends of his sleeves nervously.

"It's just about over now anyway." Owen nudged him to follow him back onto the field. "If you wait five minutes for me to wrap up and change then I can drive you right home after."

Before Conan could respond he had already ran back over to the other guys. He watched the way the sun glinted off of his flawlessly tanned skin, his muscles shifting as he moved. His blatant staring went unnoticed as the session wrapped up and all the players ran into the locker room to change before going home.

The crowd eventually dispersed as Conan retrieved his belongings from where he had flung them onto the grass. He wiped some dirt off of his new backpack with a grimace.

"Hey, you ready?" Owen's loud voice startled Conan who resisted the urge to flinch. He was doing his best to seem chill, to come across indifferent like every other guy would.

"Yeah," he deepened his voice and squared out his shoulders a little. Not that it did much.

"Okay cool." Owen grinned at him and nodded toward the parking lot. "How's the school been treating you?"

The two walked side by side, Conan feeling nervous while Owen babbled on about anything that popped into his mind. He was a bit of a talker.

"I remember my first day," he reminisced, "I wet myself and had to go home to change."

"Excuse me?" Conan laughed, surprised by his bluntness. The boy had no shame.

"What? I was six!" he defended.

"No judgement there. I hate school too," Conan agreed. "Maybe not enough to pee my pants though."

"I'd pee my pants every day if it meant I didn't have to go to this shit hole." Owen sighed and squinted at the big building as if it could respond back to defend it's honor.

"Why do you hate it?" Conan knew why he himself didn't like school, but he figured someone like Owen would love it.

In all honesty, Owen hated school because it made him feel stupid. The only good part about it was that he got to play sports after class. If he didn't have football then he wouldn't have been able to get through the years.

"Homework," he lied- well it was partly a lie- and scrunched his nose up in distaste. "You?"

"Same," Conan mumbled back, expecting a more complex response, something he could relate to. But then again, he was talking to a jock.

The gravel crunches under their shoes as they reached Owen's car. He was a little anxious about Conan seeing his car and thinking he was some stuck up snobby rich kid.

He had a shiny black Tesla that was absolutely spotless. He was grateful for the vehicle and took pride in it but in situations like these he got slightly insecure. He liked Conan and didn't want him to see him the way Owen saw his own family.

Though Conan didn't make a single comment, sliding into the passenger's seat when Owen unlocked the door before plugging in his charger.

"My house is down this road for about two miles before taking a left." Conan pointed at the street behind them while buckling up. "I appreciate you doing this for me, by the way."

Another of Owen's signature lopsided smiles showed upon his face, his heart warming when Conan didn't mention his expensive car. Everyone always made some kind of snide remark or started to treat him entirely different, like they were beneath him just because of his parent's wealth. But not Conan.

always

"That's what friends are for." Owen steered out of the lot and turned the radio on to play quietly in the background of their conversation in case it got quiet.

"So we're friends now?" Conan replied shyly, twiddling his thumbs together nervously.

"Yup." He glanced at Conan through the corner of his eye with a teasing grin. "What? You don't want to be my friend?"

Owen was just kidding around but Conan really did consider his words and wondered if it would be possible to make a friend. Especially with a guy like Owen. Owen made him tense but he'd have to get over being around testosterone driven guys eventually. Maybe Owen could be a test run? That's what he told himself.

"I do," his voice came out higher than intended so he cleared his throat. "I just haven't really had any friends in a while."

Way to overshare, idiot.

Way to overshare, idiot. Owen's bubbly personality died down a little at his sad statement. "Why not?"

Conan was hesitant to answer his question. There was no chance of him coming out to Owen, so what was he supposed to say?

Owen noticed the smaller boy's discomfort and spoke up again. "You seem pretty great to me," he shrugged. "They're the ones who missed out."

"I guess that's one way to look at it." Conan snickered bitterly to himself.

"I think you mispronounced the right way," he shot back, bobbing his head back and forth to the beat of the song playing. "Though, as your friend, I might be a bit biased on that."

right "Definitely." Conan chuckled under his breath, tilting his head to trail his eyes over the curve of Owen's sharp jawline and the slight stubble starting to grow back over it.

"Tryouts for track are Monday after school in the gym." Owen signaled his left blinker before turning left. "Don't worry about doing super well during practice, I'll write your name down on the team list."

"You're captain of the track team too?" Conan questioned, curious if that was even allowed.

"Yeah," Owen declared proudly, loving talking about his team status. "Coach says I'm a good leader so it doesn't matter if I'm both. Track is a lot easier to lead anyway, the football team is full of dumbasses, so it's a million times harder."

"Like Duncan?" Conan giggled and Owen's chest felt feathery.

"Just like Duncan." He nodded with a laugh of his own.

Their laughter died down when they got closer to their destination. Conan's heart hammered in his chest when he saw his parents screaming at Duncan through the kitchen window. His face was red, furious as their dad shouted at him, equally as angry.

Conan slowly took his phone out of his pocket to see the thirty missed calls and eighty unread messages, mostly from a panicking Lillian who automatically assumed Conan was dead in a ditch somewhere.

"Oh shit," Conan groaned and watched his brother throw a temper tantrum through the window. "I should go inside."

Owen's cheeky smile deflated and the thought of Conan leaving replaced it with a frown instead. "I'll see you Monday then I guess."

"Thanks again for the ride." Conan opened the door, gathering his stuff together before hopping out of the car.

"That's what friends are for, remember?" Owen teased, waving at Conan as he shut the side closed.

"Yeah," he nodded with slightly flushed cheeks, "friends."

Owen watched the boy clamber into his home, awkwardly waving one last time before disappearing inside. His eyes trailed over the empty seat for a moment before putting the car in reverse with a tired sigh. He was still slightly sweaty from football practice with his hair messily tousled over his damp forehead.



The second Conan creaked the door open, Lillian was there. She knocked the wind out of him when she tackled him in her embrace.

"Where have you been?!" she cried, clutching onto his shoulders and weeping into his neck. "We were so worried about you!"

Their dad, Jon, watched from the corner with his brows furrowed in agitation and arms crossed. He shook his head disapprovingly at Duncan who's ears were practically steaming.

"I was at the school." Conan patted Lillian's back guiltily even though it wasn't his fault. "Someone gave me a ride home."

"Was that Wilson's car?" Duncan glared, ignoring their parents yelling at him.

Conan swallowed thickly and pulled away from Lillian. Her face was red and wet with tears. She might've looked dramatic, but to her the situation was much more serious than either of his sons were acting. It gave her trauma from the last time Conan was missing and not responding to any texts. That day was a nightmare for everyone involved.

"Go to your room!" Jon roared at Duncan who flinched from his voice booming across the room. He had left work early after Lillian called him crying something about Conan being missing.

"You haven't even listened to what I have to say!" Duncan screamed back, glaring back at Jon with his chest heaving.

They looked like mirror images of each other. Jon was only slightly taller and bulky with greying hair. Other than that, they had the same look of rage with clenched fists and mouths ready to spew hatred.

"Give me your damn phone!" Jon snatched his phone out of Duncan's pocket before he could push him away.

"That's not fucking fair!" he shouted, pure fury sprouting through his body.

He had had enough. First Conan ruins his senior year, then Conan stole his spot on the football team, now this. Everyone had a breaking point and Duncan was reaching his.

"You're grounded, two weeks." Jon pointed at the stairs. "Go to your room. Now!"

Now!" "Fuck you," Duncan spat, storming past Jon who was ready to punch his son in the throat. Lillian grabbed his bicep with a knowing look, silently begging him to let her handle the situation.

"Let's all just sit down so you can explain what happened," she requested calmly but Duncan was already shoving his feet into his shoes that were by the front door.

"Duncan, your mother said sit down." Jon gritted his teeth, fed up with his disobedience. This isn't how he raised his children. He used to have a happy, respectful son who wouldn't dare act the way he had been recently.

"I'll be back later," he said plainly and opened the door, stepping outside.

"Duncan, this isn't fair," Lillian pleaded and gripped his shoulder to stop him, but he was fed up too.

"Fair?" He snickered. "You want to know what's not fair, mom? How about ruining my senior year? How about making me leave my girlfriend and all my friends? How about favoring Conan over me? Is that fucking fair?!"

His voice broke at the end and his eyes started to water. He didn't want to cry or seem vulnerable but he couldn't contain the emotions he had built up inside for so long.

"I-"

"No, you don't get to talk!" he screamed at Conan who tried to interrupt. "I don't give a fuck what you have to say! You ruined everything for me!"

Conan wasn't so strong. Tears freely poured down his face as guilt poured through him. Guilt and fear.

"You're just some worthless fucking tranny!"

"Duncan!" Lillian shrieked in horror at his venomous insult.

The slur usually didn't bother Conan. He had been called worse, much more things in his lifetime. So on regular occasions he wouldn't care. But this was different. This was his brother.

"Go fuck yourself," Conan whispered, bottom lip trembling as streams spilled down his wet cheeks.

Jon was yelling at Duncan so loudly that some nosy neighbors came out to eavesdrop. Conan didn't bother listening. He just wanted to sleep and forget everything that had happened. He was in a good mood for the first time in forever because of Owen. All of it was ruined in seconds. Nothing could ever just go right for him.

Their car screeched out of their driveway as Duncan left. Jon was ready to hand him his own ass but Lillian was weeping as well, pulling on his arm so he wouldn't hurt their son.

Conan collapsed onto his bed, sobbing and curling into himself. His head began to ache and his eyes stung from the endless tears he couldn't stop.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 5: BOYS LOCKER ROOM


5.

The weekend passed by quickly and there was still no sign of Duncan. Lillian spent the days crying hysterically. She felt guilty about everything that happened, she had no idea how Duncan felt. She hadn't considered how much the move could've upset him. Conan was her main focus because of how much he was struggling. She felt like the worst mother in the entire world for neglecting him.

5. 5.

When Jon wasn't busy working at his new office job, he was comforting his wife. He was angry at Duncan for blowing up. If he had just been upfront about what he was thinking then things could've gone much smoother.

Conan cried himself to sleep the night of their fight but that was the end of it. He only let himself cry in small amounts because if he let go again, he'd never get back up. So he scrolled through his phone and stalked Owen's instagram to pass time instead.

But now he was sitting in his economics class, trying not to panic again. It was seventh period and after was tryouts for track. Owen told him he didn't have to worry about his performance since he was the captain and already accepted him onto the list, but that didn't deter the nerves prodding at his skin.

"I want you all to read chapter four tonight and complete the worksheet I'm going to pass around," the teacher said as she walked down the row of desks to hand every student a piece of paper.

Conan's leg bounced up and down anxiously, staring at the clock and trying to remain neutral. It would be so embarrassing to show up looking like a scared little kid. They were just running around. There wasn't much that could go wrong.

He put the paper inside his folder and shoving it into his backpack right as the dismissal bell rang. All the students flooded out of the room at the sound, a few cheering on their way out. Conan was the opposite as he trudged out of the room, messing with the straps of his backpack while he walked toward the gym.

It was a bit of a walk since the school was ginormous so when he got there it was already full of kids. If Owen hadn't already assured him a spot on the team then he would've left already.

The gymnasium was huge and smelled like sweat. The ceiling was so high he had to crane his neck all the way up just to see the top. Lights were shining down brightly and made him wince.

He looked around at everyone stretching while chatting with their friends. Everyone was laughing and looked so confident.

Conan turned to leave but bumped into Owen who had a smile as bright as the lights on his handsome face.

"You made it!" he exclaimed, giving one of those cool bro handshakes to Conan who had no idea what he was doing. "I was worried you wouldn't show."

"I debated it but figured you'd come find me so it was useless," Conan half-joked.

Owen chuckled and slung an arm around the shorter boy's shoulder, leading him. "Smart thinking. Practice starts in a few minutes and I need to change clothes. Did you bring some with you?"

Conan realized Owen was bringing him to the locker room. The boy's locker room. He had never been in one before and the cogs in his brain were turning. The thought of going in made him scared, but he had Owen with him. No one would hurt him if he was there.

boy's There was also the fact that he was an idiot and didn't bring different clothes so he didn't have to worry about changing in front of Owen anyway.

"I was just going to keep this on," he answered meekly and Owen furrowed his brows, inspecting his clothes. He was wearing jeans and a hoodie.

"You can't run in jeans." He laughed and held the locker room door open for him. "I've got some stuff you can change into. Give me a sec."

Conan paddled awkwardly inside and looked around. It smelled equally as gross but wasn't anything special. He stood in the center, swaying back and forth uncomfortably as Owen dug through his locker.



"These will be kinda big on you but there's a string you can tie." He tossed a balled up pair of shorts to Conan who, thankfully, caught it. "This is big too but it's better than sweating in that hoodie." He flung him a shirt next.

"Thanks," Conan mumbled, heart racing when Owen tore his shirt off.

His back was facing Conan but the muscles in it were still prominent, revealing the expanse of his muscular biceps as well.

He looked like a model Conan would see on magazines and be jealous of. Though he wasn't feeling jealous right then, he felt like he was about to pass out, yet somehow in a good way.

"We're going to start off with some stretching and then a lap around the gym," Owen babbled, pulling his joggers down so that he was left in tight boxers. Conan felt woozy and tore his eyes away with a red face. He was being a total creep.

He wasn't sure what the protocol was for situations like these. He was scared to do something that would weird Owen out. Turning his back, he switched into Owen's shorts.

"Then we'll do a couple races and that's about it. It's pretty easy so you shouldn't worry." He talked mindlessly as Conan's body went haywire.

"Y-yeah," his voice cracked and he cringed at the sound. He tried to ignore it, tying the string as tight as he could pull it. Owen was right. His clothing was gigantic on him.

Now he was supposed to change into his shirt. He had top surgery so it wasn't awful wearing tighter clothing, he just preferred baggier things that could hide his feminine features like the slight curve of his hips and slim arms. But the scars were still visible and Owen was a dumb jock who wouldn't think twice about asking him if he had gotten attacked by a shark or something.

He played with the hem of his hoodie as he mentally debated what he should do. Owen was still facing his locker, but what if he turned around?

"I'll see you out there man." He lightly tapped Conan's shoulder as he strode out of the locker room.

"Thank fuck," Conan muttered to himself, quickly changing into the shirt.

He had no idea how he was going to survive every practice like then. He'd just have to change in the private bathroom or wear it under his hoodie before meetings.

He was regretting his decision to join the team. He really didn't want this anymore but Owen looked so happy when he showed up. Owen had a bubbly personality and Conan knew he probably didn't really care, that the boy was just being nice, but a deeper part of him hoped it was something more.

Conan considered himself a straight male because he didn't want to be submissive. He didn't want to be 'the girl' in a relationship. Though when he thought about it with Owen, it didn't bother him as much.

He blushed at the thought. "What the hell am I thinking?" he grumbled to himself, leaving the locker room while shaking his head. He was crazy. Absolutely insane.

Owen was a popular jock. A popular straight jock with a beautiful girlfriend. Even if Conan happened to be interested in another boy it wouldn't matter. He brushed off the thought.

straight "Line up!" He saw Owen and the coach guiding students in sections as they all stretched so he quickly jogged over, nervously standing beside a girl who was bending over touching her toes.

"Hey," she chirped and Conan glanced at her, surprised she was talking to him.

"Uh, hi." He rubbed his elbow. Why did he have to be so damn awkward?

"I'm Cailey," she introduced. She had her shoulder length blue hair pulled back into a small bun. The color contrasted with her dark skin and dark brown eyes prettily.



She was really short which immediately made Conan like her. He loved when he was taller than people.

"I'm Conan," he replied and started to do the same stretches as everyone else.

"Are you a freshman?" Cailey asked him as she stood up straight.

"I'm actually a senior." He blushed. He had a baby face because of his soft features and it made him look a lot younger than he really was.

"Oh, my bad." She laughed while tightening her ponytail. "Me too. Are you new to the team then? I've never seen you before."

Conan nodded. "Yeah. It's my first year here."

"Do you like it so far? The girls here are really cute." Cailey gushed, "I guess the guys are too, if you swing that way. None of them are my taste though."

His ears perked up. He had never met anyone else who was LGBT in person before.

"Are you a lesbian?" he asked before realizing it was probably rude. He didn't know proper protocol for this kind of stuff either. Texas was full of homophobic, racist southerners. This was his first time talking to someone else like him.

"Yeah." She yawned as Conan was baffled how casual she was about it. "Are you gay?"

"No," he paused, thinking about Owen. "I think I'm, um, bisexual." He said the last word in a whisper, not used to being able to talk about sexuality freely.

"You don't have to whisper. Nobody cares here," she giggled, finding Conan's reaction endearing.

"Oh." He swallowed. He still wasn't comfortable enough to talk about anything like that publicly. Cailey was an exception.

"Alright! Let's run some laps!" the coach yelled.

Owen was the first person to start running as he led the direction of the crowd. His golden hair was pushed away from his forehead as he jogged around the basketball court. He was abnormally fast even just warming up.

"Damn," Cailey whistled, looking at Owen. "That's the one and only boy I would go hetero for."

Conan almost agreed with her but zipped his mouth shut. There was no way he could start crushing on the first person to be nice to him. No way. He wouldn't allow it.

"Don't tell my girlfriend that though," she snickered and jogged after everyone else. Conan followed her.

"You have a girlfriend?" he questioned with wide eyes.

"Yeah, her name's Sophie." Cailey smiled to herself. "I swear I'm going to marry that woman one day."

The happy look on Cailey's face traveled to Conan's. He liked the idea of being able to be with whoever you wanted to be with. His old school was the opposite. If you didn't blend in and follow all of the societal norms then you were an outcast. This place was different.

"You should come to GSA with me." She panted was she started to feel a little out of breath after their third lap.

"GSA? What's that?" Conan was still full of energy even on his fourth.

"It's the Gay Straight Alliance Club. You can meet other homos there."

"You have a club for that here?" His school in Texas would die before that ever happened there.

"Yup. There's a meeting on Thursday." She wiped the sweat off of her forehead. "Do you want to come with me?"

He pondered her offer. That would go against his number one rule of blending in but someone had just asked to hang out with him. He couldn't remember the last time he was invited somewhere.

"I'll see if I can," he settled for. That way he could pretend to be busy if he decided it was a bad idea.

"Cool."

Everyone ran a final lap before gathering together in the middle. The coach was talking but Conan was focused on Owen and the way he lifted his shirt up to wipe his face, revealing a sliver of his chiseled abs.

Okay, maybe he wasn't so straight after all.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 6: FINALLY FREE


6.

Water ran down Owen's body as he stood under the shower in the locker room. Other boys around him were changing and getting their things together since practice had just ended. The cold water felt euphoric against his heated skin from running so much. He had been a bit off a show off during the races- he couldn't help himself.

6. 6.

After he was done he turned the level and grabbed his towel to dry off before changing into his original clothes. He scanned the room to find Conan. He was planning on asking him to hang back so he could 'give him some pointers' for meets. In actuality, he just wanted to spend time with the boy.

Owen enjoyed Conan's company. Most high schoolers were fake or just assholes but Conan was different to him. He couldn't quite place his finger on what it was about him, but he liked being around him more than he should've, especially when they barely knew each other.

But he didn't see Conan anywhere in the room. He was sure he would've come back to change and return his clothes. Maybe he wanted to wash them first? Owen didn't mind, but Conan seemed like the courteous type who would do something like that. He found it kind of sweet actually.

"Gavin, have you seen Hill?" Owen grabbed the elbow of his best friend, Gavin, as he walked by.

The two had been close since they were toddlers and used to be around each other constantly. Until Owen started dating Tara. Their relationship had created a gap between their friendship and Gavin hated her for it but never mentioned it to Owen who was oblivious.

"Who?" Gavin pulled his shirt over his head and used it to wipe the sweat off of his face.

"Conan Hill," Owen corrected. "The short brunette. You seen him?"

"I have no idea who that is." He shook his head, running a hand through his damp hair. "By the way, are you going to Sophie's party this weekend?"

"I didn't know she was throwing a party." He rubbed his towel over his head to dry his wet locks that were dripping down his forehead.

"You should come." Gavin shrugged casually as he pulled on a new shirt that was in his locker. "We haven't hung out in a while."

"I'll have to see what Tar's plans are first. She's always scared I'll cheat on her with any chick I make eye contact with," he snickered.

"Yeah, whatever man." Gavin slammed his locker shut. "Tara's a manipulative bitch that's changed your entire personality. We never even see each other anymore because she's fucking psychotic and doesn't let you do anything! Just fucking forget it," he snapped and stormed out of the room, leaving Owen stunned and confused from his friend's abrupt behavior.

"Uhh, good talk I guess," he muttered to himself.

He gathered his belongings and slung his backpack over his shoulder. The thing was practically weightless with only one (empty) notebook and broken pencil inside.

He left the gym and looked around the parking lot in hopes of being able to catch Conan before he went home. A wide smile grew on his face when he found him standing next to a tree, but his face hardened when he noticed the girl he was talking to.

"Oh wait, that's that lesbian chick," he mumbled and the grin was back in an instant.

No girl with blue hair was straight.

"Conan!" Owen called as he jogged across the street, almost getting hit by a car that beeped at him angrily. He just flipped the driver off and kept going until he was next to Conan.

"Hey," Conan greeted nervously and twiddled his thumbs together.

"I was going to ask if you wanted to stay a little longer?" Owen asked with his happy expression that everyone was so used to. "I can give you a few pointers. And I could give you a tour of the school if you wanted. There a few spots everyone goes to skip classes that the teachers don't know about, if you want to see it."



Conan was still trying to get used to the fact that Owen actually wanted to talk to him. His peppy attitude was almost overwhelming though he couldn't help finding it endearing.

If it were anyone else he'd immediately hate them.

"I would but my mom's about to pick me up," he replied lamely, blushing at how nerdy he sounded. Though it was the truth.

"Oh." Owen's smile disappeared until he acknowledged Cailey standing next to Conan, watching their interaction and silently coming up with ship names for them. "Hey, you're Sophie's girlfriend right?"

"Yeah I am." She beamed, "I'm Cailey."

"Isn't she having a party this weekend?" His eyes lit up. "Do you want to come to that? I'll be there," he said despite what he had just told his best friend.

He was bewildered by his eagerness to be around Conan. There was just something about him.

"I'm not really the party type," Conan spoke shyly as he averted his eyes from Owen to stare at the ground instead.

"But I'll be there," Owen pouted, "Come on, it'll be fun!"

"We'll be there," Cailey answered for him, making Conan's heart convulse in his chest.

He did not consent to that.

not "Great!" Owen chirped and Conan didn't have the heart to protest, seeing how happy Owen looked. He couldn't ruin his smile when it looked so good on him.

"Yeah, great." He tried to keep the sarcasm out of his voice, copying the enthusiasm in Owen's tone.

"I swear you'll have fun." He tilted his head as he spoke, looking at Conan with his eyes that made him look like a puppy. It was fitting with his personality.

Their gazes locked for a moment too long to be considered platonic despite neither of them noticing. Owen was thinking about how pretty Conan's blue eyes were while the latter was admiring Owen's messy hair that gave him a rugged, sexy look.

Cailey was silently screaming in her brain about how cute the two would be together as she sensed their feelings for one another before either of them did for themselves.

Conan jumped ten feet in the air when a car honked. It was Lillian, waving at him from the driver's seat. Seeing him talking to two people filled her heart with happiness. He was finally making friends.

"I've gotta go," he said awkwardly and gave Owen a sheepish smile. "I'll give you back your clothes tomorrow."

"Nah, you can keep them," Owen told him without thinking twice. He liked seeing his clothes on Conan's smaller form, though he doubted he'd ever actually wear them to school again.

He could hope.

"Okay," he whispered with a blush. "See you guys later."

Owen's wide smile never left his lips as he watched the boy walk to his car, laughing at his mother's giddy expression and the way Conan blushed, teasing him.

"So," Cailey said casually, "how long have you guys been friends?"

He scratched the back of his head in thought. "The first day I guess. He gave my girlfriend a bloody nose." He snickered. "It was one hell of an introduction."

Though he didn't particularly care for the conversation since his real interest had left, he could talk to anyone. Owen was a natural and wooing people was his strong suit. Being so charismatic and charming was what made him so popular in the first place. And his looks. That was a pretty big bonus as well.



"Girlfriend?" She dug for information that she was totally going to spill to Conan later.

"Tara McKenna. You know her?"

Cailey tried not to scrunch her face up in disgust. She hated that fake bitch. "Yeah."

"Not a fan?" Owen laughed at her reaction.

He was used to people not being too fond of Tara so it wasn't very surprising. She was a hard girl to like. She was the kind of person you had to adjust to.

"Definitely not a fan." She nodded, "no offense."

"None taken. She can be a handful, but I love her. Y'know?" Owen sighed as he thought about Tara and how soft her hair was. Though this time it felt more out of habit than admiration.

"Makes sense," Cailey drawled, wondering if Conan knew about their relationship and if he'd be upset about it. Neither of the boys seemed to quite understand their feelings.

"Owen!"

Owen looked over his shoulder at the sound of his name being called. And, coincidentally, it was Tara.

"Hey, babe." He smiled at her and left Cailey without a second thought. He had the attention span of a goldfish. "What are you doing here? I thought you had ballet practice."

"I came to see if you were with some other bitch." She glared at him and dodged her boyfriend's greeting hug.

"Tara," Owen groaned. "Why are you always so paranoid I'm going to cheat on you?"

"Because always talking to other girls!" she whisper-yelled so that Cailey, who was watching their argument with wide eyes, couldn't hear her.

"Cailey? She's a lesbian! You can't be serious right now," he huffed in frustration.

Sometimes he wished he was gay.

"Is that why you're hanging out with her?" She squinted. "You want some lesbo threesome with her? That's fucked up Owen. Real nice!"

"You're fucking crazy." He shook his head, pushing past her to find his car and leave. He didn't want her to ruin his day when he was in such a good mood.

But she followed after him. "Are you seriously walking away from me right now Owen Wilson?!"

"Yup." He fished his keys out of his pocket to unlock his car.

"I swear to god if you get into that car, we're done!" she threatened as Owen popped the driver's door open. He stilled for a moment and she smirked to herself in triumph.

She knew he wouldn't leave her. He was dependent on her for the validation his own parents wouldn't give him. Even though he never talked about it, she could tell how much it affected him and used it to her advantage to win fights and arguments. It worked liked a charm.

He was frozen, but not in fear of breaking up like Tara thought. Instead he was realizing how right Gavin was about what he said earlier.

Owen wasn't exactly gifted in the intelligence department so his mind couldn't connect the puzzle pieces behind it all, but he did understand that Tara wasn't treating him the best. All he did was love her and she made him feel like a dick in return when he hadn't even done anything wrong.

"Then I guess you better find a ride home," he muttered, getting into his car and slamming it shut.

He turned his radio up full blast so that he didn't have to hear her screaming like a lunatic from outside the window. She banged her fists on the window so he pulled out of his spot and drove off.

"Good fucking riddance," he grumbled.

Cailey was watching with her lips parted at the couple having the world's most ridiculous fight. She didn't understand what Tara was mad about, but whatever it was, was funny as fuck.

She held her phone up to record their scene. Her and Conan exchanged phone numbers a little before Owen had walked up to them and she was planning on sending it to him.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Tara turned around to see people staring at her and her face turned bright red. Everyone was either recording or laughing at the little tantrum she threw.

Owen couldn't deny that it hurt that their relationship was really over. It hadn't completely sank in yet, but he really did love the girl. Crazy and all. But what he was mostly feeling was free.

free. ———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 7: CUTTING CLASS


7.

Lillian was talking to Conan and asking about his day at school, but he was busy rewatching the video Cailey sent him for the eleventh time. He couldn't believe that they really broke up. It made his stomach flutter just thinking about it.

7. 7.

"What are you watching?" she asked curiously when Conan mindlessly nodded along to her words even though she had asked him a question.

"It's just some video," he mumbled, turning off his phone so she couldn't see and start asking him questions about it.

Her eyes were trained on the rode as she spoke. "So who were those two people? Did you make some friends?" she questioned hopefully.

"Yeah, I guess so." He shrugged.

"What are their names?" She smiled. "Tell me everything about them! How did you meet? Will you introduce us? You should invite them over for dinner!"

"Mom, no." He groaned in embarrassment. "I'm not inviting them over for dinner."

She frowned. "What about lunch? It could be on a weekend."

"The time of day isn't the issue here," he laughed. "And speaking of this weekend, can I go to a party?"

The car swerved and Lillian almost crashed into a lamppost.

"What was that?!" Conan yelped and held onto the passenger handlebar, clutching his fastened seatbelt in the other.

"You want to go to a what?" she choked. "You're going to have to repeat that for me, because I'm pretty sure you just asked to go to a party."

"Is that a no?" He bit his lip. He'd just sneak out his window or something then.

"Of course you can go, I'm just surprised. That's all. You've never been interested in socializing before."

"Yeah, well," he sighed. "Owen asked me to go."

Lillian's eyes lit up and Conan immediately regretted talking.

"Owen huh?" she teased, "tell me about this Owen."

Owen." "I want to get emancipated," he complained. There was no way he was having this conversation with her.

"Oh hush! I want to hear about this boy!"

Conan threw his head back against the headrest with a grunt, knowing she wouldn't stop pestering until he spilled. "He's the captain of the football and track team. He's the one who made me join track in the first place."

"I like him already! Show me a picture." She pulled into their driveway and pulled the key out of the ignition.

"I don't have any pictures, mom. I've known him for like a week."

"Doesn't he have one of those social medias? Does he have any photos on instabook? Is that what it's called, the picture posting app?"

"I'm going inside now."





-





Owen slugged through the halls the following morning. He was exhausted after getting no sleep since Tara was texting him nonstop, guilt tripping him like nothing else. He didn't regret his decision but he underestimated how hard it would be.

"Did you hear?" a voice behind him whispered. "Owen Wilson and Tara McKenna broke up!"

"I know! It's totally wild," another giggled back. "That means he's up for grabs now."

"I totally want a piece of that."

He found it funny how people didn't think he could hear their gossiping about him. Not that he minded. He liked the attention he got at school since he was lacking it at home. Plus, Tara was the one everyone was talking shit about. Not him.



"Morning, ladies." He smirked at the group of whispering girls behind him who all blushed when they realized he overheard their conversation.

He didn't wait for a response as he strode confidently down the halls. He was used to the stares and hushed words spoken around him so it was nothing new. It was just amplified because of the video circling around the school.

A hand grabbed his bicep so that he stopped in his tracks. "Is it true?" Gavin asked with wide eyes. "Are you and Tara really broken up?"

"Why, are you jealous?" Owen teased, going to ruffle Gavin's hair but he slapped his hand away with a scowl.

"Bitch fine. I'll go talk to someone else." He turned but Owen rolled his eyes and slid his foot out to trip Gavin, who stumbled but stayed upright.

"I'm just kidding, idiot. Yes we broke up."

Gavin grinned. "Does that mean you'll go to Sophie's party with me? There's going to be a bunch of hot girls there." He wiggled his brows suggestively. "Girls that aren't as psychotic as Tara."

"Sure, I'll go," he said casually. Gavin didn't have to know he had already planned on going. Or that he was interested in getting a rebound. At least not some random girl at a party.

"Fuck yeah! Gowen is back in business baby!" he cheered.

"Stop calling us 'Gowen'." Owen snickered at the stupid ship name he got from a group of cheerleaders that thought they were secretly dating. "I, personally, prefer Ovin."

Gavin shook his head. "I've gotta get to class, but for the record, Gowen is way better." He blew a kiss to Owen who gagged in response.

"Later loser." Owen knocked the book he was holding out of his hands and ran away before Gavin could hit him.

He dragged through his first few periods, either sleeping or throwing shit at his teachers when they were turned around. It was ridiculously hilarious. Though the teachers didn't share his sense of humor.

After fourth period he finally had lunch. It was his favorite time of day and he was practically wagging his tail like a dog as he waited for the bell to ring. And the second it did he was sprinting out of the classroom to get in the cafeteria line first.

If you didn't know Owen, you'd think he was a lunatic. But he was Owen Wilson, nobody didn't know him. So it was normal for the wealthy 6'3 football star to be running through the halls like an idiot. No one even blinked at the sight.

didn't After he got his food (he was the first person in there as always) he went to sit outside but took a detour when he saw Conan walking in with Cailey.

"We heard you're a single lady now," Cailey was the first to talk when Owen approached them. "Congratulations on being single, my guy."

"Thank you, thank you." He bowed, barely sparing her a glance and looking at Conan instead.

"I brought your clothes back,"'Conan told Owen who smiled at his awkwardness. "They're in my locker, if you wait here I can go get them."

"I'll go with you," he said without pause.

Cailey bit back a smile. "I have to, um, go... brush my hair. You two go ahead." She slipped away before either of them could question her.

Owen didn't think twice about her excuse. It sounded like a girl thing and made perfect sense in his mind. But Conan knew the devil was trying to play matchmaker.

"My locker's in building five," Conan replied nervously as the two walked side by side.

Owen took a bite of his burger and took over the conversation like usual, talking about anything that popped into his brain. "How's Duncan doing? I thought he was going to jump me or something but I haven't seen him at all since that day."



"I wouldn't know either," Conan mumbled. "He kind of ran away from home."

"Ran away from home?" Owen said through a mouthful of food. "What seventeen year old runs away from home? Where could he even go if you're both new to the town?"

Their footsteps echoed down the hallways as Conan led them to his locker. "I have no clue. We kind of had a family fight after you dropped me off and a lot of stuff happened. It's complicated."

"I'm familiar with the topic." Owen thought about his own family and the way his parents were constantly arguing, assuming Conan was talking about the same kind of thing. "Do you want to talk about it? I'm a really good listener."

The truth was, he wasn't, but he wanted to hear what Conan had to say. He wanted to soothe whatever was bothering him and make everything better.

"It's fine," Conan lied. It wasn't fine but it wasn't like he had anyone he could actually talk about it too. "Thank you though."

Owen's offer made him feel all fluttery inside. People caring about him was an odd feeling.

"Look on the bright side." He shrugged. "Maybe he got kidnapped and he's trapped in some middle-aged man's basement with one meal a day."

Conan's laugh made Owen's chest fill with pride. He made him laugh. Him.

" That's the bright side?" He chuckled.

That's "Yes." Owen nodded firmly, "We can only hope for the worst."

"I guess you do have a point there." He exhaled in amusement.

The two talked mindlessly as they went to Conan's locker. He found that Owen never ran out of words to say. Usually he hated people that were so extroverted and chatty, but he liked listening to the sound of his voice. And he couldn't deny that his randomness was amusing.

"Here's your stuff." Conan opened his locker, giving Owen his now clean clothes that were folded into a neat pile.

"Thanks." He smiled, seeing that Conan really did wash them like he had thought he might. "The period is over in like ten minutes. Do you want to just walk around?"

"Sure," he gave in and tried to play it off cooly, ignoring his own giddiness.

Conan came to terms with the fact that he might've had a teen tiny crush on his new friend. He didn't expect it to go anywhere but he knew he wasn't in charge of his feelings. If he liked Owen then he liked him. There was no helping it. It was almost impossible to not like him.

not They walked around for a few minutes and by then Owen had decided that there was no way he'd be going back to class after. He was in too good of a mood to go to class, algebra would ruin it.

"There's an arcade a few minutes away from here." He said suddenly, "do you want to skip the rest of school and go?"

Conan looked up at him with large, pale blue eyes that shone under the light. The sight was captivating and Owen forgot what they were talking about for a second. "Just the two of us?"

Conan had never cut class before. He was smart and had good grades but he wasn't the nerdy, play by the rules type. It made him slightly nervous but he didn't want to pass up the opportunity of spending time with Owen, even if they were only hanging out as friends.

"Just us." Owen swallowed thickly, wondering why his heart suddenly beat a little faster. "Is that okay?"

Conan smiled at him shyly. "Yeah. I'd like that."

"Cool." Owen mirrored his smile, guiding him out of the school's back entrance so they could sneak out.

The school was gigantic which made is easy to sneak out of. Owen's parents gave up on reprimanding his bad educational habits like skipping, not doing homework, talking back to teachers, getting bad grades. They had no expectations for him so there was no room for disappointment. It didn't matter if he got in trouble.

Conan was a little scared about how his mom would react but he'd come up with some excuse to tell her. He wouldn't be surprised if she'd just be happy he was hanging out with a friend.

"I used to go to arcades all the time when I was little," Owen said excitedly as they traveled down the sidewalk, "I haven't been in a really long time."

"Why'd you stop?" Conan quizzed, hugging himself because of the cold air. He was wearing a hoodie but he was used to Texas heat so it didn't help much.

"Because my parents suck." He snorted as he unlocked his car once they got to the parking lot, both of them hopping inside.

He turned on the heat when he noticed that Conan was cold. It was barely a two minute drive but he wanted him to be comfortable. He had an urge to take care of the boy that was unfamiliar to him. It was similar to what he felt for Tara, yet vastly different at the same time.

And it confused him like hell.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 8: TOKENS


8.

Owen and Conan each had a plastic cup full of game tokens. The arcade was bright with neon lights and dazzling designs decorating the interior. Low music was playing in the background with the aroma of pizza lingering in the air since there was a restaurant attached to the side. Not many people were there as it was a week day and kids were in school.

8. 8.

At least they were supposed to be.

"What game do you wanna play first?" Owen asked him with an excited look on his chiseled features. It was funny how such an intimidating looking guy had the personality of a dog.

"I don't know. You pick." Conan shrugged. He had never really been to an arcade before. Even when he was younger he had never been fond of socializing, preferring spending his time indoors instead.

Owen's eyes darted over to the game where you shoot basketballs into the hoop and Conan inwardly cringed. Of course he would pick that first.

"We should shoot hoops," he suggested eagerly.

"Alright," Conan complied, timid. He didn't have the heart to say no. He'd just have to soldier through the embarrassment.

They weaseled through the crowded games until they got to the basketball machine. Owen took two coins out of his cup and slotted them inside, one for himself and one for Conan.

Conan watched in disbelief as Owen hit the start button, immediately tossing a ball through the hoop. Then he repeated the action and got every single shot in without fail.

He nervously picked up his own ball and aimed for the net. It bounced off of the rim, almost whacking him in the face, but Owen reached out and caught it just in time with a loud laugh.

"Have you ever played this before?" Owen ignored his machine as he held Conan's basketball, enjoying the shy blush on the smaller boy's cheeks.

"I don't think I've even played actual basketball before," he admitted sheepishly and fumbled with the bottom of his hoodie.

"It's not too hard." He threw the ball up in the air and caught it as he spoke. "You just need to have the right stance, flex your knees a little, hold it like this, pick your target, and voilà!" It went straight through the basket.

Owen handed him a ball from the bottom of the machine. "Now you try."

Conan took it with shaky hands, already knowing there was no way he was going to make the shot.

"Part your legs a little more," he instructed and slid his hand over Conan's that was holding the ball. "No, you have to hold it like this. Good."

Conan felt lightheaded from their close proximity, struggling to breathe properly as Owen positioned his body correctly. "Try now."

He aimed for the basket and the ball almost made it in, circling around the rim before rolling off to the side.

"Maybe we should play something else," he requested hopefully. He was so embarrassed to not be able to do a simple 'guy thing' like shoot a damn basketball.

"It just takes a little practice," Owen persisted. He could sense the boy's embarrassment and wanted him to at least shoot one basket before moving on to something different. "Just follow my lead."

Owen stood behind him and adjusted the way Conan was holding the ball before using his foot to part Conan's legs slightly. He straightened his posture, telling him to bend slightly and encouraged to try again.

In Owen's mind, he was telling himself that he was a bro helping out another bro. That he was just helping the boy learn to shoot a basketball and how touching him was completely casual. He still didn't quite comprehend the ulterior motives of his subconscious.



Conan, on the other hand, was more in tune with his emotions and was in a frenzy as Owen's touch sizzled against his skin. It was a foreign feeling but he couldn't get enough of it.

He went for the shot again, focused on Owen's body heat pressing against his back. The ball didn't even make it close to the hoop. It bounced off the edge of the machine, whamming into Owen's face who was equally as distracted and not paying any attention to anything other than the boy in front of him.

"Fuck," Owen swore and stumbled back from the impact, clutching his forehead it had smacked off of.

The spot the ball hit was aching but the pain was soon forgotten when Conan's sweet laughter filled his ears.

The sound was contagious and he found himself imitating it, reveling in the joyous look on the brunette's face. His cheeks were slightly tinted pink and it complemented his creamy skin. His teeth were on display as well, pearly white and perfectly aligned. Soon his own laughter has subsided and he was left staring at Conan like a creep.

"Sorry," Conan gulped when the air suddenly grew thick with tension, thinking he had upset the taller boy.

"No worries," he said in a raspy voice. His eyes never left Conan's face as he took note of all his features, memorizing the slight curve of his nose and light layer of faint freckles covering his cheeks.

"Sports aren't really my thing," he muttered lamely, not knowing what to say when Owen was staring at him like that.

that. "Really?" Owen hummed with a grin, "I didn't notice."

"I, um..." he was at a loss for words. He couldn't think when the blonde was staring at him so intently. "What are you doing?"

It was like he had tunnel vision with the way he could only focus on Conan's plump lips. They were a shade of pale pink and looked so soft, inviting even. His mouth was craving for a taste and he wanted nothing more than to press his lips against Conan's in that moment.

"O-Owen?" He gulped, slowly realizing what the boy was thinking.

The basketball machine rang loudly, signaling that the time was up even though the game was the last thing on either of their minds. The sound jolted Owen out of his trance as he jumped back with a yelp.

Conan would've laughed if Owen didn't look so serious. It was a weird emotion on his face and he didn't like it.

"What?" Owen blinked, dazed as he tried processing the fact that he was just staring at another guy's lips.

"Um," Conan searched for something to say. "Did the ball hurt? They probably have ice in the restaurant if you want some."

He shook his head. "It's fine. It doesn't hurt."

He wasn't sure if it actually did hurt or not. He was now hyper-focused on every movement Conan made. The boy was talking again but Owen's brain was in another realm by that point.

He almost just kissed a boy.

He wanted to kiss a boy.

wanted It wasn't anything against gay people, he just wasn't one of them. He liked girls and he always had. Why would it suddenly be different now? And even if he was gay, it wouldn't matter. His parents would disown him. They hated him enough as it was and that would be the last straw for them.

"I've gotta go," he rushed out suddenly, his chest feeling too tight. He couldn't breathe.

"Are you alright?" Conan frowned, reaching out for Owen's wrist when he turned around, but the boy didn't even falter. He sped out of the building as fast as humanly possible.

Conan was left standing in the middle of the arcade, alone with two cups full of unused tokens as he watched his friend disappear.

All the happiness he had been feeling was like it left with Owen's presence. He deflated like a balloon, wanting to cry as he had no idea what he had done wrong. He thought they were having fun together. At least he was. Did that mean Owen wasn't?

A little kid with his father were playing a shooting game inside one of the game machine, laughing loudly inside. Conan left the two cups full of tokens next to them and slipped away before either could notice. At least someone deserved to have a fun day.

The blonde sprinted out of the arcade with a racing heart, muttering profanities to himself. He felt like a dick leaving Conan by himself. Especially when it was his own idea and he was the one who got the boy to skip school with him in the first place.

"What the fuck, what the fuck, what the fuck," he repeated to himself once he was within the safety of his car. He slammed his head against the wheel with a groan, hating himself. "What the fuck did I just do?"





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 9: CRUSHING ON A BOY


9.

Owen laid sprawled out across his bed as he stared up at the ceiling, deep in thought, which was weird considering it was him . He wasn't used to overthinking so much or doubting himself to such an extent. It was weird not having any idea what to do next and he despised the sick feeling he had in the pit of his stomach.

9. 9.

him His phone buzzed on his bedside table and he sighed when he saw it was a text from Gavin asking if he was still coming to Sophie's party.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. He begrudgingly crawled out of bed, knowing that Gavin wouldn't hesitate to drag him out of it if he didn't comply.

Shrugging on a pile of clothes tossed carelessly on his floor, his mind wandered back to Conan. A common topic his brain wouldn't stop obsessing over the past few days ever since hanging out with the boy at the arcade.

Owen had been avoiding him but it wasn't like Conan had made any big attempts to talk to him either. Owen felt a little hurt that he hadn't even tried talking to him but he knew that was hypocritical of him. It was his own fault that he randomly left with no explanation. Obviously Conan wouldn't want to talk to him after that.

As promised, fifteen minutes later Gavin was barging into his home and into his room like he owned the place. "Gross." He made a face of disgust as he inspected Owen's filthy room. "Don't your parents have maids hired? One of them let me in. How is your room still this nasty?"

"I don't like having them clean up after me. I don't let them." Owen was brushing his teeth, his connected bathroom door slightly ajar so the two boys could still see each other.

"I don't know why you act like it's slavery." Gavin sighed and bounced onto Owen's king sized bed. "They get paid good money, the job is optional, they're choosing to be here."

Owen's toothbrush slid over his teethes he cleaned them, his voice coming out muffled. "Still don't like it."

"Whatever." His friend shrugged and flopped onto his side. "We're already late, can you hurry up?"

"I don't wanna go in the first place," he grumbled, spitting into the sink and wiping his mouth.

"What changed? Literally just the other day you were all excited about it."

Conan did. At least how Owen felt about him changed even if it wasn't he himself in particular.

Conan did. "Doesn't matter." He grabbed his phone and ushered Gavin off of his bed. "Let's get going."

"Yeah, yeah. Whatever. Don't tell me." Gavin rolled his eyes, knowing he'd squeeze it out of him later. He automatically tied the blame on Tara despite the girl not being the cause of his distress for once.

It was Owen's own fault for once.

He shut his bedroom door behind him as the two walked down the stairs. Owen's house was gigantic so he never even bothered trying to sneak out. His parents either didn't notice or didn't care if they did happen to pay him any attention. Probably a mixture of both.



They had to pass by the kitchen where one of Owen's brothers Luke was, skimming through the fridge. He had three brothers and two sisters. Out of all five the only one he liked was Luke, the youngest.

"Gavin!" he exclaimed when he saw the pair walk through the room.

He hadn't seen much of Gavin lately because of the Tara situation so he was excited to see him.

"Hey little man." Gavin grinned back and ruffled his hair like a little kid despite Luke being fifteen. He gave off the impression of being younger so he was treated as such, especially being the last of six children. "Do you want to come party with us?"

Luke's eyes widened with excitement that Owen instantly had to destroy. "No fucking way." He smacked Gavin's shoulder who scowled. "He's fifteen dumbass."

Gavin rubbed the now sore spot Owen hit. "I know his damn age!" he lied. "That doesn't mean he can't come hang out with us."

"Please Owen!" Luke pleaded with puppy dog eyes similar to Owen's. Luke was kind of just a smaller version of his older brother with the same childlike personality.

"Those don't work on me, bud." He flicked in between Luke's brows and he swatted his hand away with a frown. "It's a senior party. No underclassmen allowed."

"You're mean." He crossed his arms, pouting.

Owen snorted. "Good."

"Sorry that your brother's an asswipe Luke!" Gavin yelled as Owen dragged him out of the house.

They got into Owen's car after some more bickering about Gavin being a bad influence. He pulled out of the driveway and turned on the radio so that he didn't have to focus on Gavin's endless chatter. He thought he was talkative himself, but the black haired boy would never shut the hell up.

"There are a bunch of girls I could hook you up with tonight if you want." Gavin offered, knowing that would get the jock's attention since he was blatantly ignoring him. "Hot girls."

"I'm alright," he declined.

Gavin blinked at him stupidly, not sure if he heard him correctly. Owen Wilson was a ladies man that could have pretty much any girl he wanted. Hearing him say no to the chance to hook up with one was bewildering.

"What about Stacy Proth? Faith Dunlop? Darlene Walsh?" He named random attractive females he knew at the school, waiting for Owen to change his mind. But he didn't.

Gavin didn't really care if he didn't get with a chick for the night. He was just genuinely baffled by Owen's different behavior. It was so unlike him.

"I'm good man," he laughed, turning a corner.

He didn't want to have a one night stand with some cheerleader he'd never talk to again. If he had it his way then he'd be home watching football and eating Cheetos the whole night. But since that wasn't happening he'd settle for getting so drunk he couldn't stand on his own two feet anymore. That didn't involve intoxicated sex with a stranger.

"Where's Wilson and what have you done with him?" Gavin squinted at him as if he were an imposter.

"This is getting a little offensive," Owen huffed. "Are you calling me a whore?"

"Uh, yeah," he said as if it were a fact. It kind of was.

Owen scoffed. "Do you want me to turn this car around?"

"Please don't, mom. I'll be good."

He turned the radio up louder.

When they got to Sophie's house they were about an hour late. Gavin was complaining about how all the good booze were probably gone by now but he was busy searching the perimeter for a familiar set of pale blue eyes that he couldn't find. He wasn't sure whether it was a good thing or not.



He went inside with Gavin moodily trailing after him. They were headed for the keg stands but Owen was still looking everywhere to try and find Conan. He wasn't sure if he would even show up or not. Cailey might've made him come.

"Owen!" A group of popular girls approached him, giggling and tipsy. He recognized Sophie but the rest of their faces melded together.

"Hey, have you seen Cailey?" he asked Sophie before thinking.

Her short pink hair dipped into her eyes as she laughed at nothing. "She's a lesbian, stupid!"

Owen sighed but couldn't help smiling at her, "I'm not asking for that. I'm looking for... Conan."

that. "Ohh," she slurred, "the short brunette? I'm pretty sure they were all playing spin the bottle by the pool."

He nodded, mumbling a thank you and pushing his way through the crowd of people to get outside. Multiple people greeted him on his way who he brushed off. He made up his mind, he was going to apologize to Conan so they could be friends again. To make things normal.

When he got past all the sweaty bodies he approached the pool. A group of people were sitting in a circle near the edge with a beer bottle whirling around. The cap landed on a girl who blushed as the boy who spun it shuffled over to kiss her. A couple people cheered and then moved onto the next person.

Conan was awkwardly sitting next to Cailey, playing with the sleeves of his hoodie. It was getting later so the moon illuminated his face and made him look even cuter. His uncomfortableness was apparent as he tensed whenever the bottle came close to landing in his direction.

Owen smiled when he spotted him and quickly rushed over. Again a few people tried to approach him but they were all ignored as he sat beside Conan casually.

"Hey," he said, joining in on the game.

"Uh," Conan blushed, "hey."

He was confused at how nonchalant Owen was being. They hadn't talked in days ever seen the arcade incident and now he just came over, acting like nothing had happened?

He wasn't the biggest fan of confrontation so it did ease the nerves that had been eating away at him ever since, but he also wasn't fond of leaving the problem unresolved. He didn't know what he did wrong and wanted an explanation. An explanation that Owen wasn't ready to give to Conan nor himself.

"Can I have a sip?" He motioned toward Conan's cup that he had barely touched. He didn't like the taste of alcohol (not that anyone really did) but wanted to hold it so that he didn't have to deal with people.

"You can have the rest." Conan handed it to him shakily.

He hated how nervous he was starting to become around Owen. It was like the progress the two of them made throughout their, admittedly short, friendship was wasted.

"Some party huh?" Owen commented as he looked around at the drunken teenagers messing around and loud music blasting through the speakers.

"I'm not really a fan of parties." Conan shrugged quietly.

"Me neither." Owen took a long swig of the drink.

Despite seeming like the party type, Owen didn't enjoy those types of gatherings as much as people would expect him to. Big socialization events reminded him of all the ones his parents would force him to attend.

"Really?" Conan tilted his head in question cutely. "I thought you'd feel the opposite."

He shrugged. "What can I say? I'm a man full of surprises."

Conan laughed and the sound made Owen realize how much he missed his presence, how stupid he was to ruin their friendship. His feelings were still a ruckus inside his head that made no sense to him but he just wanted to be around Conan regardless of in what way.

"Do you want to get out of here?" he asked suddenly.

Conan's face heated up at the question. He was even more confused now. What did Owen want from him?

"And do what?" he stuttered.

"You could come over." He tried not to sound too eager, "we could stay up and binge watch movies all night or something."

Conan considered it, wondering whether it would be a bad idea or not. But he too missed being around Owen and wanted to spend time with the idiot.

"Ooooh!" The circle of people playing spin the bottle caught their attention.

Conan looked down with red cheeks to see the bottle pointed at him. Another boy was the one who had spun it who was visibly wasted.

"Does this make me gay?" The boy scratched his head as he looked over Conan who looked pretty gay to him.

"Yes and no." A girl shoved him toward Conan who's hands were shaking slightly. He clenched them into fists, not wanting to look like a baby in front of everyone.

Throughout the game he had kissed a few people already but they were on girls. This was a boy he was kissing. And he was kissing him in front of Owen.

Owen. "Alright, whatever." The boy crawled over to Conan's side of the circle. "Pucker up babe."

Conan gulped and refused to look at Owen who was watching along with everyone else.

Owen's heart pounded against his ribcage as the boy connected his lips with Conan's. The sight made him insanely jealous and his slow brain finally started to click together all the pieces as a tongue slipped into Conan's mouth.

He had a crush on a boy .



boy

———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 10: POPPING THE QUESTION


10.

Owen replayed the moment he watched that guy kiss Conan. He knew him- he was on the football team. Jaxon Briar. Owen knew he looked familiar but only recognized him when he showed up at football practice Monday morning.

10. 10.

The night of the party was a bit of a blur after drinking so much to soothe his buzzing mind. He and Conan ended up going to McDonald's at one o'clock in the morning before driving him home so Conan wouldn't worry his mother. But Owen didn't get to enjoy their time spent together as much as he usually would've because he was busy imagining beating the shit out of Jaxon the entire time.

Owen wasn't a violent kind of guy, though Jaxon really made him question his morals.

"Line up!" he shouted, the football team following his orders without pause.

The final cuts had been made and the team was official by this time. Unfortunately, Jaxon had already been accepted since Owen hadn't paid him any attention until now. He selfishly wanted Jaxon off the team but knew he couldn't abuse his power.

All the boy had heaving chests, covered in dirt and sweat. The air smelled like freshly cut grass and filled their nostrils pleasantly. It was the kind of outdoorsy scent that brought Owen the uttermost peace.

"Go take a water break," he ordered after a moment. He wasn't tired himself but the team looked exhausted.

"Wilson, get over here!" the coach yelled.

The boys all ran over to greedily gulp down water as Owen jogged across the field to Coach Matthews. As he neared Coach, he began to make out the two other bodies next to him.

One was the principal, the other was Duncan.

"What's going on?" Owen asked confusedly, suspiciously eyeing Duncan who had a shit-eating grin on his face.

"Duncan's going to be on the team." Coach held in an exasperated sigh. He didn't like the boy either.

Before Owen could object the principal cleared her throat. "I won't let my students be discriminated against, Mr Wilson." She pushed her glasses up the bridge of her nose. "And I'm very disappointed in you for treating one of your peers like this."

Owen blinked, dumbfounded.

"Discriminated against?" he repeated slowly. "For what?"

"Don't play your mind games with me, Wilson." The principal's lips were turned into a tight line as she spoke, "I will not tolerate discrimination against the LGBT community in this school!"

"Homophobia?" Owen said in bewilderment. "You're gay?" He asked Duncan.

"This is about his brother," Coach cut in.

Owen's blood ran cold as the three continued to speak. He wasn't listening to a word. All he could think about was how Conan's gay .

gay Did that mean he had a chance with the boy? If he liked boys, he could like Owen too, right? But then again his parents would be furious. They were disappointed in him enough already.

"I want no more of this discrimination nonsense going on in my school. If I hear about this again then I'm going to need to find a new team captain." The principal narrowed her eyes at Owen who was still in another realm.

"Yes ma'am." Coach nodded his head along to her every word despite being pissed. "I apologize again."

"Why don't you go show Duncan to his locker? And find him some gear," she suggested though it was more of a demand.

Owen gritted his teeth. He wasn't homophobic. He hadn't done anything wrong.

"But I-"

"Go, Wilson." Coach gave him a knowing look.



Owen bit his tongue, not wanting to piss Coach off. Though it was really hard not to with the way Duncan was smirking like a maniac.

"Let's go," Owen said sharply to Duncan.

The second they were out of earshot Owen was glaring at him. "Homophobic huh?"

Duncan raised a brow. "You got a problem? I'm sure the principal would love to hear about it again."

Owen swallowed down his pride. His position on the team couldn't be compromised, it was all he had. Without his title, he was nothing.

"Your locker's the last one on the left. I'll put in a request for your uniform," he spoke casually.

He wouldn't give Duncan the satisfaction of seeing his anger. And fuck, there was a lot of it.

"Cool." He smiled smugly, walking over to his locker.

Duncan tossed his bag inside it and the room was quiet for a moment. It wasn't the time to ask such a question, nor the place, but it was burning in Owen's mouth. He had to know.

"So," he tried to seem nonchalant, "Conan's gay?"

Duncan's cocky demeanor faltered for a moment but he choked down his panic. "Why? You gonna beat him up or some shit?"

"I'm not homophobic!" Owen shouted back, pissed that he would even think Owen would dare lay a hand on Conan.

"Why else would you ask?" Duncan slammed his locker shut.

Now it was Owen's turn to choke down the panic quickly rising in his throat.

"'Cause we're friends." He shrugged. "Just curious."

Duncan brushed past him with a huff. "Then ask him your goddamn self."

Owen stood there in silence as Duncan stormed out unexpectedly.

"What if I don't know how?" he whispered glumly, looking like a kicked puppy.

A kicked puppy that quickly brightened up when he got a text from the boy who wouldn't get off his mind.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. He laughed to himself as he looked down at the screen. He really did want to know about whatever happened with his family so that he could help. Or at least try to.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Fifteen minutes later practice was over and all the boys were packing their stuff up to head home. Owen had forgotten all about Duncan as he waited by the bleachers, impatiently searching for Conan.

He grinned when the brunette walked past the brick wall, oversized hoodie drowning his small build and fluffy hair dipping into his eyes.

Now that Owen was more aware of his feelings, all his senses were on overdrive around Conan. He noticed every time their arms brushed together, the pull of Conan's soft looking lips whenever he smiled, the cute way he'd stutter whenever he was nervous. It was all too much for Owen who wasn't really known for his self-control skills.

"I'm sorry about Duncan." Was Conan's lame greeting.

"It's not your fault your bro's a psychopath." Owen shrugged as they began walking to his car. "It's a miracle you turned out alright considering you were mixed with his genes."

"How scientific of you," Conan laughed, heart stuttering at the breathtaking smile Owen was proudly wearing.

"I'm actually quite smarter than I look." They both knew Owen was bluffing. "You should start calling me Bill Nye."

"I can't do my guy Bill like that," Conan denied.

Owen gasped dramatically, "Bill would be honored to be me! I'm way hotter." He huffed.

"I don't know," Conan drawled. "Bill is pretty cute," he joked.

is Normally, Owen would laugh and make another joke back, but the topic reminded him of how he was still unsure of Conan's sexuality. His happy-go-lucky expression melted away as he stared intently at Conan, not realizing how creepy he was being. He was lost in thought about how to word the question or if he should even ask at all.

"Umm," Conan blushed at the intense gaze Owen was sending his way. "What is it?"

They approached Owen's car but stopped in front of it awkwardly. Conan had a knowing feeling in his chest that whatever Owen was about to say wouldn't be good.

"It's stupid, but can I ask you a question that might be kind of personal?" Owen requested in a timid voice that was unlike him.

Conan almost hacked up a lung. He knew what that meant. The 'can I ask you a question' statement was one trans people knew all too well. He was about to ask about his gender.

knew "No!" Conan squeaked in a panic.

Owen frowned with the tilt of his head. "You don't even know what I was going to ask."

Conan swallowed thickly. He did know what he was going to ask. Or at least he thought he did.

did "I- um," he had nothing coherent to say. His brain was screaming at him to run and hide out of survival instinct.

"It's okay, I shouldn't have asked," Owen reassured. "The track team is going out for food after school tomorrow. You should come." Owen changed the subject to try and soothe the shorter boy's nerves.

Conan's face was a bright shade of red as the embarrassment settled in. He wasn't ready to tell Owen. He wasn't ready to tell anyone and he doubted he ever would be.

But he already knew. And at least Conan could make sure Owen didn't tell anyone if they had 'the talk'.

If Duncan was the one who told Owen then Conan was going to smother him in his sleep.

"Go ahead and ask," he allowed in a soft voice, biting down on his bottom lip and playing with the hem of his sleeve.

"Are you sure?" Owen felt guilty at the way Conan's relaxed stature had turned scared by his stupid words. "Don't feel obligated."

"It's okay." He inhaled as he prepared himself for Owen to ask if he was trans.

Owen felt like a dick but couldn't contain himself and his mind overflowing with too much curiosity. "Are... are you..." he paused, "like, gay?"

Conan felt a mixture of several emotions. Relief because that meant Owen didn't know his secret, surprise because he hadn't been expecting that, and one he couldn't quite decipher. The feeling was warm and fuzzy, it made his heart pound as he stared at Owen with parted lips.

"Never mind." Owen blushed. Like actually blushed. The jock's cheeks tinted pink and the color looked adorable on his tan skin. "I told you it was stupid," he mumbled.

blushed. He rushed over to his car and slid into the seat to hide his burning face from Conan who hesitantly followed, sitting in the passenger's seat.

"I-It's not stupid." Conan's mouth felt dry as he looked at Owen.

"It's not?" Owen tilted his head.

"No, I get the uh, curiosity." His leg bounced up and down anxiously. "But to answer your question, I don't really know." He said meekly.

Owen's blood was pounding through his entire body as the boy spoke. He felt like he was about to explode.

"What do you mean?" he asked.

Conan's cheeks flushed again as he shrugged. "I've always liked girls but I've been starting to... reconsider recently. I-I don't really understand it but I'm figuring it out."

Owen's eyes widened. That was exactly how he felt himself. He had been attracted to girls and only girls his entire life but now had second thoughts. His attraction to women hadn't gone away but it was much less. But he wasn't suddenly super attracted to all boys either.

Only Conan.

"D-Does that bother you?" Conan asked shyly.

"It doesn't bother me," he replied, trying to hide the smile that wanted to form on his face. He thought that he was crazy, that no one else could relate to his dilemma. That he was all alone. But Conan was going through the same thing as him, he understood.

If Conan was just now questioning his sexuality the same way he was, was it for the same reason? Did he make Conan feel the way Conan made him feel?

There were a million more questions on the tip of his tongue but he was already being overly invasive of Conan's privacy so he forced the thoughts down.

"Oh." He fumbled with the seatbelt. "Good."

"Yeah." Owen nodded. He awkwardly turned the car on to pull out of the lot as neither of them could come up with anything else to say.

The air was thick and tense within the silence. They watched the trees buzz by and street lights flicker on as the sky grew darker.

Both were full of endless questions and emotions that neither dared to ask.

———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 11: BROTHERS


11.

The next day had rolled around and some members of the track team were meeting in the parking lot so that they could go out for food together. It was a regular event for them but since Conan was new he had never been. There were nerves eating away at his stomach but he was determined to put more effort into socializing.

11. 11.

The fact that Owen was going had nothing to do with it at all. Obviously not.

He was standing with Owen, Cailey, Gavin and a few other people he didn't know. They were immersed in conversation as his eyes wandered the parking lot.

"I'm excited for our first competition this weekend," Gavin spoke, "not that it'll be much of a competition since we're up against Central. But still."

"Same. We should go out to celebrate our win after," one of the guys Conan didn't know said thoughtfully. "Preferably somewhere with weed."

Owen smacked the side of his head, making the boy yelp. "Your brain is small enough as it is, Keegan."

"But... weed..." He frowned, rubbing the spot Owen had hit him with a grimace.

"You act like smoking is a personality trait." Cailey rolled her eyes. "How can you be a runner and smoke? Your poor lungs are probably black by now."

They continued to bicker as Conan mindlessly looked around. They didn't know who they were waiting for since there were at least fifteen people there already.

"There you guys are!" Gavin cheered mid conversation.

Conan glanced back to see what he was talking about when he saw a few guys walking over. They were from the football team. He only knew that because he recognized a few from when he had to wait at practice, that and the fact that Duncan was with them in his new jersey.

The two made eye contact and their hearts dropped. Duncan didn't want anyone knowing they were related and Conan wanted nothing to do with him for multiple obvious reasons- especially in social situations because he was scared his brother might accidentally out him.

"You guys ready? I'm starving." One of the football players yawned, holding his car keys in his hand.

"Hell yes. What took so damn long?" Gavin went over to high five a few of them and Owen did the same, blatantly ignoring Duncan.

"Owen," Conan tugged on his sleeve, "I thought it was only the track team coming."

Owen looked down at his friend with a worried frown. "I didn't know they were coming." The hint of fear on Conan's face tugged at his heartstrings. "We can leave them and go do something else if you want."

"It's alright," he lied. He didn't want to ruin the day for everyone else.

Owen went to protest but was interrupted by the guys shoving them all towards their cars.

"You want to ride with me?" He settled for instead. "You guys can come too if you want," he spoke to Cailey and Gavin.

"Yeah sure." Conan nodded, face heating up when Owen opened the passenger's side door for him.

"Ladies first," Owen joked innocently, oblivious to the deeper meaning beneath the statement.

Conan's gut twisted inside his stomach as his dysphoria practically slapped him across the face. He forced a pained smile and got into the car, flinching when Owen shut it after him.

"He didn't mean it," he whispered to himself, "be doesn't know. He didn't mean it like that. He didn't." The back door opened and Cailey plopped in so he shut up.

"I'm pissed the football boys showed up," she grumbled, looking out the window while the boys got in.

"What's wrong with the football team?" Gavin pouted, not bothering to buckle his seat.



"They're a bunch of asshats, that's what." Cailey snorted. "Minus Owen. I don't know you well enough to make an assessment of you yet."

Gavin gasped dramatically, "I am not an asshat! If anything Owen is!"

not "Why am I being dragged into this?" Owen complained as the car skidded out of the parking lot.

"You literally ditched me at Sophie's party after I fucking invited you."

"You were boring me," Owen snickered. It was a lie since he only went to see Conan, but he wouldn't be telling anyone that. "So I found somebody better to hang out with."

Conan would've been thrilled to hear that but he was still stuck on the 'ladies first' comment. It was an accident, a completely innocent accident that still hurt like a bitch.

'ladies first' "Who's better than me?" Gavin scoffed, "I'm your best goddamn friend."

"Actually," Cailey sing-songed, "I think Conan's stealing your place."

He sighed. "First Tara, now Conan. I can't catch a damn break! Next you guys will start dating and pretend I don't exist again."

"Funny." Owen coughed awkwardly.

Conan glanced down when his phone buzzed. Cailey texted him.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Thank god you and that little bitch broke up." Gavin groaned, "I can't stand that psycho."

"I second that. Don't you, Conan?" Cailey asked in an innocent voice.

Conan blushed, "I don't really know her that well."

"You don't have to know her to know she's insane." Gavin rolled his window down to rest his chin on the rim of it.

Owen automatically rolled the window back up, making Gavin jump back with a small scream when his head almost got squished. He wanted to change the conversation, he didn't want to talk nor think about Tara. Especially not around Conan who looked extremely uncomfortable.

"What the fuck, you ass!" Gavin slapped Owen's shoulder from behind him.

"I'm driving!" He shouted back. "Do you want us to crash?"

He shrugged, "a little."

"This is why I'm a lesbian." Cailey rolled her eyes. "Look. We're here."

Owen pulled into the restaurant parking area. It was a little place that a lot of kids from school went to to hang out. The sports teams usually celebrated their wins there but also went once in a while just for fun. Owen had been the one to initiate this time because he wanted Conan to get to know the other members, though he didn't tell Conan that. He knew the boy wasn't the best at socializing and wanted to give him a small push.

"Pizza here I come!" Gavin rubbed his hands together excitedly, mouth drooling like a dog.

By the time the four of them were inside the rest of their teammates were there. Everyone was seated in the same room around two huge tables since there were too many to fit at one. The restaurant had a rustic kind of feel to it and it was packed full of people.



Conan shuffled after Owen to sit next to him since he didn't really know anyone other than Cailey who sat on his other side.

He settled in his seat, unfolding his napkin before peeking around. He wanted to know where Duncan was so he knew where to avoid. So when his eyes met Duncan's that were right across from him, he felt lightheaded.

"Hey man," Gavin greeted Duncan and sat next to him. "I didn't know you were coming!"

They started talking like they had been best friends for years which made Conan beyond confused. He hadn't really considered the fact that his brother must've been making friends.

Duncan was kind of like the Owen Wilson of their old school. No wonder he'd been making friends and talking to new people. It'd be weird if he wasn't.

The two of them hadn't talked since the day Duncan called him a tranny. He showed up back home after being gone for days. He told their parents the story and made amends but Conan wasn't interested in the story. They began to coexist in the same house without sharing any interactions other than the car rides to and from school that were silent.

"Are you alright?" Owen whispered to Conan worriedly, nudging his thigh under the table.

"Yeah, it's nothing," he replied but refrained from looking into Owen's eyes swarming with emotion.

He didn't know how to help the boy and it was the only thing he wanted to do at the moment. Their meal went by with everyone talking, eating, laughing, enjoying themselves, but Conan did not. He continued to sit there quietly and push the food on his plate around.

"So, are you new this year?" Keegan asked Duncan with a mouth full of pasta. "I've never see you around before."

"Yeah. I'm from Texas," he said proudly, smiling at the thought of his old school. He loved it there.

"Why'd you move?" Gavin questioned as he took a sip of his sprite.

Duncan wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. "Change of scenery," he fibbed with a shrug.

"Didn't you move from Texas too, Conan?" Cailey murmured.

"Uh, yeah." Conan refused to meet Duncan's gaze so he kept it down on his food instead.

"That's a weird coincidence." Keegan nibbled on his chicken wing, slathering sauce all over his face like a baby. "Hold up, are you related? You look awfully alike."

Duncan's face hardened. He wanted to deny it but that would only raise more suspicion. They were twins for fuck's sake, their resemblance was obvious.

"Yeah," he grumbled with a scowl.

"What?" Gavin's eyebrows raised through the roof. "You have a twin and I didn't know?"

"It's not like it was a secret." Duncan bit the inside of his cheek.

"I remember asking you if you had siblings and you said no."

Duncan gritted his teeth in response.

"That didn't happen."



He scoffed. "Uh, yes it did."

They began to argue and the longer they talked, the more ashamed Conan felt. It was apparent that Duncan didn't want people knowing they were brothers and everyone around the table could tell. The atmosphere was tense as Duncan denied his blatant lie.

"Are you sure you don't want to leave?" Owen's big hand covered Conan's knee as he leaned down so no one else could hear them.

"It's fine," he stuttered, swallowing the sadness down his throat.

It was humiliating. His own brother didn't want people knowing they were related.

"Just shut up!" Owen shouted at Duncan all of a sudden who paused mid sentence.

Owen inhaled sharply at his unintentional outburst, knowing it wasn't going to end well. Duncan's nostrils flared in anger. "Excuse me?"

Well... there's no going back now.

Well... there's no going back now. "Are you deaf? I told you to shut the hell up!"

Duncan stood up abruptly with his fists pushed down on the table. "You asking for a fight?"

Owen stood up, glaring right back. "If that's what it takes for you to learn your damn place, then yes."

"You've been getting on my last damn nerve, Wilson," Duncan spat, straightening his back to appear taller, but Owen had a good three inches on him.

"Me?" Owen spluttered. "You're the dick that's been acting all high and mighty since the second you got to this school. I don't know what Texas was like, but here?" He rounded the table to get closer to Duncan.

"Me?" They both stared each other down, faces inches apart. Everyone watched with wide eyes as they shook with anger.

"Here, you're nothing," Owen hissed.

Duncan surprised him by punching him in the jaw, making Owen's footing falter so he knocked into the table. The dishes clattered together and Cailey's drink spilled onto her lap, drenching her pants. Everyone gasped in unison at the sight. It was silent as they watched Owen slowly turn back to look at Duncan.

And he looked pissed.



pissed.

———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 12: NOT SO PLATONIC


12.

"Guys, quit it!" Gavin shouted, grabbing Owen's left bicep.

12. 12.

"I'm gonna fucking kill him," Owen seethed, using his other arm to swing a punch that made Duncan stumble back and crash into the booth behind him.

Conan watched with wide eyes as the two boys swung their fists at each other. Customers were gasping and running away from the scene while the waiters stood in shock, not knowing what to do.

Glasses and dishes shattered on the floor when Duncan knocked Owen into the table but Owen dragged Duncan down with him.

"You think you're all that, don't you!" Duncan yelled. "You think you're so cool just because you can throw a ball and run a few miles, but you're not shit either!"

Duncan's head slammed into the ground when Owen pounced on him. He punched him in the jaw and Duncan's head was thrown to the side from the force behind it. "Are you really serious right now?" He laughed bitterly. "You act like the world owes you something when it doesn't. News flash, you deserve hell."

Owen dodged Duncan's clumsy strike and grabbed his wrist before pinning it beside his head. "You have no fucking idea what I've been through!"

The blonde whammed his balled up fist into Duncan's face again. He hit him without remorse, not caring at the way the boy was helplessly thrashing around from under him.

"Owen," Conan knelt next to Owen who was burning with rage. "It's okay. Just stop."

Owen's brown eyes met Conan's big ones that were full of fury. Despite hating Duncan, they were still brothers. Twins even. He didn't like seeing him hurt even if he was asking for it- at least he didn't most of the time.

"I don't need your goddamn help," Duncan hissed at Conan. "Why can't you just leave me the fuck alone for once!"

"I'm trying to help you, asshole!" Conan's voice came out startling loud compared to his usual timid demeanor. "Why can't you just look past your stupid fucking pride for once and quit being a dick to everyone!"

you Everyone watched Conan's outburst with parted lips and jaws dropped to the floor. The boy who was small and quiet had reached his breaking point. He was so fed up with his twin victimizing himself all the time. He couldn't take it anymore.

"It's your fault I'm like this!" he screamed, shoving Owen off of him who was too shocked to hold him down. "You're the one that made us move, you're the one that ruined my senior year. You made me leave my girlfriend, my friends, my plans, my life, my everything!"

Duncan's voice cracked as he shouted. He too was fed up with his brother who he didn't think was considering his feelings. He thought Conan was being selfish, ruining all he had going for him.

"It wasn't in my control and you know that," he defended meekly as with downcast eyes.

Duncan stood and Conan pushed off of the floor in unison. Duncan towered over him and his intimidating death glare sizzled right through the shorter boy who couldn't deny his slight fear. He didn't think his brother would ever hit him or do anything rash although he couldn't shake the nagging feeling that he might.

"It's your fault for being a stupid fucking tr-"

He suddenly groaned in pain and toppled over to his knees, his hands cupping his crotch. Cailey was standing behind him who was revealed when Duncan fell down.

She kicked him in the nuts.

"Watch your damn mouth before someone shoves a dick in it!" She yelled, kicking him in the gut and causing him to fall over completely.



She knows.

knows. Cailey continued to scream at him while the rest of the room came to their senses. Gavin and Keegan pulled Owen away from Duncan so that he couldn't start another fight like he wanted to. He wanted the asshole to suffer for upsetting Conan who now had tears in his eyes.

Duncan almost outed him. He almost called him that godawful word in front of everyone . His own fucking twin.

everyone "Wait, Conan!" Cailey called after him when he darted out of the restaurant.

His legs were short but fast as lightening. He didn't have his car with him but it didn't matter because he just needed to be alone. He would walk miles home if it meant he didn't have to be anywhere near Duncan.

"Conan!" This time it was Owen who yelled. "Slow down!"

He wanted to be alone but knowing Owen cared made him feel a little less upset. But his tears had already fallen down his face and he didn't want Owen to see him cry.

He couldn't be so weak. He couldn't be so vulnerable.

He knew that boys had emotions and cried sometimes but that didn't stop him from the 'boys don't cry' mentality that society spread. Though it wasn't true and he was well aware he still hated himself when he did.

'boys don't cry' "Hey," Owen gripped his arm to stop him from running. "Why are you crying?"

Owen didn't understand the extent of just how upset Conan was. He had no idea what word Duncan almost called him in front of everyone because he wasn't familiar with anything LGBT related at all. He grew up straight and was surrounded by cisgender straight people his whole life. He barely understood what it really meant for him to be attracted Conan, another male.

"Please leave me alone," Conan sniffled and wiped his wet face with the sleeve Owen wasn't holding onto.

"You can talk to me, it's okay," Owen said softly.

Seeing him cry made his heart physically hurt. The sight made him so much angrier and he fought the urge to sprint back into the restaurant to beat Duncan up some more.

"I don't want to talk." Conan wouldn't reach Owen's eyes and instead kept them down on the sidewalk.

"That's fine," Owen said in disappointment that he tried to cover up. "At least let me drive you home. It's getting dark outside and I don't want you walking around alone."

Conan considered it before he realized that his parents would throw a fit after hearing about what Duncan did. He wasn't emotionally ready to deal with that conflict either. "I don't want to go home either."

"Then let's take a walk," Owen suggested, his grip tightening around Conan's wrist. "We don't have to talk about what happened if you don't want to."

He sighed before nodding a little, silently appreciative of Owen's sweet gesture.

Owen couldn't help himself from using his thumb to wipe away another tear that dripped down his cheek. His touch forced Conan to tilt his head up and their gazes finally met again.

The white in his eyes was a red color and made the blue color pop out more. His sniffling nose was tinted a light shade of pink as well that made him look even more delicate and innocent. Despite hating seeing Conan cry, he had to admit that he looked pretty goddamn adorable.

"Thank you," he whispered softly, entranced by Owen's intense stare.

"That's what... friends... are for." Owen hesitated, not liking the friend zone stage they were in. Not that they'd ever get past it. But he still despised the way it sounded with a passion.



The falter in his statement made Conan smile through his tears. He was starting to think that Cailey might be right. Maybe Owen did feel something for him. Why else would he do this? Why would he be so caring and touchy and gentle? He didn't act that way with his other guy friends at all. Him and Gavin were sarcastic with each other constantly.

The relationship they shared was different than the rest. It gave him hope.

Cailey, he thought. His smile disappeared in an instant. She knows.

Cailey, She knows. She kicked Duncan in the balls right before he could finish calling him a tranny. She was LGBT and hung out with plenty of other LGBT people like in the GSA club. It wouldn't be surprising to him if the girl knew other trans people and would easily be able to spot the signs. Women were more observant with that kind of thing.

"Come on, let's walk," Owen said after a moment, frowning when Conan lost his smile.

He slowly let go of his wrist as they walked side by side instead.

There was silence between them but it wasn't uncomfortable or awkward. It was a peaceful silence that brought comfort to Conan. Just Owen's presence made him feel more calm.

As they walked, every so often their arms would brush against each other. Every time it brought a jolting sensation that drove them both crazy inside their heads. Neither knew the other was feeling the same way.

Owen was terrified to admit his sexuality. He hadn't ever liked a boy before and he didn't know what to do about it. Especially since he wouldn't be allowed to act on it. But the thought filled him incredible emptiness and he wanted nothing more than to pull the boy into his arms to fill it back up. His family would never allow it and he was too insecure himself to be open about himself.

Conan was terrified that Owen wouldn't feel the same. He was a popular jock that had no business hanging out with someone like Conan. He still hadn't gotten over the fact that Owen wanted to be even friends with him. What would happen if he confessed and Owen got weirded out? What if he stopped talking to him? What if he lost his friend?

Friendship was better than nothing to both of them. Even if it meant sitting in the dark, secretly craving much more but never saying so.

"Are you excited for the track competition this weekend?" Owen asked after a while. He wanted to know more about the situation that had just gone on but knew Conan didn't want to talk about it so he decided on something to distract him instead.

"A little." He shrugged. "Mostly nervous. But I'll be fine."

"It's normal to be nervous the first time, but I promise you'll have fun," he said thoughtfully.

"I hope so," Conan muttered.

"After we win we can go out to celebrate." Owen bit the inside of his cheek. "Just the two of us," he added, glancing at Conan out of the corner of his eye for his reaction.

Conan smiled shyly to himself. "I'd like that."

Owen grinned widely, seeing Conan's upturned lips again. He wished he would see him smile more often. "Cool."

"Can I ask you something kind of lame?" Conan asked quietly. "It's really stupid but I've just been wondering for a while."

He nodded. "What is it?"

"Why do you talk to me?" he blurted quickly with a red face. "I don't mean to sound like such a loser or anything but it's just like you're the most popular guy in school, and I'm just... me." He snorted in a bitter tone.

Owen frowned and stopped walking so that they could look at each other. Conan awkwardly met his stare, sighing when he saw Owen's face twisted in confusion. He didn't know that Conan thought of himself so lowly. He didn't like it.

"Don't talk about yourself like that." His eyes gleamed under the streetlight that shone and illuminated his handsome face. "And for the record, you're a lot cooler than my other 'popular' friends."

"That's a funny joke," he snickered quietly.

"I'm serious." Owen's sharp features hardened. "I like you. A lot."

Conan thought he meant that platonically. He didn't know that Owen didn't mean he liked him in the way he really did.

Conan played with the hem of his shirt awkwardly as he spoke, "I like you a lot too."

Owen had to choke down the raging happiness bouncing around in his stomach. He too thought Conan meant as a friend.

Neither of them saw the other as just a friend. It was so much deeper than that. They were two oblivious boys helplessly falling for the other with no idea what to do.

But they were starting to come to their senses and with that would bring so much turmoil.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 13: READY SET GO


13.

Conan hadn't been so nervous in a long, long time. He was wearing his track uniform: blue basketball shorts and a white sleeveless shirt which matched the school colors. The clothing was a little loose on him which made him incredibly embarrassed because it was the smallest size but Owen thought he looked adorable. Though the observation was silent of course.

13. 13.

It was deathly early in the morning and everyone was exhausted. The sun hadn't even risen yet.

"Did you remember to bring a bottle of water?" Owen asked Conan as they walked to the bus together. He had picked him up from his house to drive to the school where the team was meeting on a bus to drive together.

They were competing at their opponent's school which was a little far away from them. The part of Massachusetts they lived in was sparse without many other schools around so every for sports match the teams always ended up riding a bus together.

"Shit," Conan muttered. "I knew I forgot something."

"Take mine." Owen handed him the water bottle he brought.

"It's fine. It's yours."

"But I want you to have it," he insisted, holding it out for Conan who refused to take it.

Owen secretly wanted him to take it because he had already drank a portion of it and if Conan took a sip then it would be kind of like kissing him. That was his logic. Extremely intelligent logic.

Gavin practically galloped over to them and snatched it out of Owen's hands before forcing it into Conan's instead. "Stop arguing, lovebirds. Just share it for fuck's sake."

"Oh fuck off would you!" Owen shoved Gavin's shoulder who grumbled with a glare.

"Stop being so mean to me!" he whined with a pout.

Owen shook his head with a huff. "I need to round everyone on the bus. I'll talk to you later. Save a seat for me," he directed to Conan.

Since he was the captain he was in charge of instructing everyone what to do. It was kind of hot watch the puppy dog boss people around honestly.

"I will," Conan murmured, secretly happy that Owen wanted to sit with him of all people.

him "But we always sit together!" Gavin protested though it was too late as Owen was already gone.

Conan watched dreamily as Owen spouted orders for the dozens of teammates to listen to. Everyone immediately paid him attention when he whistled, the chatter dying down. He was well respected and no one would dare defy him.

Not that they would want to- Owen was a great captain. He pushed everyone to do better and took control of situations when need be while still considering his team's feelings. Without him they wouldn't be nearly as successful as they were. They hadn't lost a match all season last year and ended up un-defeated.

Owen ushered everyone onto the bus. Coach watched with a proud smile at his progressing leadership skills. He had faith that he would go big places someday.

Owen stood next to the bus entrance and fist bumped everyone who got on the bus. As Conan went up the steps, he felt Owen's hand on the small of his back to guide him for a split second before it was gone. He hid his giddy smile as he found an empty seat for them both.

"Conan!" Cailey waved from a spot near the front of the bus. "Come sit with me!"

He had been avoiding her ever since the restaurant incident days ago along with Duncan. She knew his secret and he didn't want to deal with the confrontation.

He guiltily pretended not to hear her over the loud chatter on the bus, finding a spot in the far back.

"Hey stranger. Nice to meet you." Owen held out his hand for Conan to shake. "Is this seat taken?"



"I'm actually waiting for my friend. He told me to save him a seat." Conan accepted the handshake, not being able to contain his grin as their touch connected.

"I don't see him." Owen shrugged, plopping down in the seat. "I'll fight him for it if I have to."

Conan laughed. "You want to sit next to me that badly?"

"Yup." Owen declared, "I'm ready to take a fat nap and I need a pillow."

He splayed himself out over the cramped bus seat. His long legs hung off of the edge as he rested his head on Conan's thighs and looked up at him with his shiny teeth on display.

"I don't recall offering to be your pillow." Conan scoffed.

"That's because I didn't ask," he replied as he made himself comfy. At least as comfortable as he could in the uncomfortable chair.

Conan looked down as Owen's eyes fluttered shut. The bus was booming with obnoxiously loud laughter and talking but neither paid any mind. Conan was busy admiring the boy's chiseled features. His fingers were aching to run his fingers through Owen's soft looking hair that flopped down on his lap.

"It's rude to stare," he murmured suddenly with his eyes still closed.

"I-I'm not." Conan blushed. He didn't know he could feel his gaze on him.

"I don't mind," Owen said in amusement, "I am pretty fun to look at," he teased confidently.

am "Whatever you say." Conan rolled his eyes.

Owen looked up at him. "Hey," his bottom lip jutted out. "That's mean. Take it back."

"No."

"Yes."

"No."

" Yes."

Yes." "No."

"No." "This is bullying," Owen complained.

"Good." Conan patted his head and Owen playfully swatted his hand away.

He sat up and rest his head on Conan's shoulder instead. "I should report you the school for harassment," he muttered.

Conan gulped as Owen's head laid upon his shoulder. His body was tense as he tried to control his breathing. He had no experience with anything like this before and was at a loss for what to do.

After just a few minutes, subtle snores left Owen's parted lips as his cheek nuzzled the material of Conan's shirt. From the position he was in he wasn't able to see Owen's expression so he slowly fished his phone out of his pocket. He opened his camera to see how innocent Owen looked and wanted to coo at how cute he looked. He secretly snapped a picture, wanting to savor the moment forever.

He was falling way too hard for Owen. Maybe almost as hard as Owen had fallen for him.

Some time along the way Conan fell asleep too. His own head rested against Owen's hair. Luckily they were sitting in the back of the bus so no one was looking at them because their position was nowhere near platonic.

After around half an hour the bus reached the destination. Everyone groaned as Coach shook them awake since Owen was still asleep. He noticed him practically cuddling the new boy and was beyond suspicious of their relation to one another.

Though they looked absolutely adorable and didn't want to bother them, so he took the liberty of dragging everyone off the bus.

"Owen," Conan tried to shake him awake. "We're here."

"Mm," he grumbled sleepily, pushing himself closer to the boy in a daze. His nose was right against Conan's neck, one of his arms wrapped around his waist.



Conan's face had never been so red before.

"Get up." He shuffled away from him in embarrassment. He didn't know if Owen would be okay with being so close to another boy, especially in public.

"Nooo," he whined, cracking one of his eyes open. "I'm tired."

"So are the rest of us, Wilson. Get your lazy ass up before I do it for you!" Coach yelled from the front of the now empty bus. He was trying to contain a smile of his own. Him and Owen were quite close, being the captain and all, so he knew lots about the jock. Which included Tara who he hated.

And she never made him look even half as happy as Conan was making him in that moment.

"Alright, alright." He stood up and rubbed the sleep from his eyes. "No need to get aggressive. Jeez."

The bus was cleared and the second the two got off the bus Owen's team captain attitude was back in style as he instructed everyone on what stretches to do.

The team jogged around the parking lot perimeter for a few laps as a warm up. The match was at a big field that had lots of open space for the runners.

Central High School was on the opposite side of them, glaring and readying themselves for a competition. Sports were taken very seriously around their towns and winning was a big deal to everyone. It was shameful to lose a match and they knew Owen- everyone knew Owen. Not only because of his talent but also because of his rich parents that hosted tons of events.

But they knew how good his team was and knew it would be a tough fight.

The sun had risen by then and the sweating had begun even as the students all warmed up. The competition was about to begin any second and Owen brought everyone in for a group huddle.

"Alright guys," he began. "This is our first match of the year and let's start it off a good one."

"Some of you are new," he looked at Conan with a small smile, "while others have been on the team all four years. Those who have been here know we're good. You know what we're made of. You know we're going to win. So let's go show those assholes what Easton High is made of."

Everyone cheered, whooping and hyping each other up right as the game was called to start.

The ref called both teams over and they stood before each other, everyone staring their opponents down. It was intense, the air thick with anticipation. Parents and friends who showed up for support watched as they sat on the edge of their seats.

Conan didn't tell his parents about the meet because he didn't want them coming and embarrassing him. Specifically Lillian who got a little too excited about things. 'A little excited' being an understatement.

Owen didn't bother mentioning it to his parents either but for a completely different reason. He would love them to come and cheer at the top of their lungs the way Conan's parents would. But his wouldn't show even if he asked. They didn't care. Therefor he didn't bother.

"I want ten members from each team lined up on the track." The ref shouted, "We're starting off with sprints and I want your fastest teammates up first!"

The teams parted as the captains directed which people to go up first. "Listen up!" Owen whistled, "I want these people up with me. Gavin, Liam, Ashton, Olivia, Cailey, Mitchell, Abby, Jacob, and Conan!"

Conan's heart dropped. Owen wanted him to be first? He had no idea what he was doing! He was new and couldn't compare to all of the other experienced players.

"Wait, Owen," Conan jogged over to catch his wrist before he could get onto the track. "I'm not good enough to go first- ask Sam or Nathan- they're much better."

"Conan," Owen squeezed his shoulder with a knowing look. "You're better than everyone else I picked. You might not have as much experience as the others, but that doesn't make them any better than you."

He broke eye contact with shaking hands. He wasn't ready to do this. He never should've joined the track team, it was an awful idea. Everything was going to go horribly and he was going to be the laughingstock of the school.

Again.

Again. "Let's go boys!" The ref yelled over at the two holding everyone else up.

"I'm going to be right up there with you, it'll be okay. Promise."

Conan took a deep breath. He was this far in already and there was no going back.

The two jogged over to the track next to each other and lined up with everyone else. Everyone got in their stances, determined to win as they waited for the referee to give the go ahead.

"Ready... set... go!" He blew his whistled loudly and everyone took off.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 14: SPEECHLESS


14.

The adrenaline rushing through Conan's veins distracted him from the burning ache in his legs. The twenty kids lined up all took off in a sprint, determined to win.

14. 14.

He ran with every ounce of strength he had in him. If he had to race then he at least wanted to impress Owen and make him proud. So he barreled down the track, heaving but his pace didn't falter at all.

The sound of heavy footsteps from their sneakers smacking against the concrete added to the building suspense. There was cheering and wooing and the crowd was going wild but Conan paid it no mind. He was focused on one thing and only one thing: the finish line.

And maybe Owen.

maybe Maybe.

He drew closer and closer to the end, refusing to slow down despite the growing tiredness. His eyes focused on the white line of chalk as he sprinted at lightening speed.

He ended up coming in third, but he didn't mind because Owen was first and Gavin was second.

The second Conan's feet crossed over the line, Owen was picking him up and shaking him like a rag doll. "I told you you'd do great!"

"Owen, put me down!" he laughed, pushing at his chest.

Owen's beaming grin never left his face as he shook the smaller boy around. "You just need to have more faith in yourself."

"And you need to let me go," he snickered, worming away from Owen.

you The competition continued for four more hours and by then everyone was exhausted. Their team ended up beating Central big time and the opponents were pissed while the Easton High students celebrated.

Practically asleep, they all sluggishly got onto the bus to go back to the school. Conan's legs felt like jelly as he wobbled after Owen to sit back in their original seats.

"So," the dirty blonde said casually, "are we still going out to celebrate when we get back?"

"I don't know," Conan curled up in his seat with his arms wrapped around his calves and chin resting on his knees. "I'm really tired."

"Sleep now so you have energy after." Owen pouted. "You were my pillow on the ride here, so I volunteer to be yours on the way back. It's only fair."

Bullshit he thought to himself. He just wanted to feel Conan cuddled up to him and that was the best excuse he could come up with.

Bullshit "We'll see." Conan yawned cutely, twisting around in his seat so that his head was laying on Owen's lap.

It was now Owen's turn to admire the boy as his long eyelashes rested upon his flushed cheeks. He stared down at him lovingly, waiting for his breaths to even out.

Unlike Conan, Owen was shameless and didn't give a fuck about being overly bold. He brushed Conan's hair away from his forehead and twisted his fingers through the soft tresses that were a rich brown color. His gaze stayed on him for way too long as he admired Conan's pink lips and cute button nose.

Owen didn't know any other guys with such delicate features though he didn't question the observation. He thought it was insanely adorable while Conan hated it.

"It's rude to stare," Conan mimicked, peeking up at Owen.

"Can I take a picture?" Owen smiled sweetly and removed his fingers from Conan's locks that were ridiculously soft. "It'll last longer."

He shook his head with an eye roll. "You woke me up, ass."

"I didn't do anything," Owen scoffed.



"I could feel your eyes on me," he persisted, looking up at Owen innocently.

"So you're saying I stared you awake?" the jock snickered.

"Precisely."

"That's bullshit."

"It's science."

"I failed science."

Conan sat up with a chuckle. "How do you fail science of all classes? That's almost as bad as failing English."

Owen looked at the dirty ground. "I failed English too," he grumbled.

That was why his parents didn't give a rat's ass about him. He was the only one in their family that wasn't book smart. Usually he hated when people pointed out his lack of school related intelligence, but for some reason, his stupid heart managed to find it endearing because it was Conan saying it.

Conan Anyone else he would've punched and told to fuck off.

"Do you want me to help you with your grades sometime?" Conan giggled.

"It's fine," Owen denied, knowing it would be embarrassing. "Actually I changed my mind. Yes," he corrected after he realized that meant he'd get to spend more time with the brunette.

Conan laughed again at Owen's childlike behavior. He liked how he could be an innocent baby one minute and a demanding leader the next. It was hot.

"Why the sudden change of heart?" he quizzed, leaning back against the window.

Owen shrugged. "Passing senior year would be nice."

That actually wasn't a lie. He was failing all of his classes and was dangerously close to not being able to graduate.

"What classes do you need help in?"

He tapped his chin in thought. "Hmm. Well there's economics, geometry, chemistry, history..."

"Are you going to name your entire schedule?" Conan asked in amusement.

"Maybe." Owen almost blushed. Almost.

"Well I can try to help you with all of those. I've already taken all those classes in Texas," he said. "Why haven't you just gotten a tutor?"

Owen sucked in his teeth. His home life was a sore subject for him. "My parents kind of gave up and stopped giving a shit," he spoke casually, but there was a bitterness evident in his voice.

"Gave up?" Conan asked sadly, "That's awful. Why would they do that?"

"Owen, what the hell is this?" His father demanded, waving the twelve year old's report card in his face. He had two B's, four C's, one D and an F. He had worked really hard to get those grades and he thought they were good because of how much effort he put in.

"Owen, what the hell is this?" His father demanded, waving the twelve year old's report card in his face. He had two B's, four C's, one D and an F. He had worked really hard to get those grades and he thought they were good because of how much effort he put in. "Uhh..." he trailed off sheepishly. "A piece of paper?"

"Uhh..." he trailed off sheepishly. "A piece of paper?" "No, this is your future, Owen!" he seethed and gripped the collar of his son's shirt who lost his smile immediately.

"No, this is your future, Owen!" he seethed and gripped the collar of his son's shirt who lost his smile immediately. "My future?" he asked with innocent wide eyes.

"My future?" he asked with innocent wide eyes. "Yes, your future," he confirmed. There was a hard look on his face. "Fucking worthless." He tore the piece of paper in half, straight down the middle.

"Yes, your future," he confirmed. There was a hard look on his face. "Fucking worthless." He tore the piece of paper in half, straight down the middle. "B-But I worked really hard on that," Owen protested with tears in his eyes.

"B-But I worked really hard on that," Owen protested with tears in his eyes. His father was scaring him. The twelve year old hadn't hit puberty yet and barely reached his dad's ribs. The man was incredibly terrifying and pissing him off was a guaranteed death sentence.

His father was scaring him. The twelve year old hadn't hit puberty yet and barely reached his dad's ribs. The man was incredibly terrifying and pissing him off was a guaranteed death sentence. "You worked hard?" he snickered. "You call that bullshit hard work?"

"You worked hard?" he snickered. "You call that bullshit hard work?" He shuffled his feet on the ground with a frown. "Yes," he said meekly.

He shuffled his feet on the ground with a frown. "Yes," he said meekly. "God, where did your mother and I go wrong with you?" He groaned. "Why can't you just be like your brothers and sisters?"

"God, where did your mother and I go wrong with you?" He groaned. "Why can't you just be like your brothers and sisters?" "I don't know, I'm sorry. I'll do better. Promise." He choked down his tears that were ready to pour down his cheeks.

"I don't know, I'm sorry. I'll do better. Promise." He choked down his tears that were ready to pour down his cheeks. "Don't even bother." His dad crumbled up the torn piece of paper and tossed it into the trash can. "You're never going to be shit anyway."

"Don't even bother." His dad crumbled up the torn piece of paper and tossed it into the trash can. "You're never going to be shit anyway." When the man walked away he finally allowed himself to cry, reaching into the filthy trash to fish out his report card.

When the man walked away he finally allowed himself to cry, reaching into the filthy trash to fish out his report card. Owen picked at his fingernails and gulped. "Because I'm just some dumb jock I guess."

"That's not true." The brunette placed a hand on the other's bicep comfortingly. He noted how much muscle was on his arm but decided now was not the time to get all hot and bothered over him.

"Isn't it?" Owen huffed but covered up his pain with his signature lopsided grin. "But I honestly don't care what those stuck up snobs think. I'm going to prove them wrong one day when I'm an NFL star or something one day."

"And this is why you're not just some 'dumb jock'. School isn't everyone's thing. We all have different talents and honestly, getting good grades doesn't make you stand out very much. But that does." Conan smiled back at him, squeezing his shoulder.

Owen stared down at him in shock. For once, the chatterbox was speechless.

No one had ever said anything like that to him before. No one had ever given enough of a shit to comfort him. No one had ever looked beyond the surface to see the hurt he was hiding inside of him.

Owen's breathing grew heavy as his intense gaze never left Conan's. His eyes slowly trailed down to his lips that looked so damn inviting. They were taunting him.

He wouldn't stand for it. Not anymore.

His big hands cupped Conan's face as he connected their lips. Conan's fingers circled into Owen's shirt in surprise. He too had been craving a kiss but never in a million years did he think it would ever actually happen.

actually He pushed the smaller boy down so that the bus seat was hiding them from everyone's view. He was positioned over Conan, their lips moving together in sync. The pink flesh felt just as soft as it looked.

Owen passionately kissed him, his grip strong as he held onto Conan who had his fingers twisted in Owen's now disheveled hair. All the pent up desire for one another was revealed in one deep, loving kiss.

Owen wasn't thinking about the consequences or what was going to happen next. He was only thinking about how badly he wanted to feel Conan's smaller body against his larger one.

Conan wasn't thinking about his own consequences either. He didn't consider that Owen being so close to his body was dangerous and how he was so close to revealing his own secret.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 15: DUMB JOCK


15.

The two boys were exhausted after their competition and wanted nothing more to relax- preferably in each other's embrace- but that was a silent desire neither would dare to share. They decided to go to Owen's house rather than out somewhere public to celebrate their win so that they could rest in peace.

15. 15.

It was extremely uncomfortable and it had been ever since they kissed, but that didn't mean they didn't want to be around the other. Because they did. They were just awkward as hell, never mind being confused and conflicted.

As Owen pulled into his driveway, he sucked in a nervous breath and hoped that Conan wouldn't make a comment about how large his house was. Growing up, he was used to people using him for his wealth. After a while it just became an added bonus since he was so charismatic and it was hard not to like him.

not "What do you want to do?" he asked Conan as he took the key out of the ignition. "We could watch movies maybe. Or we could go swimming."

"Let's watch movies." Conan bit his tongue so hard that his mouth filled with a metallic taste. There was no way Owen could see him shirtless since his scars would be exposed.

"Alright." Owen was just happy to spend any time with the boy at all and didn't really mind whatever they'd end up doing.

His chest swelled with happiness when Conan didn't say anything about how big his house was. Everyone always had something to say about him yet Conan hadn't ever mentioned it.

"You did really good at the game today," Owen complimented as they walked up the paved path leading to his front door.

The house was massive with beautiful greenery surrounding the edges. Shrubs lined up against the front entrance with flowers here and there. In the back there was a bigger garden with endless roses, lilacs, pansies and more, along with a circular pool beside the hot tub.

"You did even better," Conan said as the two walked side by side, focusing on the way Owen's arm was so close to brushing up against his own.

Owen smiled at the praise. "I wouldn't be surprised if you rank above me next time after you get a little more practice."

"You think I could do better than you?" He laughed, "you're crazy. Sports are practically your entire life."

He liked that Conan paid attention to him, his interests, small things no one else would ever really care enough to take note of. "Which is exactly why your skills are so impressive."

"I guess." He shrugged as Owen pulled his keys out of his pocket to unlock the front door. "Is that what you're going to do in college? Sports?"

Owen nodded and held the door open for Conan. "I can't imagine doing anything else with my life," he told him honestly. "What about you? What are you interested in?"

Conan mimicked Owen as he kicked off his shoes before heading towards the huge staircase located in the middle of the room. The floors were a dark wood with the walls a pristine shade of white with little designs on it, tons of fancy looking decorations everywhere.

"It's kind of basic, but I like drawing," he admitted shyly, following Owen up the stairs.

His long legs took him up two steps at a time which made the shorter boy need to speed up. He was scared he'd get lost if he didn't.

"It's not basic," Owen frowned. "Do you have anything I can see?"

He had never cared for art before but knowing it would be Conan's work was more than enough to make him reconsider.

"Maybe some other time," he consoled since it wasn't like he just happened to bring anything to the track meet.

"Okay," Owen pouted childishly, "I'm holding you to that."



They turned a corner and walked into his movie room. There was a wide screen like the ones you'd see in an actual theater, a popcorn machine in the corner with racks neatly containing an infinite amount of discs. Two grey couches were positioned in front of the screen.

"Stay here, I'm going to get some snacks," he instructed Conan who nodded, awkwardly sitting on the couch.

Owen shut the door behind him and went back downstairs to the kitchen to scour through the cabinets. He had three boxes of snacks in his arms when the front door opened. The loud creaking noise captured his attention as his eyes traveled to the entrance like a little kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar.

"Hello, Owen," his mother greeted him. His father was right behind her, slamming the door shut but didn't bother to acknowledge his son.

His mom, Debra, had always been a little nicer to him but it felt more out of obligation than love. She was always formal and polite which he supposed was better than being ignored like how his father, Arthur, treated him.

"Mother," he lightly bowed his head to her. It was a sign of respect that his parents demanded but he refused to do it to Arthur. He'd rather be hit than act like he was beneath the horrid man.

"How are you today?" she asked as she slipped off her fur coat. The question made Owen a little excited because she sounded like she was actually interested in his life, but the feeling was gone when she opened her mouth again. "Are you still involving yourself with baseball and such? Are your academics suffering because of it?"

His fists clenched. "I've never played baseball in my entire life. I play literally every sport except baseball."

except She slipped her silk gloves off despite the weather only being slightly cool by the time of night. "Avoiding the important question, I see," she said snottily.

"Don't talk to your mother like that." Arthur glared at Owen with his arms crossed.

He always acted like he was so much better than everyone else. It pissed Owen off more than imaginable.

"I answered her question," he spoke calmly, knowing it angered Arthur when he didn't get worked up. "Would you prefer I ignore her?"

"Don't start acting all smart with me, boy," he scoffed condescendingly, shaking his head.

"Arthur," Debra clasped her hand on her husband's back. "Don't mind him. He's just a teenager."

That was her pathetic attempt at defending her son. That's what she'd always say when she even bothered to speak up in the first place. 'He's just a teenager' 'you know how boys are' 'what else would you expect from a jock?'

'He's just a teenager' 'you know how boys are' 'what else would you expect from a jock?' "Teenager or not, I won't tolerate disrespect in this household." He pushed her touch away angrily.

"Where was the disrespect?" Owen questioned cluelessly. He didn't respect his father. Not one bit. But he hadn't done anything in that moment to prove the acclamation true.

"Arthur, please just leave it be," Debra begged as he grew more mad by the second.

"I'm tired of your shitty attitude, Owen James Wilson!" he yelled suddenly, "you're the only child we went wrong with and I don't know how you turned out so stupid next to your brothers and sisters, but it's fucking despicable!"

"And I'm tired of your shitty fucking parenting, Arthur!" he shouted back, peeved. "Not everyone is good at the same things! We all have different talents and just because I don't get straight A's like the rest of you doesn't mean I'm scum on the bottom of your shoe!"

Those were the words Conan had said to him earlier. What he said before the kissed they shared. The validation was enough to make him push away his doubt, give into his desire and kiss the boy like he'd been craving to.



He hoped to god Conan wasn't listening to them from upstairs.

"You think you're going to get anywhere in life by playing a sport?" Arthur snapped, "how are you going to support a family with no finances? I'm not going to supply you with funds the rest of your life just because you decided to be a dumb jock!"

sport?" Dumb jock. The same insult was always spewed his way and he was sick of it.

"If you even bothered to show up to a single one of my games then you'd be able to see that I'm not the dumb jock you make me out to be!" He slammed his fists down on the marble counter that threatened to break under his unrelenting grip. "If you just opened your brain for a second and stopped being so judgemental then you'd know that I actually have potential!"

dumb jock "I'm not making you out to be something you're not, Owen! This is who you've been your entire life and it's a worthless, screwed up, dumb jock !"

dumb jock Everyone has a breaking point. It's that place in your head that causes you to blow up when you've had enough. Some people are better at bottling it up at others, but eventually, it'll burst.

If you shake up a soda can enough, it'll explode when you open the cap.

That was Owen.

"Some fucking father you are!" he screamed at the top of his lungs, lunging at Arthur. "Maybe if you actually fucking loved me I wouldn't be so screwed up!"

Debra watched in horror as her son tackled her husband to the wooden floor. The two were similar in size because of their shared genetics, but since Owen was a 'dumb jock' he had more muscle on him and knew how to fight while his pampered father had never even thrown a single punch before.

"Get the hell off me!" he roared, scrambling around beneath his son who was burning with fiery rage.

"Please stop!" Debra cried, trying to pry Owen's hands off of Arthur but was stopped when Owen shoved her away from him. The harshness made her crash to the crowd a few feet away from them as she sobbed.

"Don't act like you're any better than him!" Owen barked. "You've never given a damn about me either!"

His curled up fist broke Arthur's nose with a sickening crack but that didn't stop him. "And don't you dare try to tell me I won't be able to support my family someday! I'm going to treat them so much better than you ever have us," he spat. "Even if I can't buy them a mansion or fancy cars or afford expensive trips, it doesn't matter. Because I'm going to support them with love."

love." He pushed himself off the floor, watching in satisfaction when his father scrambled away from him like a scared little girl.

"I'm cutting you off! For good!" Arthur screeched, "I never want you back in this house again!"

"I wasn't planning on coming back anyway. I don't need you or your damn money." He stomped over to the stairs. He was going to pack up his essentials and never look back.

"And by the way," his hard gaze trailed over his angry father and weeping mother but he didn't feel bad. His voice turned softer at the end of his sentence, "I came in first place during all of races during the track meet today."

He knew they didn't care, but he cared. He wanted them to know anyway. After all, it'd be the last they heard of him.

When he stormed up the stairs, Conan was standing there with gaping eyes and his jaw dropped to the floor. Owen was embarrassed, an emotion he wasn't very familiar with, knowing that he heard everything. It wasn't like they'd been quiet but he still felt ashamed at the fact that Conan saw him in such a vulnerable, humiliating position.

He was ready for Conan to laugh. Or maybe he'd think he was crazy and stop talking to him altogether. It wouldn't be surprising if the word spread around the whole school the next day. But no, he didn't do any of those things. He didn't say what Owen was expecting him to say.

"Do you need a place to stay?"





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 16: THE KISS OF A LIFETIME


16.

"Are you sure your mom won't mind?" Owen asked worriedly. The two sat in his car in Conan's driveway. It was dark outside and only the stars illuminated the sky, paving a pathway to the front door for them.

16. 16.

"Honestly?" She's going to be excited. She's been wanting me to hang out with people more often. Broadening my horizons and all that." He waved around awkwardly.

Lillian embarrassed the shit out of him sometimes. He would've just snuck Owen inside but if they got caught they'd think he was doing something wrong. He didn't want to deal with his parents fussing around and trying to give him "the talk" that they didn't understand themselves, being cisgender.

"Oh," Owen sighed. "In that case, let's go inside. I'm fucking exhausted."

The two walked toward the front door together. "Duncan's probably asleep by now but you're bound to see him eventually so just try to be like... civil or whatever," Conan requested.

Ah shit. He forgot about Duncan. "Will he?"

"Who knows." The shorter boy shrugged as he unlocked the door. "Probably. He's in enough trouble with our parents right now and I don't think he's looking to get in more."

Conan texted Lillian before they drove over to ask for permission if Owen could come over. He knew she'd say yes and be thrilled about it but wanted to ask anyway. And his theory proved to be correct when she was waiting in the kitchen that they had to walk by to get to his room.

She held a warm mug in her hands, sipping it to hide the smile on her face when the boys entered. "You must be Owen!" she greeted excitedly. "You can call me Lillian. I've heard lots about you." Her eyebrows wiggled suggestively and Conan wanted to die on the spot.

"Mom," he groaned, shooing her away. "Stop embarrassing me."

"Mom," "I didn't even do anything!" she feigned innocence.

"It's nice to meet you, Lillian." Owen laughed and held out his large hand to shake Lillian's much smaller one. "Thank you for letting me come over. I appreciate it a lot."

Suck up. Conan rolled his eyes as Owen pretended to be some saint child.

Suck up. "Of course! You're welcome over whenever you'd like," she swooned.

Owen's presence just tended to do that to people.

"We're going to sleep now." Conan tugged on his friend's bicep, pulling him away from his irritating mother.

"Sheesh. I was just trying to be friendly." She scoffed with a shake of her head. "Whatever, go get some sleep."

Owen was snickering as the brunette shoved him down the hall and into his room. He closed the door once they were both in, resting his back against the wood with an annoyed huff.

"So you talk about me, huh?" Owen grinned from ear to ear, looking down at Conan expectantly.

"She was just joking," Conan lied, blushing profusely.

He took a step toward Conan after setting the bag he packed on the floor. "It's okay. I'd talk about me too."

"I'll never be able to understand how your ego got so big," he laughed.

"With my dashing looks and sexy talent, it's kind of hard not to be." Owen smirked. He inched even closer to him, enjoying the way Conan grew tense at their close proximity.

"What the hell is sexy talent?" He would've chuckled if he weren't so distracted by Owen's warmth.

"Me," Owen answered casually. By now he was towering over the boy, biting his lip and watching to press them against his.



Conan's head only reached the middle of his chest because of their vast height difference. His wide doe eyes were gawking at him. "W-what are you doing?" he stuttered.

"I don't know what you're talking about." Owen's hand reached up to clasp Conan's cheek.

"Stop being a dick," he whined as Owen snickered. "You're touching me."

He raised a brow. "Is that not allowed?"

"It's allowed," Conan admitted meekly. "But being a dick isn't."

"I'm pretty known for twisting the rules." Owen ran his thumb over the boy's bottom lip that parted with his touch.

When it came to women, Owen was always bold since he was so confident in his looks and undeniable charm. But he wasn't like that with Conan before he was sure of his feelings for the boy. And after he finally did understand them, even then he wasn't completely himself. But now was different. Conan hadn't made any comments about his wealth, he hadn't asked any prying questions about what happened with his parents, he wasn't using him for his status.

Something so simple was actually complex in his mind. But it was just a fact- Conan liked Owen for Owen. That hadn't ever happened to him before.

So of course his broken heart was chasing after the only source of fulfillment he'd ever been offered.

Chasing after Conan.

"If I stop being a dick, can I kiss you again?"

Conan almost went into cardiac arrest at the blunt request.

"What?" he blinked, dumbfounded.

"Did I stutter?" Owen leaned down so that their faces were closer. "I asked if I can kiss you."

Conan's shaky palms rested against the dirty blonde's defined chest as his breathing grew rash. He was feeling a whirlwind of a million unfamiliar emotions at once and it made him lightheaded.

"Okay." His eyes dipped down to Owen's awaiting lips that didn't hesitate to meet his after he granted them permission.

His arms hooked around Owen's neck as Owen kissed him deeply. One hand was cupping his cheek while the other rested on his waist, squeezing every so often. Their bodies melted into one another as their cravings were fulfilled.

Lips moved against lips, fingers tangling through hair, dazed eyes sealed shut, hearts pounding, toes curling in pleasure. It was the kiss of a lifetime. The kind of kiss that felt so exhilarating that words couldn't even begin to describe it. The kind that books and movies couldn't let on. The kind that sent your nerves into overdrive as your body tingled from head to toe.

It was unforgettable.

It was perfect.

Their now bruised lips parted as their foreheads rested on the other, panting for air. Neither boy could calm their racing hearts- not like they even wanted to in the first place.

"Looks like I need to be a dick less often," Owen teased, smiling so widely it was painful.

"I second that," Conan heaved. His face had never been so red before.

"We should get some sleep," Owen said after a while. He really was exhausted after everything that happened, from the track meet to the fight with his parents to their mouthwatering kisses.

He nodded. "I'll sleep on the floor and you can take my bed."

Before Conan could even move, Owen was picking him up and tossing him onto his own bed. "Don't even try." He tutted, "I want to hold you."

How could Conan argue with that?

He watched as Owen gripped the back of his shirt collar and pulled it over his head. Luckily (depending on how you looked at it) he kept his shorts on before flipping the light switch off. But not before Conan got a good look at his toned abs and tan, flawless skin.

"Usually I sleep naked, but I don't want to make a bad first impression on your mom, so I'll spare you this once," Owen teased, crawling into Conan's bed.

Conan left his clothes on, knowing there was no way he was taking off anything in front of Owen. He didn't protest as he wrapped his arms around him from behind. Owen's bare chest pressed into his back as they spooned.

Conan had never felt so warm and fuzzy inside before. His family was always very affectionate growing up so hugging wasn't abnormal to him, but coming from someone he liked it was immensely different. Never had he spooned with something before.

But with Owen it was the opposite. He couldn't recall ever hugging any of his family besides Luke occasionally. Though he had his fair share of exes that he had been more than intimate with, but again, it felt different with Conan.

He wasn't gay but he knew this meant he wasn't straight either. He was still attracted to the female gender but none of them appealed to him specifically anymore and none of the girls he had been with made him feel the way Conan did. They couldn't even compare to him.

Owen's strong arm was secured around Conan's lower stomach as he held him. His chin rested atop of the smaller boy's head, his hair tickling the skin. Their breathing was soft and matched as they slowly inhaled and exhaled.

Conan felt safe. He felt safe for the first time in years as he cuddled up against the muscular boy.

Owen felt like a chunk of his heart that had been missing was finally restored. He felt completed for the first time in his entire life as he refused to ever let go of Conan.

He was the only good thing that had ever happened to him and he'd be a fool to let him slip away.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 17: KINDA SUS


17.

Slivers of the rising morning sun peeked through the window shield, illuminating Conan's sleeping face as he laid on his back with Owen's arm draped over his hip. The light made Owen's tan skin glow like honey in the midst of it all as he held onto the boy his heart had helplessly clung onto. The night had been eerily peaceful and neither of them had experienced such a rejuvenating slumber before.

17. 17.

"Mm, good morning," Owen mumbled into Conan's neck, relishing in the warmth his body provided.

Conan didn't respond and continued to slowly breathe in and out as he slept. Owen took the rare opportunity to truly appreciate how beautiful he looked.

His skin didn't have a single blemish on it and was soft to the touch. His long lashes rested upon his cheeks that were almost always naturally tinted a cute shade of pink. His dark hair was pushed away from his forehead in his sleep and the strands moved so smoothly through Owen's fingertips.

"I'm definitely not straight," Owen whispered to himself despite no one listening, running his thumb over Conan's bottom lip.

The arm secured around his hip tightened as the heavy feeling in his heart grew while watching Conan sleep. His palm was against his bare skin as his Conan's shirt had ridden up a bit over night. The flesh felt hot and Owen was soaked in such a strong urge to just protect the sleeping boy.

"I'm so glad we met." Owen placed a gentle kiss at the end of his jawline with a grin. "I know we haven't known each other that long, but I don't know what I'd do without you now."

And that was the truth. Conan had offered him so much happiness and validation that he didn't have previously. Without him being his beacon of hope- he didn't know how he'd survive anymore.

He sat up and stretched his arms, yawning. He ruffled Conan's hair and went to stand up but paused.

He hadn't noticed just how much Conan's shirt rode up as he was sleeping. His shirt was pushed up a lot further than Owen thought.

Far enough to see his scars.

Owen squinted and rubbed his eyes in confusion. He hadn't ever met someone who was trans before so he knew nothing about it and that explanation didn't even cross his mind.

He stared and walked around to his side of the bed. He inspected the scars, wondering what caused them. He'd have to remember to ask Conan later because his bladder reminded him that he needed to use the bathroom.

He opened Conan's door after putting his clothes on, careful so he didn't make too much noise and wake anyone up. Since they went to his house so late at night Owen wasn't told where the bathroom was but he'd already left Conan's room.

The jock awkwardly looked down the hallway. There were a few decorations up but they were sparse since the family had just moved. He looked at them all as he walked down the hall.

He wanted to find an embarrassing baby picture of Conan that he could bully him about later. But as he walked he realized that there were only pictures of the boy that looked really recent, though there were plenty pictures of Duncan as a child.

They were twins- that didn't make any sense. Why would his parents put pictures up of only one brother?

Owen remembered Conan talking about his poor relationship with his twin and how Duncan felt like they favored Conan over him. It didn't make any sense at all.

His own parents didn't have any pictures up of him but he knew Conan's family was a lot more loving than his just by meeting Lillian. He figured there'd be family portraits and photos all over the place of them.



He noted to ask Conan about that too.

"The fuck?" he heard a voice curse from behind him. "Wilson?"

Great. It was Duncan.

"Where's the bathroom?" Owen ignored him. It was too early to explain the situation and he wasn't too keen on Duncan knowing anyway. He seemed like the type to spread it around the whole school.

"That's all you have to say?" he gawked, "what the hell are you doing in my house?"

"Conan invited me to sleep over," he said casually, crossing his muscular arms over his chest and leaning his back against the wall. "Is that a problem?"

He scoffed, "uh, yeah. That's a big fucking problem."

"Sounds like a 'you' problem." Owen pushed himself off the wall. "Are you going to tell me where the bathroom is or not?"

"Yeah," he nodded. "You walk down this hall, take a left, walk through the kitchen and out the front door until you're back at your own damn house."

"Would you rather me piss on your bed? That could be arranged."

"Only if you want me to punch you in the throat," Duncan growled viciously.

"Please. Go ahead and try. See what happens." The blonde brushed past him. He'd just find it his damn self then.

He only took another three steps before bumping into Lillian. She was wearing a cream colored robe with bunny slippers on.

"Owen!" she cheered. "Good morning! How did you sleep? Are you hungry? Can I get you anything?"

Conan's bedroom door bursted open and he saw Lillian beaming up at Owen happily. He swore he couldn't leave that woman alone for two seconds.

"I'm alright, thank you," he laughed. "Can you tell me where the bathroom is though?"

"I'll take it from here!" Conan interrupted, grabbing Owen's bicep and tugging him away from his mother.

"How about pancakes? Do you like pancakes?" she asked. She obviously didn't care about Conan's embarrassment.

"This is why I don't invite people over," he grumbled to himself.

"No, you don't invite people over because you have no friends." Duncan snickered as he walked by.

Lillian whacked him on the side of his head. "Be nice to your brother! No pancakes for you," she huffed.

Duncan's eyes widened as his stomach grumbled loudly. "Wait- I take it back."

They continued to argue while Conan dragged Owen away who was laughing his ass off. "Come on, I wanna see how their argument ends!" he begged Conan.

"No way," he denied. "Don't you have to use the bathroom?"

"Oh yeah. Where is it?"

"It's connected to my room, you idiot." Conan shook his head while shoving Owen back into his room.

"Oops." He walked into that for nothing.

After using the bathroom and washing his hands he went back to see Conan sitting on his bed, scrolling through his phone. He smiled at the sight. Conan's brows were scrunched together slightly as his finger tapped on the screen.

Owen plopped down next to him. The mattress dipped under his weight. "Why are you looking at your phone like you've never seen technology before?" he laughed. He reached out to grasp Conan's chin in his hand, tilting his face up before using his thumb to smoothen the crease between his eyebrows.



"It's nothing," he mumbled. "Are you really hungry though? I can bring food back in here so we're alone if you want."

Owen was hungry but he was always hungry and wanted to ask Conan about the pictures and his scars before he forgot. He knew that if he didn't ask now then he'd completely forget about it in five minutes.

"Not right now, I wanted to ask you something."

"Oh," Conan swallowed thickly. "What did you want to ask?"

"What are those scars on your chest from?"

Conan hadn't felt such panic in his entire life.

There were two options in a situation like this: lie or be honest. Both choices sounded awful.

If he was honest then Owen would see him differently. He didn't know if the taller boy was transphobic or not since the topic had never come up before but he didn't really want to find out either. Though Owen didn't seem like the type to gossip, there was still the possibility of him telling someone and the word going around the school.

But lying wasn't good either. Owen was going to find out eventually whether it was on purpose or by accident. If they dated then he'd have to tell him on his own before they came across a situation where it wasn't optional. And plus he didn't want the blonde to be mad later when he found out he wasn't truthful with him.

Owen deserved to know, but Conan wasn't ready to tell him yet. So what was he supposed to do?

"What?" was his intelligent response.

"When you were asleep your shirt rode up a little." Owen had no idea how personal of a question he was asking. He sounded like he was asking something simple like his favorite color or movie. "What happened?"

"I- um- uh-"

A knock on the door saved him. His heart was beating rapidly as he yelled for the knocker to come in. He had to use the time to figure out what to say.

The door opened and Duncan looked over at the two sitting on Conan's bed. "I need your help with something."

Conan blinked, dumbfounded. Duncan never asked for help with anything. Especially not from him.

never "Alright," he glanced at Owen who was leaning against his headboard casually. "I'll be right back."

He left the room and shut the door behind him. He followed his brother until they were a decent amount of space away from his room.

"What is it?" Conan quizzed curiously.

"I need you to... um..." he trailed off several times, "to, uh, help me... untie my shoe."

Conan almost laughed. "You brought me out here to untie your shoe?"

"... Yeah."

He knew his brother was an idiot, but he didn't know he was that much of an idiot. "Well, where is it?"

that "Right. Hold on." He rushed to his room as Conan stood in the hallway, bewildered.

Duncan flung stuff out of his closet before grabbing a random shoe out from the bottom. He tossed it at Conan who caught it and held it, worried it might've been a bomb or something. That made more sense to him than what was actually happening.

He pulled the string and the laces came undone immediately.

"Um, is that all?" he asked Duncan who took the shoe back and threw it back into his messy closet.

"Yeah."

"Okay..." he drawled. He was confused beyond belief.

"I was just trying to help you, could you stop looking at me like that!" Duncan snapped all of a sudden.

Ah. There was his familiar hotheaded twin that he remembered.

"Asking me to untie your shoe is helping me? I'm sorry, did someone tackle you too hard during football practice or some shit?"

helping me? Duncan's lips were pulled into a tight line as he shoved Conan out of his room. "You know what? Forget it," he spat. "Next time I'll just let you get found out about."

Conan stood there with his mouth open after Duncan slammed the door shut. He blinked at the wood, trying to process what had just happened.

Was Duncan trying to buy him time?





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 18: A PRETTIER VIEW


18.

"You don't have to tell me if you don't want to," Owen assured Conan as they sat side by side on his bed.

18. 18.

After Duncan bought him some time, Conan stayed out of his room for half an hour as he panicked. Within all of that time he still came up with nothing. Being honest wasn't an option but he didn't want to lie to Owen either. He deserved better than lies.

"I didn't mean to make you upset," Owen murmured quietly. He felt like shit by the expression on Conan's face. He didn't know his question was invasive.

"It's alright," Conan's fingertips ran over Owen's forearm as he spoke meekly. "I don't really want to talk about it right now, but I will soon," he promised.

Owen was barely listening at that point, eyes focused on Conan touching him. "Mm, yeah," he hummed.

"Are you even listening to me?" Conan laughed and ceased his movements. Owen frowned at the lack of their proximity as the brunette created a few inches of distance between them.

"Yes," he gave a firm nod. "And I agree with you."

"It wasn't something- you know what- okay." Conan shook his head. At least that was the end of the conversation. For now at least.

"Do you want to go on a date with me?" Owen asked so quickly that he almost got whiplash. "There's only one correct answer, just so you know."

Conan gulped. He really wanted to go on a date with him? He was still baffled that Owen was remotely interested in him.

"I've never been on one of those before," he admitted shyly.

"You've never been on a date?" Owen repeated with his dark brows tightly knitted together.

Conan nodded with an embarrassed blush. What seventeen year old boy hasn't been on a date before? It was humiliating. The arcade they went to was kind of a date but not officially so it didn't really count.

Owen grinned fondly at his shyness. "Well I guess you're in for one hell of a date then."

"How are you so positive all the time?" Conan laughed as he wrapped his arms around him, the sound getting cut off when he was pulled into Owen's lap instead.

"How could I be sad when I'm with you?"

Conan's heart fluttered. "Don't be so cheesy." His hands rested on the blonde's shoulders, Owen's gripping his hips.

"But you seem to be enjoying it." He poked Conan's blushing cheek and his finger was swatted away. "So is that a yes?"

"Alright. I'll go on a date with you." He bit his lip, entranced by how close their bodies were together. Even after cuddling all night it still felt like electricity to touch him. "What are we going to do?"

Owen's cocky grin faltered. "Uhh... I hadn't planned it that far in advance yet," he said sheepishly.

"What happened to that 'one hell of a date' I was promised?" Conan teased, subconsciously leaning a little closer to him.

"Just give me a second," he squinted in thought. "Since you love me being cheesy, we could go on a picnic. I know a spot in the woods by a lake that's near a hiking trail."

love "I forgot you're outdoorsy and shit." Conan scrunched up his nose in distaste.

"Come on," Owen whined. "Just wait 'til you see it. It's really pretty."

"Fine," the brunette sighed, pretending to be annoyed. As long as he was with the taller boy he didn't give a damn what they were doing.

He cheered, pressing a kiss against Conan's forehead before they both got up. "Let's get ready then!"



Conan chuckled at Owen's childlike atmosphere. He shouldn't have found it nearly as endearing as he did.

But then the jock was tugging his shirt over his head, kicking his shorts off so he could change into a pair of clothes he brought in his duffel. Conan watched with wide, wandering eyes at the show. His abs were taut and his biceps flexed as he lifted his bag. His body was flawless- like it was sculpted by a god.

"Do you wanna take a picture?" Owen lifted his arm to purposely flex this time. "I'll wait for you to get your camera out if you want."

"Stop being an ass." Conan rolled his eyes, trying to ignore the strong attraction he had for the boy. "Just get dressed."

"You're no fun." He frowned but his lips drew back up into an evil smirk. "You're the one being all pervy, watching me change." His fingers hooked into the waistband of his boxers as he pulled them down so that he could change into new ones. And because it was fun seeing Conan's reaction.

His face was stark red. He made sure to turn around in time so that he didn't see anything as Owen snickered. "I-I'm changing in the bathroom now!" his voice cracked as he snatched some clothes off the dresser and scampered into his bathroom.

He could still hear laughter even after the door was shut. With a heavy sigh he changed into a new pair of clothes, doing other necessities until he was ready to go.

They had to be quiet to sneak past Lillian and Duncan but still managed to get out the door in time before driving to the lake, picking up food on the way to bring. It was a beautiful day outside with the sun shining yet not enough to be overly hot. The trees were a bright green color that highlighted the other aspects of the forest.

And the lake Owen was talking about was just as beautiful as he had bragged about in the car. The crystal clear water sparkled under the sunbeams and made the whole thing shine. It smelled like fresh pine and birds chirped from above.

"So, what do you think?" Owen asked as they sat on a patch of grass in front of the water.

"It's really pretty," Conan confessed, admiring the greenery.

"I would say you're prettier, but you might punch me." The blonde smirked, his arm snaking around Conan's hip.

"Smart thinking." He leaned into Owen's embrace.

The two of them chatted mindlessly, digging into their food and basking in the sun's warmth for a while. Neither of them had felt such happiness in a long time.

By then, the back of Conan's head was resting against Owen's chest who was holding him from behind, situated between the blonde's legs. Conan could feel the fast beat of his heart pulsing against his shoulder blade and it only proved to make his own speed up as well.

"This is the best date I've ever been on," Owen opened up as he rested his chin on top of the blushing boy's hair that tickled his skin. "I never thought I'd be on a date with another boy."

"Does that bother you?" he questioned softly. They hadn't really spoken much about Owen's sexuality and he wanted to know how he was feeling.

He thought about it for a moment. It didn't bother him per say, it was just new and confusion. He wasn't homophobic and thought the concept was stupid, but at the same time he knew nothing about it. He didn't know if he was gay or straight or bisexual but he knew he liked Conan. And if he happened to be another boy, so what?

"It doesn't bother me, it's just... different." He exhaled into his hair that smelled like lavender.

"Different?" he echoed.



"Yeah. I've only ever liked girls before so it's weird, but gender doesn't matter." he said thoughtfully, "I like you. That's what really matters."

Conan melted in his arms. That might've been the sweetest thing someone had ever said to him before. "I get what you mean. It's weird for me too but it doesn't bother me either."

Owen being another guy was the last thing on his mind. There were so many other worrisome factors and his own sexuality was near the bottom of the list.

"I was upset about it at first," he disclosed, "but that was because I knew my parents would go ballistic. Now I'd love to see their reaction, watching me with another guy."

"Have they always been like that?" Conan dared to ask. He knew it was a sore subject but it'd come up at some point anyway.

He snorted. "Have they always been homophobic or assholes?"

"Assholes." The smaller boy hated thinking about how his parents must've mistreated him over the years. It was apparent after listening to their fight. "They said a lot of horrible stuff when you were arguing. At least your dad did."

Owen sighed. "When I was really little everything was relatively normal. After I was old enough to go to school it was obvious that I was behind the other kids. They tried for a few years by getting tutors and extra help but gave up." He bit the inside of his cheek just thinking about it. "I just have a hard time focusing on stuff and no matter how many teachers they get me, that won't change."

"Is that why you like sports?" Conan quizzed, watching a crowd of fish swimming through the lake.

"Yeah. It's the only thing I can ever focus on." He pressed a chaste kiss against the back of Conan's neck. "But they think sports are just a waste of time and don't give a shit."

"You deserve better, you shouldn't have to deal with that," Conan spoke, angry at his parents for being so mean to someone like Owen who radiated with puppy dog energy.

"It's whatever," he hummed. "Your family seems nice. Well, your mom does at least. I don't know what went wrong with Duncan."

"Me neither." Conan grinned giddily when Owen pulled him up so that they were facing each other but still in his lap. "He's a whole ass train wreck."

His breath got caught in his throat when Owen's eyes flickered down toward his lips. The air between them always seemed to grow thick with tension whenever they were close. They couldn't seem to ever keep their hands off each other.

"You really are prettier than the view," Owen teased, leaning forward to nudge their noses together. "Cheesy or not, my statement stands true."

"If you keep making me blush then my face is going to explode," he warned which made laughter erupt from the jock's chest. "I mean it!"

"I can't help it. You look cute when you're all flustered."

"I don't think I'll look so cute when my fist breaks your nose." He raised his curled up knuckles threateningly.

Owen moved so that their lips were so close to connecting but just far enough to be separated. He was taunting him, giving him just enough to crave more but not nearly what they both yearned for. "Can I kiss you?"

Conan boldly sealed their lips, silently answering his request. He was tired of being bashful and shy. He wanted to be more assertive like Owen was.

Their hands roamed each other, the sound of their kiss enticing and erotic. They had a sense of fiery passion between them that was rare- the kind you couldn't let go of once you finally found it.

Kissing anyone else would now be bland in comparison. It would never be as good as it was with them.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

A/N

This is kinda how I'm picturing Owen and Conan :



A/N

This is kinda how I'm picturing Owen and Conan :

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 19: A GOOD GUY


19.

Two weeks passed by in a flash. Owen was still crashing at Conan's house but they were both equally happy about it- almost as happy as Lillian was. She immediately liked him and was already treating him like her own son despite Conan begging her to leave them be.

19. 19.

They started spending every moment they could together. Driving to school, walking each other to class, eating lunch, watching Owen at football practice before they drove back to Conan's house together. They were practically an old married couple by now and grew more comfortable with the other each day.

Though with that comfort also brought fear. Conan still hadn't told Owen about his secret and he knew it would come up soon. They weren't officially dating but if they were then he had to tell him. He already felt shitty enough for putting it off for so long.

had He was scared of how Owen would react. What if he was angry? What if he wouldn't want to be with him anymore? What if he told everyone and he got bullied again?

Just thinking about it made him nauseous.

Duncan continued to be pissed about Owen's residence at their house. He felt like his privacy was being invaded. He had the enemy living in his own home and it put him on edge all the time. He didn't understand why Owen was hanging out with his brother but didn't care enough to figure it out.

And Cailey. Conan hadn't talked to her much ever since the day she kicked his brother in the nuts at that restaurant. It wasn't like she didn't try to, Conan just fled whenever she was near.

It was obvious she knew. He didn't know how to deal with that.

"Something on your mind?" Owen asked with a mouthful of cheesy pizza, sitting across from Conan at the cafeteria table. "You're being awfully quiet."

"Yeah, I'm just tired," he lied straight through his teeth.

Owen swallowed the rest of the food in his mouth. "Are you sure? You know you can talk to me about that kinda stuff."

"I wonder what kept you up all night." Gavin smirked suggestively as he sat down next to Owen who elbowed him in the gut. "Hey!"

"Stop talking." the blonde warned, giving his friend a look that told him he was serious.

"I was doing homework," Conan lied again with a blush painting his cheeks. He couldn't sleep because of his worried mind though, not because of what Gavin was poking at.

That topic made him even more nervous. Owen was just finally coming to terms with the fact that he liked a boy and once he found out that Conan wasn't cisgender, he'd be even more confused. It wouldn't be Owen's fault for not understanding everything at first but that didn't mean it wouldn't hurt if he accidentally said the wrong thing.

"Was it anatomy hom- ouch!"

Owen kicked Gavin's shin from under the table and that shut him right up.

"You two have a really weird friendship," Conan laughed as they glared at each other. Weren't friends supposed to get along?

"It's his fault," Gavin complained. "He's the one that keeps being mean!"

"And you're the one that keeps being annoying," Owen deadpanned.

"You're just proving my point." Gavin scoffed, biting into his own slice of pizza he bought.

"And you're just proving mine!" Owen shot back.

Conan watched them bicker, trying not to laugh. He found their odd relationship endearing because it brought out the four-year-old little boy aspect of Owen's personality.



He was pulled out of the rare happy moment from a tap on his shoulder. "Hey, do you have a second?"

His lungs malfunctioned when Cailey was standing behind him. He didn't want to talk to her but Owen and Gavin weren't paying any attention as the blonde slapped him across the face with the remaining half of his greasy pizza. They couldn't save him- not like he even mentioned the problem to either boy in the first place.

He had no choice. He had to talk to her.

"Yeah," he said shakily, "what's up?"

"Can we go somewhere, um, private?" She looked at Gavin (who was now covered in pizza grease) and Owen laughing his ass off wearily.

"Alright," he hesitantly agreed and stood up. "I'll be right back," he told the two jocks who weren't paying any attention.

Conan shook his head at their immaturity. It was cute but mildly irritating at times. Mostly cute, but only when Owen was the one doing it.

"You've been pretty distant lately," Cailey started off with as they walked through the cafeteria entrance.

"I've been busy." He shrugged casually. It wasn't a lie, him and Owen were constantly doing things together so he didn't have much time for anything else.

"Is it because of what happened in the restaurant?" she asked bluntly, making Conan's stomach drop.

"I don't know what you're talking about," he mumbled quietly. Their footsteps clicked against the hallway floor that was empty except for them since everyone was at lunch or in class.

Cailey sighed and stopped. She grasped Conan's arm who stilled uncomfortably. "I won't tell anyone, you know that, right?"

He felt lightheaded, his knees weak under his weight. He blinked at her for a second in utter silence, not knowing what to say. So many thoughts were racing through his buzzing mind but not a single word slipped past his parted lips.

"I have some friends that are..." she looked left and right to make sure no one else was around to hear.

"Thanks," he cut her off quickly. He couldn't bear to hear her say the words out loud.

He hated what he was, what he is . It was shameful, disgusting- it ruined his life. He didn't want to reconnect with that part of himself again. He didn't know if he'd be able to survive it again if he did.

is "Does anyone else know?" Cailey asked, her voice calm and patient. She could sense the pain and fear Conan was trying to conceal.

It wasn't well hidden but considering what he'd been through, that was kind of a given.

"No." He stared at his shoes so he didn't have to look at her.

"You shouldn't have to tell anyone, it's no one else's business- I guess that's kind of hypocritical of me to say." She laughed awkwardly. "But I just wanted you to know that... that I'm here for you. I want to make sure that you're safe because if the word gets out now then it'd be so much worse than if you were open about it in the beginning."

"I know." He kept his head down in shame. "I just wanted to feel normal for once."

Her face held a look of pity that Conan refused to see. "Is that the reason you moved?"

He sighed, "yeah."

"And that's why Duncan has been such a dick to you." She started connecting the dots in her own head. "Wow, what a fucking dick. You're his own brother for fuck's sake."

Brother. The word still make pride swell in his chest. It had nothing to do with Duncan, it just made all of those years of being called his sister hurt less.

Brother.

Growing up, Conan was a tomboy. He always hung out with boys, he liked playing with trucks, he loved sports and action figures. He never touched the dolls or dresses his family would buy him. Everyone just assumed it was a phase that he'd grow out of with time, but he never did.

The few girls he did talk to would wear bikinis while he refused to go swimming unless he had shorts and a swim shirt. People guessed that it was just a regular teenage girl insecurity thing and so they'd reassure him that he was beautiful just the way he is, but that only made it worse.

He didn't want to be beautiful. He wanted to play outside in the mud with the other boys and live his life unseen.

For so many years he was left in the dark. He didn't know what being transgender was or what it meant. He just felt a deep sadness in his core all the time that he couldn't quite understand. It was like this constant itch that he was desperate to scratch but never able to reach.

When middle school came around, people started to hit puberty. That was the beginning of his suffering. His body was changing in ways that he didn't want it changing yet he could do nothing about it. He was forced to endure it and pretend he was okay. The other tomboys began to develop more female considered tendencies but not Conan. Conan didn't start painting his nails, wearing makeup, buying girly clothes. Other kids started to make fun of him for being different and eventually began to get called a dyke.

He only bought clothes that were oversized and he had his hair cut to his shoulders but always wore it in a ponytail. Every day he would come to school in a pair of basketball shorts, scuffed up sneakers and a baggy hoodie.

He just wanted to be invisible. It shouldn't have been so hard to just blend in.

But it was. It was so fucking hard.

so He remembered the day he was scrolling through Instagram and came across a celebrity that was transgender. It was confusing at first and he didn't understand it, so he went to google. That was the most relieving day of his life.

Little did he know it would only get worse from there.

He searched the internet from hours and learned more about what being trans meant. It was like he found the key to a hidden treasure chest, all of his suffering finally had an answer. He finally knew why he felt so different.

His family wasn't surprised when he came out since he was never a feminine child. Duncan was the other one who was weird about it. He wanted his sister, not a brother. Though he didn't dare to say that and kept a smile on his face.

But he didn't have to. Conan could tell anyway.

He didn't expect coming out at school to be full of rainbows and unicorns but he didn't expect as much backlash as he got. He was the talk of the school, the gossip on everyone's tongue, the center of attention. Wherever he went all eyes were on him. He despised it.

He finally got his first haircut at the barber's shop, then he went to a clothing store with Lillian and bought so many things from the boy's section. She brought him out to buy cologne, boys shoes, all the things he had been craving but never knew why.

The next step was to take him to an endocrinologist so that he could begin his medical transition. After lots of therapy and doctor visits, they decided that starting testosterone injections was the right step for him.

His voice started cracking for a few months before dropping and though he still wished it was deeper, he loved the sound. It was so much better than before. He started to grow more body hair and began shaving every few days. The weight distribution on him differed too. The fat carried to different places to resemble more of a cisgender man. His jawline was more define, his brows thickened, his face evened out, his hips less curvy, his shoulders broadened.

He finally looked like the boy he was meant to be.

He couldn't change some things though. He couldn't change being short or his soft features. Testosterone helped made him look more masculine but you can't change your genetics. The slight curve of his hips, thin frame and short legs made him upset but he was grateful for the progress he was able to make.

Not many people could pass as cisgender even after medically transitioning all the way. But Conan hadn't been misgendered (at least by no one who already knew he's trans) in a year.

The day he got top surgery was easily the best day of his life. It was painful and long and nerve wracking but none of that mattered. He finally had a flat chest, he was one step closer to being 'normal' like he so much desired.

Life would never be easy for him, but it would get better.

better. With each day the pain would lessen a little bit more and more. Some days were harder than the rest and sometimes the struggle didn't even feel worth it anymore. But he figured that if he already endured all of the pain he had, would he really make it all for nothing?

"I've noticed you and Owen have gotten a lot closer recently. Does he know?" Cailey asked suddenly and Conan's stomach twisted in pain yet again.

"Not yet," he sighed sadly. "I need to tell him but... I just don't know how. I don't want anyone knowing."

"Don't do anything you're not comfortable with." She patted his shoulder comfortingly, "Owen's a good guy. He might not be the sharpest tool in the shed, but he's still a good person. Even if he doesn't understand at first, if he really cares for you, he'll learn to."

Conan looked finally looked into Cailey's eyes that were searching for a way to soothe his pain. He hated being vulnerable, but he felt safe with her. If someone did have to know, he was glad it was Cailey.

"I really fucking hope you're right."





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 20: JEALOUSY


20.

"Owen," Cailey sighed in exasperation as he, Conan and her walked through Conan's front door. "How many times do I have to tell you? I'm a lesbian- I'm not going out with Gavin no matter how many times you ask. And I have a girlfriend!"

20. 20.

"Okay, okay." Owen raised his hands up in defeat. "I'm just trying to look out for my bro. He thinks you're cute."

Conan kicked his shoes off after locking the door behind them, attempting not to laugh at their small argument. He found that the blonde tended to engage in playful bicker with just about everyone.

"I don't give a rat's ass what he thinks," she rolled her eyes. "I. Am. Gay." She harshly pronunciated each syllable while Owen held in his amusement.

"Owen, leave her alone," Conan chuckled, sitting down on the couch next to him as they all walked into the living room. He was used to being close to him in the comfort of his own home when no one else was around. If Duncan saw he'd tell everyone, if Lillian saw then Conan would never live it down.

He subconciously leaned into Owen, their shoulders bumping with their thighs pressed against each other. He didn't realize what he was doing until Cailey squealed and 'aww'ed at them.

"Are you guys dating now?" she asked with wide, excited eyes.

Conan wasn't phased by his newfound sexuality anymore, but Owen was still foreign to the LGBT community so it was harder for him to adjust. He glanced at Conan nervously. He wasn't sure if he was ready for people to know about them- they didn't even know what they were themselves just yet. But if Conan wanted it to be public then he didn't have the heart to deny him of that.

He also didn't want to look like a wimp, but it was mostly out of affection.

"Cailey," Conan hissed, blushing furiously. "You can't just say that!"

She looked at him innocently. "Why not? Come on, it's just me." She pouted.

Conan gave Owen a hesitant glance. He wasn't sure how the jock was planning on proceeding with whatever was going on between them. He wanted more but was too scared to say so on his own.

Unlike Owen, he had accepted that he was a complete wimp.

"There's nothing official going on yet." Owen said casually, surprising the both of them, "yet."

An overwhelming giddy feeling was bouncing around in the brunette's gut. Did Owen really want to be his boyfriend someday?

"You guys are so damn cute!" Cailey smiled at the two boys dreamily. Owen was trying to act confident and cool but it was obvious how nervous he was while Conan welcomed the feeling with open arms.

"Do you really mean that?" Conan quietly mumbled to Owen, bumping their knees together to get his attention.

Owen grinned at him with fondness swimming in the depths of his dilated eyes. "What do you think we've been doing this whole time?"

"This is the cutest shit I've ever seen," Cailey gushed, resting her chin on her knuckles as she watched the two boys have their romantic moment.

"And you just ruined it." Owen shot her a fake glare.

He didn't actually care. He was too happy to feel anything other than rainbows and sunshine.

Conan coming to terms with his gender, the itch he scratched by transitioning- it was a similar feeling for Owen. It didn't run as deep, but it still felt like he found the final piece of a puzzle. Everything clicked into place now.

Duncan stood outside of the living room, hidden by the wall division. They couldn't see each other but he could hear them. He heard everything.

"Owen's a faggot?" he muttered to himself in disbelief. The words felt foreign on his tongue.



There was no way he heard them right. There was no way Owen Wilson could be gay. But it made sense why the jock had been spending so much time with his brother.

Owen Wilson His own puzzle was finally solved, but his didn't feel as satisfying. It left a bitter taste in his mouth.

"Are they here yet?" Tara whispered from behind Duncan, following him out of his room a few minutes after he left. "Is Owen out there?"

Duncan slowly nodded, still in a daze. "Yeah. He's out there with my si- brother. My brother," he corrected nervously. "And some other random chick."

brother," Tara barely paid attention and didn't notice his mistake. She poked her head around the corner to find her ex.

She had a plan, a plan to get him back. Her ego wouldn't allow her to admit she was wrong or apologize. Therefor she had to make him go back to her all on his own. She didn't think it would take so long or that she'd have to put in any work at all. But weeks had gone by and she hadn't heard a word from him.

That meant it was time to take matters into her own hands.

"So we just walk out together and act all touchy?" Duncan questioned in a hushed voice.

"Touchy isn't enough," she scoffed. "The point is to make him jealous. You can do that, can't you?"

"Yes," he deadpanned with his jaw clenched. He felt defensive, like he had to prove his worth. That he was better than Owen. "Yes I can do that."

The plan worked out for the both of them. Tara would have her boyfriend come crawling back to her while Duncan could piss him off. They both benefited from it.

Conan was cuddling into Owen's side as Duncan and Tara suddenly strolled in. He immediately jumped ten feet into the air, back bumping against the armrest and making him crash onto his knees. The contact with the harsh wood hurt like a bitch but the adrenaline blocked it out.

"Tara?" Owen said stupidly, blinking a few times to make sure he wasn't seeing things.

He wasn't.

"Owen?" she repeated innocently, fingers intertwined with Duncan's who had the biggest smirk on his face. "What are you doing here?"

"I'm... I'm hanging out with Conan." His palms started to sweat and his clothes felt tight.

He didn't have romantic feelings for her anymore. Not like he used to. But having her pop up without any notice, holding hands with another guy, and Duncan of all people, made him feel a gross emotion that he couldn't pinpoint. He wasn't jealous, he just felt uncomfortable.

"I'm hanging out with Duncan." She brushed her blonde locks over her shoulder. "My boyfriend."

"Boyfriend?" Conan was the first to speak, face burning red when he realized what he had said.

"Is there a problem with that?" Duncan butted in, sparing his twin a harsh look.

So much for being nicer.

"Nah," Owen shrugged and leaned back on the couch.

Tara was taken aback at how unbothered he was. "Nah?" she mimicked.

"I'm glad you moved on. I'm happy for you." Owen rested his elbows on his knees and relished in her shock.

Maybe he couldn't do geometry, but he was fluent in the female language. He knew what she was trying to do and he wouldn't grant Tara nor Duncan the satisfaction of getting a reaction out of him.

"Happy for me." She plastered on an obviously fake smile on her face. "Right."

"What the fuck is going on right now?" Cailey was bewildered, eyes darting between everyone's reactions.

Owen looked like he didn't have a care in the world, Conan was confused with his brows drawn tightly together, Tara was furious but pretending she didn't care, and Duncan's cocky expression changed to pissed in a matter of seconds though he stayed silent.

Everyone was glaring at each other and none of them had been so uncomfortable in their entire lives before. The tension in the air was suffocating.

"Well, we're going to my room now," Conan rushed out, clambering onto his feet so quickly he almost stumbled over.

Owen bit the inside of his cheek to keep from smiling. Conan was being adorable and seeing Tara angry filled him with pride. Seeing Duncan mad was even more fulfilling.

"I second that." Cailey hopped up.

"Why don't we all go do something fun together?" Tara pleaded, willing herself to act as collected as Owen seemed to be.

It wasn't working very well.

Duncan scoffed, "I think the fuck not."

She kicked him in the shin and he let go of her hand to clutch the spot with a yelp. "Owen?" She batted her long lashes at him. "What do you say?"

She was used to the boy being wrapped around her finger. He would do just about anything and everything she asked of him. So when he turned her down, she was baffled.

"Like I said, I'm hanging out with Conan." He too stood up and flashed his shiny white teeth at the two of them. "And I don't have any interest in being around either of you."

"Damn!" Cailey whistled, quietening down when she read the room. Now was not the time.

Tara's glossy lips were parted in shock while Duncan's fists were shaking at his sides. Owen confidently grabbed Conan's wrist and nodded toward his room. "C'mon, let's go."

The two of them walked out of the living room, leaving Cailey with Duncan and Tara who turned to her as if she had something to say. "Um, well... it was... nice?" She was silently screaming inside. "Uh, bye then!" She raced after the two boys who she was ready to kill.

"What the hell was that?" Duncan spat at Tara who felt empty inside.

"He was supposed to get jealous," she murmured softly, "why wasn't he jealous?"

Duncan's rage simmered at the question. Tara hadn't heard what he heard before, about Conan and Owen getting together. He now knew why he wasn't jealous. But she didn't.

He didn't know her well enough to know how she'd react. Though he wasn't the best brother out there, he felt the urge to keep it a secret. He didn't know why he didn't tell her. It would be perfect revenge on Owen, he'd ruin his reputation, his image, his everything. It was exactly the thing he was looking for.

He looked into Tara's eyes that were on the verge of watering. "Does he not love me anymore?" she choked out. "Do you think he's found someone to replace me?"

Duncan swallowed, muscles tense as he opened his mouth. "No, I think we should just try harder."

She nodded with a huff, wiping her eyes with her sleeve and sniffling. "You're right. We just need a different plan, something better."

He looked down at the girl and hid his uncertainty, all of the confusing feelings swirling inside him. "Right."





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

A/N

What do you guys think of the story so far?



A/N

What do you guys think of the story so far?





CHAPTER 21: BACKING DOWN


21.

"Why are we having a family dinner?" Luke questioned Debra as she neatly folded a cloth napkin on her lap. "We've never done this before."

21. 21.

"We just want to spend some quality family time together," Debra answered.

A maid placed a steaming platter of steak on the center of the table. Assortments of delicious looking hors d'oeuvres lined up along with the other main dishes, the decorations fancy and gorgeous. All of Owen's siblings sat on either side along with his parents, but no Owen.

But all brothers and sisters were baffled at what was going on. Luke, Violeta, Elizabeth, Harrison, Jude. They'd never had any 'quality family time' before. The sudden change of heart didn't make any sense.

"Are you sure it doesn't have anything to do with you kicking Owen out?" Luke said back bitterly. "It's been weeks, mother. When is he coming back?"

"He left on his own accord," Arthur stepped in angrily. "We've done enough for that boy and he doesn't appreciate a moment of it."

"We overheard your conversation," Violeta looked at Luke sympathetically. "We're all aware that you kicked him out."

Debra held in the tears that wanted to spill down her face. "He'll come back when he's ready, children. Must we ruin our precious time together now?"

"I don't want him back," Arthur sneered at his wife, "not until he starts showing some respect around here."

"Owen's done nothing wrong, he's just not like the rest of us," Harrison pointed out.

"He's been disrespecting father ever since day one," Jude argued. "Maybe he isn't the sharpest tool in the shed, but that doesn't allow him to be so unmannered."

Luke stared down at his plate with a frown as his family bickered. Now he understood why they never did anything together.

All they ever did was fight and fight, mostly about Owen. None of them understood the jock since he was so unlike the rest of them. Luke was the only one who wasn't so overly formal, but none of them knew that because he remained quiet. He didn't want to be the center of every conversation the way Owen always was.

He pitied his brother and thought highly of him, much higher than the rest of his siblings.

Owen didn't submit to every order from Arthur and Debra. He was assertive and stood his ground. He didn't give up on his passion despite all the backlash he got for it.

Luke aspired to be that way while the rest of them berated Owen for it. They acted like he was beneath them.

"He doesn't belong with the rest of us. You know his foolish behavior just creates chaos." Elizabeth stabbed her steak with her fork as she cut into the meat. "It's a good thing he's gone."

"Now the buffoon won't disrupt us anymore," Jude concurred.

Violeta sighed. "He's just trying his best. Can't you empathize with him?"

"That boy isn't trying at all!" Arthur's fists slammed down on the table and made all of the items on it shake. "The rest of you do your very best. If he won't do the same then he isn't welcome here anymore."

"Arthur, please," Debra bit her tongue when he glared at her, silently demanding her to hold in her opinion.

"I don't want to hear another word about that mutt," he spat. "Are we clear?"

Elizabeth, Harrison, Violeta and Jude all mumbled their apologies, but not Luke. He was fed up, sick and tired of the way they were acting.

He sat up just like Arthur, fists hitting the silk tablecloth but not as aggressively. "You say Owen's disrespectful, but then you call him names and speak down to him," Luke's words came out soft but grew harsher as he went out. "We're supposed to be a family but live in a hierarchy full of hatred. We all share flesh and blood, we've all grown up together. Why must you treat him so poorly?"



Tears were freely pouring down his face, his pent up emotions exploding similarly to Owen's the night he left. Luke was never directed berated but it was always an invisible punch in the gut when the Wilsons were so vain, so heartless.

"You have three seconds to sit down, Luke." Arthur's breathing came out unsteady as he filled with undeniable rage. "Unless you want to get thrown out on the streets too."

No one said anything. Not one single person stuck up for him. Not Harrison, not Jude, not Elizabeth, not Violeta, not even his own mother. It was silent.

If Owen was there, he would've stuck up for him.

"One," Arthur hissed as he started counting to three.

Luke's vision was blurry and his heart was thumping in his chest. He wanted to get up so badly, to storm out just as his brother had. But Owen was confident, he was sure of himself and older and so much braver than Luke.

So despite how much it hurt inside, he hesitantly lowered himself back into his seat.

-

Debra spent the rest of the evening contacting everyone she knew who had any correlation with Owen. She wasn't close with him since he was getting older, so she could barely think of anyone to call. There were his teachers, his guidance counselor, maybe some friends from primary school?

After going through ten different people, she finally remembered someone. Owen's girlfriend.

Her name was something like Taylor, or maybe it was Tanya? It didn't matter. She scoured through social media until she finally laid eyes upon the familiar face.

They had met before but Debra never forgot a face. It had to be her.

-

It was late at night. Owen held Conan's sleeping form in his arms. He was having trouble falling asleep himself but he didn't know why.

He ran his calloused hands through the brunette's fluffy hair and smiled. Owen thought Conan always looked so adorable when he was like this as he hugged him impossibly closer.

Sleep was at his fingertips when his phone buzzed from beside him, waking him up again. He reached over with a groan and looked at the screen, squinting his eyes at the bright light in the dark room.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Stop making me feel guilty, asshole," he grumbled to himself.

"Owen?" Conan sat up and rubbed his eyes. "Who are you talking to?"

He hesitantly passed his phone to Conan who read the conversation with a frown. "My mom won't mind him staying here," he murmured quietly.

"I can't ask you to do that," Owen declined. "Me being here is already enough."

Conan pouted at him childishly. "But I like you staying here." He leaned forward to cuddle into the blonde's firm chest. "You already know how eager my mom is to help people. She already feels like she owes you some kind of reward for hanging out with me anyway," he snorted.

"A reward?" he repeated in confusion.

Conan nodded. "You're the first real friend I've had in a long time."

"Did I just get friend-zoned?" Owen ridiculed.

"Oh please," he rolled his eyes, "you friend-zoned yourself."

"I recall no such thing." The jock cupped the side of Conan's face with a leisurely grin.

"You should really get your memory checked then." Conan melted as his lips connected with Owen's briefly, "because you never asked me out."

Another few weeks had buzzed past since the incident with Tara showing up. The days were flowing by smoothly without any commotions in between. Every day they grew closer but had yet to seal the deal.

Owen gently kissed Conan, savoring the tender moment and sweet taste. Their hands glided all over each other as passion sizzled through their veins.

"Mm," Owen hummed against the brunette's lips, "is that what you want then? To be my boyfriend?"

"Do you want me to want you to be my boyfriend?" Conan asked shyly, his timid demeanor returning at the question.

"Of course I do, you rat." Owen kissed his nose that Conan scrunched up cutely at the contact. "Be my boyfriend."

"I don't know. That sounds like more of a demand than a request," he drawled, teasing the blonde.

"Oh really? You're playing that game now?" he scoffed.

Owen's playful tone disappeared when Conan buried his face in his neck and hugged him tightly. "I'm just kidding," he whispered. "Of course I'll be your boyfriend."

The two laid back down, covering their bodies with the duvet and cuddling together. Their limbs intertwined with gentle breathing lulling each other to a deep slumber.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

A/N

What do you guys think of Luke, his other siblings and Debra?



A/N

What do you guys think of Luke, his other siblings and Debra?





CHAPTER 22: A HARD TRANSITION


22.

"That's it," Lillian smiled, "you're all set now. Let me know if you need anything."

22. 22.

After Owen texted Luke some more, they decided that he'd pick him up the following night so that he had time to pack his things. Conan asked Lillian who agreed to look after him in a heartbeat. She didn't want to pry, but at the same time she did want to know what was going on and if something was seriously wrong so that she could help.

Her, Owen, Luke and Conan all stood in the guest bedroom that he was going to be staying in.

"I'll drive you to school with us tomorrow," Owen promised Luke. "If you have a nightmare or something then just come get me."

Luke gave him an exasperated look. "Owen," he sighed, "I'm fifteen years old. Stop treating me like a baby."

Owen went to argue but Conan placed a hand on his shoulder. "Leave him alone. Let's all go get some sleep," he tried.

The blonde got up with a huff. "I'll see you in the morning," he told his brother.

The three of them walked out of the guest room and shut the door behind them. It had been an exhausting day for everyone. Lillian spent the whole day cleaning the house to prepare for Luke's arrival, Owen was worrying constantly while Conan had to calm his nerves every three seconds.

"Thank you again for letting him stay here," Owen thanked her graciously. He wasn't used to being around a good parental figure and it was baffling how loving she is.

"Of course!" She enveloped him in a tight hug and the sight was almost comical. The tiny woman had her frail arms secured around the well-built football star that was double her size in height and width. "If you ever need anything just tell me. I'm really grateful Conan has a boyf- I mean friend! That he has a friend to talk to now!"

friend Conan choked on his breath. "Were you about to say boyfriend?"

She went to deny it but knew it'd be no use. Her slip up was obvious and there was no going back.

She'd been waiting for Conan to tell her about their relationship on his own terms. Owen didn't strike her as the type to be open about his sexuality if he wasn't straight and didn't want to make him uncomfortable. Although she did hope that no one at school had noticed how close they were getting. It was apparent that the two were much closer than just friends to anyone who had eyes.

"Maybe," she admitted quietly.

"How did you know?" Owen pulled away from her hug that he enjoyed a little too much since Lillian was replacing Debra's absence in his life. "Is it that obvious?" he questioned.

"Well..." she trailed off with a guilty expression. "A tad bit."

"How?" Conan's brows were furrowed as he spoke, "we've been so discreet about our relationship!"

Luke's door popped open and the boy appeared with a giddy grin. "I knew it!" he exclaimed. "I knew you guys were dating!"

"You too?" Owen spluttered. "How did you know?"

"You've been sleeping in his room when there's one for guests, and you always find a way to bring him into our conversations whenever we talk."

"Don't forget the look they get in their eyes when they see each other," Lillian added. "You know the one."

Conan groaned. "I'm going to sleep."

The three of them laughed as he dashed into his room to escape the embarassment.

"I'm so glad he finally has someone he cares about," Lillian sighed happily. "He's been through a lot recently with the transition and all that. Thank you for accepting him," she said.



"Transition?" Owen repeated in confusion.

Her eyes widened, realizing that Conan still hadn't told him yet. She assumed that since they were officially dating that he would've told Owen by now. It wasn't safe or fair to keep it from him for this long.

Worries swam through her veins at the thought. What would happen when he did find out and wasn't accepting? It would break Conan. He would be devestated. He shouldn't have waited so long.

"The transition between Texas and Massachusetts," Duncan cleared his throat, leaning against his door that had suddenly opened. "It's been a hard move for all of us."

"Oh," Owen nodded, not questioning it. "Of course"

"Well let's all get settled into bed then!" Lillian chuckled nervously, overly eager. "I'll see you boys tomorrow morning for breakfast."

They all parted into their own rooms and Owen grinned when he saw Conan wearing one of his shirts. It looked enormous on him and he loved it. Seeing the brunette in his clothes gave him an odd since of pride and satisfaction.

"Hey," he said softly and pressed a kiss into Conan's hair, "I didn't know the transition was so hard for you."

Conan dropped his phone that he had in his hand and was seconds away from having a panic attack. "What did you just say?"

"The transition," he repeated casyally as he changed into pajamas. "Duncan just told me how hard it was for all of you. I had no idea."

Conan sat on his bed, bewildered as his boyfriend continued to chatter away mindlessly. Did Duncan really just tell him? And was Owen actually okay with it? Why was he being so nonchalant about it?

tell "You're really okay with it?" he cut Owen off, voice timid and broken. "Are you sure?"

"Um, yeah?" the blonde blinked at him, taken aback by the sudden shift in emotion. "Why wouldn't I be?"

He shrugged. "Some people are weird about it. I'd get it if you didn't want to be with me anymore because of it, I wouldn't be mad."

It was the truth. Conan wouldn't be mad- he'd be heartbroken.

He couldn't blame Owen if he didn't want to be with someone like him. In his eyes, it was just a boatload of baggage that no one would be willing to carry. It was a huge deal to him, probably a bigger deal than it would be to other people.

For people with gender dysphoria, it hurt a lot to get misgendered, for people to fit you inside this category you didn't belong in and refuse to accept you in the right one. But what hurt the most was that he was a big part of his own suffering.

He fit himself in the wrong category. It was hard to explain, but he worried so much about how other people viewed him that he started viewing himself in all the wrong ways. He treated himself like he was different, like he was undeserving of the treatment cisgender people got, like he was lesser because of something he couldn't control. Maybe other people could be cruel, but they'd never amount to how cruel his subconcious was to his own mind.

"Why would I give a shit about that?" Owen's heart dropped when he saw the tears in Conan's eyes, scared he did or said something wrong.

Conan leaped off of the bed and into the jock's arms. He was full of relief and happiness was swelling in his chest. He didn't think Owen would react like this. Maybe he wouldn't throw a fit and yell, but Conan doubted he wouldn't at least started asking a bunch of questions out of curiosity. It wasn't something one normally takes lightly.

"Thank you so much," he whispered as he squeezed the blonde as hard as he could.

Owen hesitantly hugged him back. "Uh, sure thing?" he spoke unsurely.

Conan was now full on crying. He sobbed into the confused blonde's arms and held onto him as if he were afraid Owen would disappear if he let go.

———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 23: MOTHERLY


23.

After realizing that Luke had left too, Debra couldn't take it anymore. Fed up and sick of their broken family, she decided to finally confront Owen.

23. 23.

She wasn't looking forward to it because she didn't have a clue what to say or how to apologize. The way she raised her children was the same way she herself was raised. It was the only method she was familiar with.

Deep down she knew it wasn't right but she never did anything about it. It was time to change that. So after talking to Tara who gave her the address, she finally approached Conan's house.

It was a moderate house, not too big nor too small, but it was microscopic compared to her own mansion. The pathway felt odd as she walked up the gravel, tiny pebbles sticking to the bottom of her expensive heels. Her finger pressed the doorbell before waiting for it to open.

"Hello!" Lillian opened the door cheerily, smiling at the woman she didn't know.

"Hello to you as well," Debra repeated, clearing her throat. "I'm looking for my two sons. Owen and Luke. Owen's girlfriend told me this was their temporary residence for the time being."

"Owen has a girlfriend?" Lillian didn't hear anything else Debra said, focused on the one sentence. Nerves bubbles up in her stomach, along with anger. Was Owen just toying with Conan?

When Debra called Tara, she never mentioned the fact that they broke up. In Tara's eyes they hadn't. She was still planning on rekindling their relationship and was happy that Debra contacted her at all. It felt like a start.

"Yes he does," she nodded. "So I presume this is the correct location?"

Lillian swallowed, confused and uncomfortable. "Well, yes, but neither of them are home right now. Owen's at one of his football games right now. Conan and Luke went with him. I would've too but I didn't get an invitation," she chuckled as she tried to lighten the mood.

It didn't work.

"I see," Debra folded her hands neatly. "When will they arrive?"

"I'm not sure. Whenever the game is over," Lillian informed. "It could be hours, would you like to come in for a cup of coffee?"

Debra pondered her offer before hesitantly agreeing, "well, I don't see why not."

The two women walked inside, Lillian preparing a pot of coffee for them as Debra silently inspected her home. She almost laughed at the feeling she got in it: jealousy.

Though the Hill family didn't have fancy cars or a five story home, they did have something the Wilson's did not. It was a homey feeling, one of comfort. The kind of comfort Debra never provided for her own children but now desperately wished she had.

"I appreciate you caring for my children while they were out of my supervision," she forced a smile. "That was very kind of you."

"Of course! I'm happy to help." Lillian poured a steaming cup of coffee for Debra who took the mug and sipped it.

"Owen's girlfriend told me that he's become quite close with your son. Conan, is that correct?"

Lillian frowned at the mention of Tara again. "Yes," she bit her tongue, "they have."

She inwardly reminded herself that it wasn't her place to tell Debra that Owen's bisexual. Though she had an endless amount of prying questions, she couldn't ask a single one.

"I'm glad Owen has a genuine friend. I'm always afraid of people using him for our wealth and status," Debra sighed in thought. "Conan sounds like a very nice boy."

Lillian beamed at the compliment. "He really is. Owen seems lovely as well," she added at the end.

She really did mean that, she wasn't trying to suck up or be polite. Until Debra mentioned that he has a girlfriend, Lillian couldn't say one bad thing about the boy.



Now she was obviously going to have to do a lot of digging to figure out if Owen really did have a girlfriend though. And if he did, she was going to kill him.

"Really?" Debra asked in surprise. She didn't think someone would view him so highly since none of the family did. It was depressing and she immediately felt guilty, but true nonetheless.

"Of course," Lillian said, shocked that she didn't look proud of her child. "He's very charismatic, astounding at football and track, kindhearted, handsome, sweet- the full package! He's such a wonderful young man."

Debra felt tears well up in her eyes at how another mother knew more about her son than she did herself.

Lillian had gotten to know Owen over the weeks he'd been residing at her house. Of course, Conan locked them away in his room whenever he could, but when she did get to talk to them, it was always nothing short of lovely.

"Do you know where Owen's game is?" Debra sniffled, "I would like to attend whatever's left of it."

The woman was taken aback by Debra's sudden burst of emotions but didn't want to offend her. "It's at their school this time. I'm sure there isn't much time left but I guess we can still go."

-

Owen sprinted down the field in his gear, legs aching but being overpowered by the adrenaline soaring through his body. The game only had a few seconds left and the two teams were tied. He was determined to win since Conan was in the crowd watching him. Well he was always dead set on winning, but the knowledge of his boyfriend being there just spurred him on.

boyfriend Duncan was sitting on the bench since he was playing for so long and needed a break. Even he was on the edge of his seat as his enemy ran the game like a champion. He still hated the guy but couldn't deny that he was talented.

The football was thrown in the air by one of his teammates and he ran, catching it in time before darting to the end zone.

The crowd went wild as Owen scored the winning points, the timer blowing loudly right after. His team all ran over and tackled him in a group hug. He had a smile on his face so big that it could've lit up the entire field. Everyone was cheering and screaming for him.

He felt like everything was right in the world.

"Owen! Owen! Owen!" Gavin started the chant and soon it was the only sound audible.

His happiness was so extreme that nothing could ruin his elated mood and now he wanted nothing more than to find Conan so that he could bring him to celebrate with his team. He wasn't sitting on the bleachers where he left him so the grin slowly started to disappear as his eyes scanned over the grass, searching for him.

And the amazing feeling he thought was irreversible left completely when he saw Conan, Luke, Lillian and his mother all standing together.

"Wilson?" Gavin punched him in the shoulder to get his attention. "Why do you look like you're about to throw up? We won!"

Owen grabbed his friend and turned him around so that he could see. Gavin knew a lot about his home life and recognized Debra immediately despite rarely ever seeing her in person.

"This is great!" Gavin exclaimed even louder.

"Great?" The blonde choked, "the fuck do you mean this is great?"

Gavin slapped the side of his head which he could barely feel because of his bulky helmet. "She came to watch your game, dumbass!"

It took a minute for Owen to soak up his words. He assumed that his mother only came to collect him and Luke, that she didn't really give a shit about his win. But taking a second look he realized that Debra was smiling.



His mother never smiled.

Then he realized that she was clapping too. Smiling, clapping, cheering, and crying tears of joy.

That was when he tore off his helmet and shoved all of his teammates away from him, sprinting over to Debra.

"Owen, that was amazing!" she cried.

He opened his mouth but was interrupted by the huge hug she muffled him with. His arms rested by his sides as he tried to remember how to breathe again before slowly reciprocating her warm embrace.

Desperately he wanted to cry but refused to in front of so many people.

Conan shot him a comforting look, knowing how Owen must've been feeling a whirlwind of emotions. Owen smiled right back, yelling at his heart not to start sobbing.

Everything felt perfect.

"That was impressive!" Luke whistled, silently happy that their mom was acting like, well, a mom. "I always forget how good you are at sports."

"Really," Lillian agreed, "that was spectacular!"

"Thanks," Owen laughed, letting go of Debra who was still weeping.

"I want to come to all of your games from now on," she declared firmly.

The jock knew not to get his hopes up but his brows still raised in question. "What about work?"

"I don't care about that anymore. They can fire me if they see fit."

After seeing her son win the game like that, she knew what was missing in her life. Their family had more than enough money to live a happy life and Arthur made an extremely large income anyway. She couldn't remember the last time she'd been as happy as she was when Owen caught that ball.

"Mother, that's nonsense," Owen gasped, his formal voice accidentally slipping out in her presence. "What are you talking about?"

"I don't care about the business anymore. All I care about is my family," she hugged him again. "Things are going to be different from now on. I promise you that."

Owen knew better than to believe her, but it was so hard not to give in to the hope when she was hugging him like that. "I want you and Luke to come home."

He wanted to protest but knew he couldn't live with Conan and intrude on his life forever. They would still see each other at school and hang out every day anyway so it wasn't a huge deal, though he was sad knowing they wouldn't be able to cuddle together every night.

"Alright," he hesitantly agreed and gave Conan a sympathetic look, but he understood.

Conan was sad too but he couldn't feel anything but euphoric because Owen was finally getting everything he deserved.

"We'll go back to get your things," Lillian spoke, also disappointed that he was leaving. "You're always welcome to visit anytime you'd like."

"Thank you," Owen softly whispered. He still felt like he was dreaming, but if he was, he never wanted to wake up.

"Jeez, this is getting way too sappy, let's go home already. I'm starving," Luke complained, trying to lighten the mood.

The five of them walked down the field, beaming with their heads held high. People were still cheering Owen's name and the opposing team was glaring at him with hatred but he didn't give a damn. It gave him intense satisfaction knowing they were pissed off.

Now he really meant it when he said nothing could ruin his good mood. Nothing.

Hope for the future was finally prevalent in his brain. It was crazy how it felt like his whole life had changed in only a few mere minutes, but he wasn't complaining.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. A/N

Who do you like more: Owen or Conan?

A/N

Who do you like more: Owen or Conan?





CHAPTER 24: RIPPING OFF THE BANDAID


24.

"I didn't fucking out you to Owen," Duncan hissed. "I saved your ass."

24. 24.

Conan was sitting quietly in his room when he heard his brother walking up the stairs. Owen just left and it already felt empty without the boy's loud presence there to fill up the space. They'd see each other at school the following day but it didn't make the hole in his heart go away.

He decided to confront Duncan sooner rather than later about how he outed him to Owen. On one hand, yes he was happy that he didn't have to do it himself, but on the other, he didn't have any right to do that.

What if Owen had a bad reaction? The results could've been disastrous.

But there Duncan stood, denying it.

"What the hell are you talking about?" Conan crossed his arms. "He came into my room talking about how he didn't know how hard my 'transition' was! The least you could do is be honest about it," he spat angrily.

"Mom was the one who was talking about your damn transition shit! I stepped in and said she was talking about the moving transition," Duncan glared. He wondered why he even bothered at all sometimes.

"What?" the shorter boy's heart dropped in his chest. "What did mom say to him?"

"She was thanking him for accepting you," he shrugged. "It's not that big of a deal. I just didn't feel like moving again so I fixed it."

Conan bit his bottom lip so hard that his mouth filled with the metallic taste of blood. So much for his brother actually giving a shit. He wasn't surprised, but that didn't mean it didn't hurt.

"You're going to have to tell him at some point anyway," he pointed out. "What happens when he wants to fuck or something?"

Conan's chest filled with dread at the thought. He really did have to tell his boyfriend the truth before it revealed itself the wrong way.

The 'sex talk' wasn't one he was looking forward to. Being a teenage boy, Owen was bound to make a move, it was kind of surprising he hadn't already.

It was going to be an uncomfortable, awkward conversation that'd make his dysphoria skyrocket. But it had to happen at some point. It was inevitable.

"I'm not talking to you about this," he shook his head with a grimace. "Thanks for covering for me I guess. Even if it was for your own benefit."

Duncan hummed, eyes locking with the carpeted floor. They rarely had civil moments together anymore so it was weird for them not to be arguing. It felt unnatural.

"Whatever. Just don't come crying to me if he breaks up with you once he finds out."

Conan ignored the pang in his heart. "Like you're the one I'd go to if that happened," he glared. "Owen isn't like that anyway."

"Owen is exactly like that," Duncan retaliated. "I'd be surprised if he took the news well."

"He'll take it better than you did."

Duncan gritted his jaw. He knew he was being an asshole and that he had been from the start, but he was too stubborn to back down now. Even if he was in the wrong, it didn't matter.

He came into this world with a sister. Not a brother. That's the way he wanted it to stay.

"Keep telling yourself that," he stormed into his room and slammed the door shut.

Conan stared at the closed door, expression softening immediately. It hurt way more than he'd admit that his own twin didn't accept him. He only started using the right name and pronouns since Jon threatened to revoke his car privileges.



He just brushed it off like he always did. One day he'd come around. Hopefully.

-

The Wilson family decided to have a second go at spending dinner together. Expensive dishes were displayed in front of them with fancy decor surrounding. Debra really wanted to unite everyone together again.

Except Arthur refused to join and left for the night when she tried to make him accompany them.

"I see this as a good thing," Owen said through a mouthful of food. "Dinner will be much more enjoyable without that dick ruining the mood."

Debra, Violeta, Elizabeth, Harrison and Jude watched him sloppily eat in disgust but didn't mention it. The rest of them had their cloth napkins folded neatly in their laps with small portions of food adorning their plates while Owen's napkin never left the table, his plate full of so much food you couldn't see the bottom. But he didn't care. He found it amusing.

"While I wouldn't use such harsh language, I have to agree," Violeta cleared her throat as she cut into her filet. "He's a rather difficult man to spend time with."

"That's putting it lightly," Luke snorted. Whenever Owen was around and Arthur was gone, he lost his usual formal way of speaking. He sounded like an actual teenager.

"Why don't we just enjoy our meal?" Jude sighed. He didn't care for family time at all and couldn't be bothered with Owen's improper behavior.

"I'm enjoying it very much. I don't know what your guy's problem is." Owen wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and Elizabeth cringed, "Arthur isn't here. How could I not rejoice?"

"You're supposed to call him father," Jude scolded.

"I'll call him father when he starts acting like one." Owen took a sip of his apple juice before speaking again, "stop being such a baby."

Jude went to snap back at him but Debra cleared her throat loudly. "We'll have fun the seven of us and when your father is ready he can accompany us."

"The only reason he isn't here is because Owen is," Elizabeth sneered.

The blonde smiled widely, "you're welcome."

"Mother just wants to have a meal, is that so hard?" Harrison rubbed his face in exasperation. "Owen is part of the family so he has the right to be here. Father chose not to come, that isn't Owen's fault."

The rest of the table went quiet as the jock smirked to himself, internally grateful that Harrison was defending him.

"You guys have to stop being so mean to him," Luke added.

Debra nodded. "We all need to be kinder towards each other in general. I want things to be different from now on. Is that clear?"

The six of them nodded, some grimly and others in satisfaction.

"Luke, how was your day?" she asked him as he swallowed a piece of steak.

"It was alright," he said as he fiddled with his thumbs under the table. "I got elected president of the academic decathlon team."

"That's wonderful!" the woman gushed happily. "I'm so proud of you. What about you Owen? What's going on in your life?"

He leaned back in his seat casually. "Not much. I have a boyfriend now."

Everyone except Luke choked on their food, bursting into a coughing fit as Owen tried not to laugh.

He wanted to rip off the bandaid and be blunt about it. He also wanted to prove to Conan that their relationship wouldn't be some cliche drama you'd see in a movie. Conan wasn't going to be a secret of his, he deserved better than that, especially after all he'd been through.

"Excuse me?" Jude spluttered, "you have a what?"

what?" "A boyfriend. Did I stutter?"

"Who is it?" Violeta questioned in shock.

"His name is Conan, I met him at school." Owen grinned at the thought of their first interaction, when his car door slammed into Tara's face.

"So you're a homosexual now?" Elizabeth said in disbelief.

He paused for a moment. "I don't know. I guess so."

"Huh," Harrison tried to collect the new information. "Well, congratulations I suppose."

Owen chuckled, "thanks."

Debra finally came to her senses. While she previously wouldn't approve of the LGBT community, she reminded herself that she was changing now. That meant coming to terms with Owen's sexuality even if she didn't understand it yet.

"That's the boy who's house you were staying at," she spoke slowly, "he seems like a nice boy."

The jock bit back a grin, "yeah. He is."

"What happened to Tara? She was a lovely young girl," Elizabeth cut in.

"Tara was a crazy bitch," Owen snickered. "Give Conan a chance. I bet you'd all like him."

"I'm with Elizabeth on this one," Jude didn't feel so hungry anymore as he looked down at his plate. "This won't look good. It'll dampen our reputation."

"That sucks," Owen yawned. "I'm not going to be with someone I don't love just because it bothers you."

Jude clenched his fists in anger. "Why are you always the odd one out? The rest of us are normal."

"I'm gay too," Luke said suddenly.

Now even Owen was at a loss for words.

Everyone stared at Luke with their jaws dropped. He was blushing profusely and regretted coming out. It had been on the tip of his tongue for years but he knew his family wouldn't take it well. This was probably the best opportunity he'd ever have. It took some of the heat off his brother while simultaneously softening the blow of his own confession.

"Well this was a memorable dinner," Violeta laughed in a daze.

"Are you sure, Luke?" Elizabeth interrupted. "You might just be confused from Owen's poor influence."

"Yeah," Owen nodded. "Maybe you caught my gay disease."

Luke would've laughed if he wasn't so offended. "I'm not confused. I just... like boys," he said shyly. "It's not that difficult to understand."

confused. "I accept and love you both just the way you are," Debra shot Jude and Elizabeth a look of disapproval. "I don't care who you happen to love as long as you're both happy and healthy."

"I agree," Violeta stood from her chair. "I'm going to finish my college work. Thank you all for the, um, interesting evening."

"I second that." Harrison pushed his seat back once he got up.

"To hell with this," Jude followed.

"What he said," Elizabeth huffed.

The four of them left so only Debra, Luke and Owen remained.

"Well, that went better than expected," Owen shoveled more food into his mouth.

Debra sat in shock as Luke began to laugh hysterically.

A/N

Thoughts?

A/N

Thoughts?





CHAPTER 25: IT'S TIME


25.

"I really don't think this is a good idea," Conan protested as Owen led him up the stairs to his front door.

25. 25.

"It's a great idea. Arthur's been gone all week and the rest of my family is either accepting or only slightly homophobic," Owen pulled his arm so that the brunette had no choice but to follow him. "Violeta even said she's excited to meet you!"

He gulped nervously. Maybe Owen's siblings wouldn't completely hate him, but that didn't change how awkward and terrible at socializing he is. He'd never gone through the experience of meeting your partner's family before since this was his first relationship.

"Come on," the blonde complained, "I already met your whole family. And none of them are nearly as bad as Duncan."

Conan pursed his lips, knowing he did have a point.

"Fine," he reluctantly agreed. "But you're not allowed to leave me the entire time."

"Deal," Owen grinned before unlocking the entrance.

Conan almost forgot how dazzling the mansion was. All the shiny decorations and fancy chandeliers were mesmerizing.

"Is that him?" Violeta, who was waiting in the kitchen for them, called before dashing to the hall with Debra, Harrison and Luke right behind her.

"Yup," Owen declared as he presented his boyfriend like a trophy.

Conan's face was stained red as the two women gushed over 'how cute he is'. Though Debra previously met him, it was completely different now that she knew he was her son's boyfriend.

"I'm Violeta, the oldest sibling," she introduced. "That means I have plenty of embarrassing information about Owen to share with you."

Owen glared at her but she didn't pay any attention. "I'm Harrison. I too have a significant amount of stories to bully him about," he grinned.

Over the past week, the jock had been telling his family more and more about Conan. The anticipation of meeting him grew with each day. While Elizabeth and Jude weren't thrilled, they humored him and hesitantly agreed to meet him, though Violeta and Harrison were excited.

"It's so pleasant to see you again," Debra surprised Conan with a tight hug that he awkwardly reciprocated with a nervous chuckle. "Let's all go into the day room to chat!"

Owen watched, holding in his laughter as his mother and sister dragged him into the living room. Conan was glaring at him over his shoulder, silently begging for help that the blonde didn't give.

"Owen's told us so much about you," Violeta said. "I was mildly surprised about his sexuality at first, but now it actually makes sense."

"Hey," Owen whined, "what's that supposed to mean?"

"It means you radiate gay energy," Luke snickered.

Conan sat down on the gigantic, expensive looking couch with Owen on one side and Luke on the other. "Oh please. You're so much gayer than I am- I'm pretty sure I'm bisexual anyway."

"You do act kind of gay," Conan admitted as Owen gaped at him.

"You traitor!" he exclaimed. "You're supposed to be on my side!"

"It's undeniable. I'm slightly ashamed I didn't piece it together sooner." Violeta sighed, "you're so happy all the time. It's exhausting."

Owen scoffed, "would you rather me be all mopey and depressed? Happiness is something to celebrate!"

"This is exactly what she's talking about," Harrison snickered.

"This is supposed to be about Conan, hush!" Debra shushed their bickering. "Tell us about yourself, dear."



He swallowed, shifting in his seat. Owen slid an arm around the shorter boy's waist and tugged him closer. It was his silent way of encouraging him to talk.

"Uh, I'm from Texas, I moved here recently," he started off with lamely. "There's not much to say."

"How did you guys meet?" Harrison asked, crossing his legs.

Conan cringed. "I kind of hit his ex in the face with my car door."

"Thank god. I hated that bitch," Luke said before remembering his mother was right in front of him.

"Luke!" she scolded.

"She is!" he defended. "You're not the one who had to see her all the time."

"I only met her once, but she did appear to be quite irritating," Harrison shrugged.

"First impressions are very important." Violeta hummed, "I'd say that was a pretty remarkable introduction on your part."

"It was memorable to say the least," Owen smiled, pulling Conan closer to press a kiss to his forehead.

"Aww," Violeta pouted, "you two are so cute."

"Not in front of your family," Conan hissed quietly and tried to push him away but the blonde just tugged him even closer in response.

"Where's Elizabeth and Jude?" the jock yawned.

He didn't expect them to be super friendly or inviting, but he thought they'd at least say hello.

"I'll go find them," Harrison told the group and stood up.

"They probably didn't know he was here yet," Debra shrugged it off. "So Conan, does your family know about your relationship yet?"

"My mom does, but not my brother or father," he told her shyly. He hadn't intentionally kept it a secret. Lillian found out by observation while it was purposely kept from Duncan. Jon was rarely around so it just hadn't come up yet, he hadn't even met Owen.

"Are they accepting?" she questioned innocently.

"My parents are," he swallowed. "But my brother isn't too happy about it."

Violeta frowned. "Does he know you're not straight?"

Conan recently discovered that he wasn't straight, so it never really came up until Lillian said something. Duncan wasn't accepting of his gender. It would be odd for him to welcome his homosexuality with open arms if he couldn't even handle his transition.

"Not yet, but he won't really care when he finds out," Conan bit his bottom lip. "He's homophobic but we don't talk that much anyway."

"Here they are!" Harrison declared, pushing Elizabeth and Jude into the room who both looked extremely uncomfortable.

"Elizabeth, Jude," Owen acknowledged them both with a nod. "This is Conan. My boyfriend," he over-pronounced the word just to piss them off a little more.

boyfriend," "It's nice to meet you," Elizabeth halfheartedly smiled at him.

"I agree," Jude mumbled.

"Speaking of homophobic siblings," Luke snorted.

The air was thick with tension that no one knew how to fix. Neither Elizabeth nor Jude liked Owen to begin with so they had no interest in him now. His sudden homosexuality just added on to their distaste for the jock.

"You two need to be polite," Debra snapped. "This is our guest and rudeness will not be tolerated."

Jude rolled his eyes and sat down on the opposite couch, his sister begrudgingly following suit.



"I think this shall conclude our visit." Owen stood up abruptly and pulled Conan with him once he noticed how uneasy the brunette looked.

"Wait," Debra said sadly, "but we barely even got started."

Owen shrugged his shoulders casually. "Blame them," he pointed at Elizabeth and Jude who glared at him.

"It was lovely to meet you!" Violeta called as Owen dragged his thoroughly embarrassed boyfriend up the stairs.

They must've gone down four different halls until they finally got to the blonde's room. He pulled Conan inside and lifted him up suddenly.

"What are you doing?!" he squeaked, hands gripping Owen's shoulders to steady himself.

"That went decently," he ignored Conan's protesting as he carried him toward his huge bed. "Let's just hope you never have to meet my father."

The jock tossed him onto his mattress, not wasting any time and immediately covering the brunette's body with his larger one. "It'll have to happen eventually," he said, slightly breathless as Owen kissed him.

Owen's forearms rested beside Conan's head as their lips interlocked. Arms were wrapped around his neck that pulled him impossibly closer. The proximity was intoxicating, making both of their minds go numb at the sweet sensation.

The blonde mumbled something incoherent in response, the kiss blinding them both. Things between them grew heated as their passion increased.

Owen's attraction to the boy had been there since day one. He never made any move to go further because he was scared and confused about his sexuality, but now that his family knew, now that he was comfortable with himself, he knew he was ready.

His deep craving for Conan was begging to be quenched and his mind was finally in sync with his body. It was time for him to take the extra step between them to strengthen their relationship.

For Owen, sex wasn't a big deal. He'd been sleeping around for the majority of his teenage years and didn't see it as a huge thing. This time he wanted to take it slower because Conan meant more to him than any of his past hookups or girlfriends did, but he still didn't see it as nearly important as the smaller boy did.

Conan didn't prize his virginity like it was something sacred. He was willing to go further with someone if they were both comfortable enough for it to not be totally awkward. He didn't want candles and rose petals, but he did want it to at least be a pleasant memory to look back on.

And he had to tell Owen the truth before that happened.

He still wasn't completely ready, but Owen's lips were pressed to his neck and he could feel the blonde's growing excitement prodding against his thigh. So if he didn't say something now, he was going to find out anyway.

"Wait," he pushed his chest away suddenly, panting. Owen moved back slightly in a daze. His breathing was unsteady with his pupils blown wide as he looked down at the boy he was utterly in love with.

"What's the matter?" he whispered, leaning back down to connect their lips but Conan scrambled away from him.

His hands were trembling as his lips parted. It was time. He had to tell him.

"Conan?" Owen said in confusion, sensing something was off. He went to touch his shoulder to comfort him but the brunette flinched and he immediately retracted his hand, feeling slightly hurt.

"I-I have to tell you something," he told him shakily. "I don't know how you're going to react, but I need you to just hear me out."

Owen's lust was now gone, now replaced with a mixture of dread and concern. "What is it?" he encouraged. "You can tell me anything."

"Promise me you won't freak out."

He nodded, "I promise."

Conan's entire body was shaking, fear filling every inch of his being. Maybe he wasn't ready, but he'd never be ready for something like this. It was happening whether he liked it or not.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 26: ALL HE'LL EVER BE


26.

Conan sobbed into his pillow, burying himself under his sheets as he struggled to breathe. It felt like his world was falling apart and he didn't know how to put the pieces back together.

26. 26.

After Owen's reaction to his confession, he left abruptly and ran the miles it took to get back to his house. He couldn't handle his reaction. It hurt too much.

"Do you know what transgender means?" Conan asked nervously.

"Do you know what transgender means?" Conan asked nervously. "Isn't that when you, like, switch genders or something?" he asked in confusion.

"Isn't that when you, like, switch genders or something?" he asked in confusion. "Kind of. It's when you're born one gender but transition into the other."

"Kind of. It's when you're born one gender but transition into the other." "What does that have to do with anything?" the jock blinked.

"What does that have to do with anything?" the jock blinked. Conan's throat constricted as his mind brought him back to the moment where everything went wrong. He wished he kept the secret to himself, but at the same time hated that he didn't tell Owen sooner. Then at least the rejection wouldn't be so painful.

What hurt the most was that Owen didn't even try to stop him when he left.

"I... I'm trans," he finally admitted. The anticipation was killing him inside as he peeked up to check Owen's reaction.

"I... I'm trans," he finally admitted. The anticipation was killing him inside as he peeked up to check Owen's reaction. His brows were furrowed, lips parted in a mixture of shock and confusion. And then he uttered what broke Conan's heart.

His brows were furrowed, lips parted in a mixture of shock and confusion. And then he uttered what broke Conan's heart. "So you're... a girl?"

"So you're... a girl?" Tears stained Conan's now soaked pillow that he was hugging tightly to his chest. Every part of his body was aching and all he wanted was to hide in his boyfriend's comforting embrace. But he couldn't do that anymore.

His phone was blowing up with texts but he forced himself to shut it off. He couldn't bear to read whatever rejection Owen would be sending his way.

"Conan?" Lillian knocked on the door timidly. "Can I come in?"

He quickly wiped away any trace of tears there were, sniffling and composing himself so that she didn't see him in such a vulnerable state.

"Oh my baby," she frowned when she opened the door, seeing how broken her son looked. "What's wrong? Is it Owen?"

"I don't want to talk about it," he whispered, smushing his face back into his drenched blanket.

"You can tell me anything," she assured.

But that made it so much worse, because Owen said the exact same thing to him.

And look what happened.

"Get out," he sobbed, "please, just leave me alone."

Lillian's stomach dropped as he wept. The sound of his strained voice was enough to make her cry but she wanted to wait until he wasn't around to see it. She didn't want to make him feel even worse than he already did.

"If you change your mind, I'm right down the hall," she told him softly.

When the door shut he broke down again. He curled into a ball as he choked, begging himself to keep it together. He couldn't afford to fall apart. Not again. Not after last time.

It was pure torture, the way his heart was breaking and he couldn't do anything about it. Because it wasn't his fault, he didn't deserve it, yet it was happening anyway.

Why did he have to be born this way? Why did he have to be so different than everyone else? Why couldn't he just be normal?

normal? He'd never get to have some of the simple things in life that most people take for granted. From one night stands, to taking his shirt off at the beach, to having his own children, it was all a big mess that he'd never get to experience the way a cisgender person would.



People would always stare. People would always make comments. People would never understand.

If Owen didn't accept him, then who would?

He ruined other boys for Conan, being so perfect and dreamy with his golden hair and captivating smile. No one else would ever compare to him.

It didn't get any better than Owen Wilson.

There was another tap on his door and he groaned in frustration? Why couldn't his mother just leave him be for once?

"I told you to leave me alone!" he shouted, fists clenching as he tried to keep it together.

"It's me," Duncan said lowly, "I'm coming in."

Conan's exasperation only increased as his brother walked in. He didn't want to hear him talk about how he was right and rub it in his face. Enough had happened for one day.

"If you're about to say 'I told you so', then I'm going to punch you in the throat," he warned. "I know mom sent you in here. Everything's fine- just get out."

"Mom didn't tell me to come in," he sighed.

Conan sat up slightly. "Then do you want?"

"I did something stupid," his eyes were locked on the ground as he spoke guiltily, "and I'm so fucking sorry, Conan."

so His tears were long gone, now replaced with fear and panic. The sadness was gone because he was so scared that he couldn't feel anything but terrified.

"What did you do?" he whispered as his hands trembled.

Duncan swallowed, "I'm in love with Tara."

Conan calmed a little at that. "Why are you apologizing to me for that? I don't give a shit who you date, I already figured you were together anyway."

me He shook his head, "that's not what I did."

"What is it then? It can't be that bad."

"Tara still loves Owen and only started talking to me to make him jealous. She didn't know that I started to like her," he began. "I needed to find a way to get her over him."

"Owen doesn't care about her anymore," Conan's lips were in a firm line as he spoke. "It doesn't make a difference what she does."

"She didn't seem like she was going to take no for an answer," his eyes finally met his twin's and he flinched. "I know about you and Owen."

Conan's throat went dry at that. All of the panic came back full force in one overwhelming go. "So what?" he tried to sound confident but his voice wavered.

"I thought that telling her that he's gay would be enough to make her stop, but it wasn't. It just made her so much angrier because of how jealous she was." Duncan squeezed his eyes shut, "she wasn't satisfied with that. She wouldn't just leave it alone."

"Is she going to tell everyone at school? Owen isn't ready for that yet," he stressed. "How could she do that to him?!"

Duncan hesitated and it made the shorter boy feel lightheaded. "It isn't about him then, is it? What did she start saying about me? Did you tell her I'm trans?" he cried again, vision blurry from his tears.

"I'm sorry," Duncan choked, "I swear I didn't tell her! I don't know how she found out. She just told me was that she was going to expose who you really are to everyone and now she won't respond to my texts!"

Conan's lungs gave out once and for all as his fingernails dug into his sheets, trying to ground himself. His chest was aching and he desperately choked on nothing just trying to get oxygen. Every inch of his skin burned and he felt like one big heap of overwhelming agony.

Duncan was yelling but he couldn't hear him. All he could do was sit there and endure the torture.

Lillian burst into his room, screaming at Duncan and forcing him out before tending to her other son. She wrapped her arms around him, cradling the boy like a baby.

"Shh, everything's going to be alright," she cooed, "we're going to make it all better. Just calm down."

"Nothing's going to be alright! Nothing's ever going to be alright!" he shouted while hyperventilating, "it's always going to be this way! I'm never just going to be fucking normal!"

Lillian went to hold him but Conan shoved her away. "Why did I have to be born?" he sobbed, "why do I have to be such a freak?"

His eyes were stinging, skin red and blotchy. His head was pounding and it felt like he was about to explode.

"If I'm never going to be a normal guy then what's the point?" he cried as he dragged himself off the bed. "Owen doesn't even want me anymore!" his voice broke.

"Conan-" Lillian tried but was left speechless as he sprinted out the door.

He shoved past Duncan who was hovering in the hallway, listening to the whole thing. The boy's hands were trembling and his eyes started to feel wet with tears of his own when he looked at his mom who was almost as broken as Conan was.

Duncan regretted it. He regretted everything and hated himself for all the trouble he caused. That'll all he was.

Trouble.

The brunette ran down the street. It was dark outside so not many people were around to see his episode, but he got rhe occasionally bewildered stare every now and then as he sprinted as far as he could.

He didn't know where he was going. Anyway was better than his family in that moment.

Tears never ceased pouring down his cheeks despite the harsh wind drying each one. The choked sobs never stopped either as his legs burned, but nothing hurt more than his broken heart.

If only he had XY chromosomes instead of XX, if only he had male anatomy instead of female, if only he was normal... maybe then Owen would want him.

Because he loved the idiot. He was hopelessly in love with his confidence, his perfect smile, his childish personality. He loved every flaw and every perfection, every pro and con. He wanted all of Owen regardless of whether it was good or bad.

All he needed was for Owen to look past the one thing he couldn't change about himself. If there was anything else the boy didn't like then he'd fix it in a heartbeat. He'd adapt to any form as long as it meant the blonde would still accept him. It was only one aspect of himself that was irreversible, and of course it had to be something that was crossing the line.

He felt worthless.

Disgusting, filthy, unloved. A freak- that's what he was.

And that's all he'll ever be.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 27: UNEDUCATED


27.

Transgender: denoting or relating to a person whose sense of personal identity and gender does not correspond with their birth sex.

27. 27.

Transgender: denoting or relating to a person whose sense of personal identity and gender does not correspond with their birth sex. Owen read the definition for the tenth time that he had to google online. He kept scrolling through his phone to find information because he was still utterly confused and felt horrible.

Transgender people have a gender identity or gender expression that differs from their sex assigned at birth. Some transgender people who desire medical assistance to transition from one sex to another identify as transsexual. Transgender, often shortened as trans, is also an umbrella term.

Transgender people have a gender identity or gender expression that differs from their sex assigned at birth. Some transgender people who desire medical assistance to transition from one sex to another identify as transsexual. Transgender, often shortened as trans, is also an umbrella term. The blonde grew up surrounded by strictly heterosexual, cisgender people. He was just now understanding the spectrum of sexuality, he was clueless about gender fluctuation since it had never been exposed to him before.

He kept searching.

"Transgender" is an umbrella term that describes people whose gender identity or expression does not match the sex they were assigned at birth. For example, a transgender person may identify as a woman despite having been born with male genitalia.

"Transgender" is an umbrella term that describes people whose gender identity or expression does not match the sex they were assigned at birth. For example, a transgender person may identify as a woman despite having been born with male genitalia. Was that what Conan was? But that didn't make any sense because he presented himself as a boy. Maybe he hadn't started transitioning yet? It didn't make sense to Owen at all.

He closed out of google to try calling Conan again. It rang until it went to voicemail just like every other time.

"Hey," Owen greeted weakly. "Please just call me back so we can talk about this. I'm sorry I'm so stupid and the last thing I want to do is hurt you, so if you could just pick up the phone, that would be great," he sighed as he ended the call.

It sounded exactly like every other voicemail he left. He didn't know what to say and just wanted to talk to Conan to make sure he was alright. The only person he knew that was close to him was Cailey so he decided to try calling her.

"It's like midnight, why are you calling me so late?" she groaned into the phone.

"Did you know that Conan's transgender?" he ignored her and started rambling instead like he always did. "Shit, was I not supposed to say that? Please tell me he already told you! He just told me and then I accidentally said the wrong thing and now he's ignoring me and-"

"Calm down Owen," her annoyed tone was now serious, "I already knew so it's fine but don't tell other people."

"I'm sorry," he collapsed onto his mattress with a huff. "I don't know anything about this stuff. Can you try calling him to see if he picks up for you?"

"I will." She sounded hesitant, "I know that you don't understand it now, but are you against it or something?"

"Of course not!" his eyes narrowed, "I love Conan. I don't care about anything like that!"

"Hold up, what did you just say?" she gasped and Owen blushed.

"Nothing," he quickly dismissed, "so are you going to call him or what?"

She scoffed, "no way are you changing the subject that easily. You just said the 'L' word!"

"You're just hearing things," he denied. His cheeks were burning up and he desperately wanted to talk about anything else.

The jock didn't get flustered easily. So when he did, he hated feeling all shy and embarrassed.

"Conan is probably crying his eyes out in his room right now, not knowing that you love him!" she sassed into the phone, "you need to drive to his house and tell him now!"

Owen flew off his bed, phone long forgotten as he went down the stairs so fast that he practically tumbled down them. Why hadn't he thought of that sooner? He hated his tiny brain, somehow he lacked the common sense gene.



"Where are you going?" Luke shouted as the blonde scrambled down a hallway, "Owen!"

Not having time to explain what was happening, he ignored him. His hands were shaking as he tried to push the keys into the ignition.

When he finally got them in the passenger door was opening. Luke hopped in and Owen didn't care enough to stop him as he sped out of the driveway.

"What the hell is going on?" Luke repeated.

He bit his tongue this time. Cailey said not to tell anyone about Conan's secret.

"Conan and I got into a fight."

It wasn't a complete lie. Even if it was he didn't care. If his boyfriend didn't want people knowing then he'd make sure no one found out, regardless of whatever lies he had to tell along the way.

"What are you fighting about?" his brother questioned innocently, feeling bad because of how stressed and frantic Owen looked.

"Nothing," he waved it off, "just me being stupid. Doesn't matter."

Luke screamed when Owen ran through a red light, seconds away from colliding with another car. "Slow the hell down before we crash!"

"I don't recall inviting you!" the car screeched as he roughly turned left without slowing down.

After about ten minutes of Luke shrieking and Owen speeding, they arrived. He raced up the steps and the younger boy hesitantly followed behind him.

Before he could even knock, Lillian was yanking open the door furiously. Her eyes were swollen from crying and she was still sniffling a little.

"Lillian," Owen sighed in relief. "I need to talk to Conan."

"You, young man, will be going nowhere near my son!" she shouted and the blonde flinched, stumbling backward as she jammed her finger into his chest while yelling, "that's right. My son! How dare you think otherwise!"

son! She slapped him across the face so hard that he almost got whiplash. His cheek stung as he yelped from the pain, jumping back. How could such a tiny woman be so scary?

"Luke, go back in the car," he demanded, his brother not even hesitating as he sprinted back to the car.

"You have some nerve coming back here after what you've done!" Lillian spat, her puny fists ready to break his nose.

"I don't care if he's transgender, I love Conan! I barely even know what that means!" he cried, jumping out of her reach.

All the anger disappeared instantly. "You love him?" she mimicked in awe, jaw dropping. "Do you really mean that?"

"I do," Owen blushed as he avoided eye contact. "We can talk about it later. Can I come in? I need to see Conan." he made a move to step inside but Lillian blocked him.

"He's not here," she muttered.

"What? Where is he then?"

"I'm not exactly sure," she sighed, "he ran away."

Owen blinked in confusion. Conan was gone?

That made all his overwhelming emotions resurface. He was never good at controlling his feelings. Whether it was anger, happiness, excitement, love, it didn't matter. He couldn't contain it and whatever he was thinking was known by everyone around.

It was well past midnight by now and pitch black outside. The air was freezing and who knows what creeps were lingering around? Conan wouldn't be able to put up much of a fight if someone tried to hurt him. Or worse.

"I need to go find him." He turned around but Lillian grabbed his sleeve.

"Duncan is driving around, Jon is on his way back from work and he's going to start looking too. I'm waiting here in case he decides to come home," she explained. "You should go home and get some sleep."

Her expression was softer now. From experience and old age, she knew what real love was like. And the way Owen declared his feelings for her son- it looked like the kind of love she always prayed Conan would receive one day. It was all she hoped for and more.

The jock just didn't grow up the way she did, the way she raised her children as well. She taught them to be accepting and open to all possibility. Owen didn't have that.

While Duncan acted like a douche, he didn't really hate that Conan's a boy or that he now likes other boys. He hated everything it caused. He was just selfish which was a problem not related to being raised with an open mind.

But it was different for the blonde. His parents promoted success and nothing else. Reputation and wealth was everything to the Wilson's. They avoided anything controversial, demanding each child to be perfect with their academics. They were narrow-minded people so Owen was raised to be the same.

Except he strived to be the opposite of whatever his parents expected from him. So he was never the homophobic, selfish type. He was simply uneducated.

"You expect me to be able to sleep when Conan's somewhere out there roaming the streets?"

sleep Lillian watched, almost daring to smile as Owen marched back into his car, determinedly going about his quest to find her son. She knew he was one of the good ones and was foolish to be blinded by their miscommunication.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. A/N

I feel bad but like it wouldn't have been realistic for Owen to be all accepting with open arms at first. I initially wrote a chapter like that before realizing that it wasn't practical. This feels more real to me despite it being sad.

A/N

I feel bad but like it wouldn't have been realistic for Owen to be all accepting with open arms at first. I initially wrote a chapter like that before realizing that it wasn't practical. This feels more real to me despite it being sad.





CHAPTER 28: WHAT LOVE IS


28.

Owen and Luke drove around for hours. Conan was still nowhere to be found but the jock was full of worry. After driving through the town, several neighborhoods, shopping centers, parks, school- Luke finally convinced his brother to calm down. They stopped by to ask Lillian once more if he'd come home yet, but he hadn't.

28. 28.

Owen didn't get any sleep that night as he tossed and turned in his bed. The nerves in his gut were too strong to allow him the privilege of slumber. There was school the next day but education was the last thing on his mind. Not like it usually was anyway.

He dragged through his classes, searching the halls for the familiar brunette everywhere he went. Still nothing.

His attention span was worse than usual during each period and his teachers gave him an earful for it. Normally his smart mouth would talk back defiantly, but today all he did was sit in his seat and take it.

Football practice was the only thing getting him through the day because Duncan would be there and he'd be able to ask if there were any updates on Conan's whereabouts. The clock ticked in his ears continuously until the dismissal bell finally rang.

He flew out of his seat, pushing his way through the crowd carelessly. His tall build had him towering over all the swarming students that made a pathway for the determined boy out of fear he'd trample them.

"Hill!" Owen yelled at soon as he burst through the locker room, eyes darting around for the filthy rat.

Duncan looked up with his breath caught in his throat. The golden boy looked pissed and he knew he'd be the main target of his fury.

Owen darted over once he saw Duncan. "Have you heard anything from Conan?" he asked, voice firm but hopeful.

"Yeah," Duncan responded quietly, "he spent the night at Cailey's but came back this morning."

"Cailey?" he mimicked. "Why wouldn't she tell me?"

"I don't even know the chick. Ask her yourself," the boy shrugged as he tugged on his uniform.

"Did you talk to him?" Owen ignored his brattiness, "is he alright?"

Duncan laughed bitterly under his breath, "he's fine. But he doesn't exactly feel like doing much talking with me right now."

"What did you do?" the jock's tone turned dark.

"We can't talk about it here," he glanced around to see all the players trying to subtly eavesdrop but failing. "Let's talk about practice."

Duncan still hated Owen and wanted to watch him burn in the depths of hell, but he owed it to Conan to not be an ass for a five-minute conversation.

"No, we're talking about this now." The blonde yanked his arm and dragged him out onto the field, not giving a shit as everyone watched them in shock. Usually he took his job as team captain very seriously and put sports first. Right now he had other things on his mind.

"Don't touch me," Duncan ripped his arm away once they were far away from anyone near. "I know how to fucking walk."

"What did you do?" Owen repeated with a glare. "I'm not going to ask again."

The twin grumbled something inaudible, preparing for Owen to lash out once the truth was revealed. Whatever his reaction was wouldn't be good.

"I know about you two dating," he rubbed the sore spot on his forearm as he spoke.

"Congratulations," the blonde said sarcastically. "What does that have to do with anything?"

Duncan groaned, "I wanted Tara to get over her stupid obsession with you and I figured if she knew you're a fag then she would." He stared at the grass hesitantly, "and it didn't exactly go as planned."



Owen's face paled. He knew Tara better than anyone and what lengths the girl would go to for revenge. There was no way she'd just give up because of his sexuality. And even if he was gay, she'd still want Conan to suffer just because he was her "replacement".

"What did she say?" he sighed.

"She's going to out him to the whole school," Duncan responded slowly, flinching when Owen's face turned red in anger.

"Where is she!" he roared as he clenched his fists. Burning rage was all he felt- and the urge to decapitate his crazy ex.

"I don't know!" Duncan jumped ten feet away from him. He still had feelings for Tara and didn't want to see her get hurt despite all the trouble she caused, but he genuinely had no idea where the girl went. "I figured it would've been plastered around the walls by now. Maybe she changed her mind."

"Trust me, she didn't 'change her mind'." Owen pinched the bridge of his nose in agitation. "God, why does everything have to be such a mess?"

"Can I ask you something?" Duncan said suddenly, his usual cocky tone completely gone, "are you really going to break up with Conan because he's trans?"

The softness in his voice baffled Owen. Why did he suddenly sound like he cared now? He never seemed to before.

"Why does everyone think I'm such a shitty person? Of course I'm not going to break up with him!" he threw his head back, frustrated.

"Why?" Duncan questioned, but he didn't sound judgmental. He sounded genuinely curious and bewildered by the concept.

"Because I love Conan, that's why!" Owen narrowed his eyes at him as he ranted, "and love means you don't give a shit about stupid things like gender! I'd love him just as much if he was a fucking cantaloupe."

The twin went quiet at that. He didn't understand how Wilson could be so accepting when he himself couldn't of his own damn brother. Why was it so hard for him to adapt to the change that everyone else welcomed with open arms? Owen was still rambling but Duncan was only half listening, lost in thought.

"I already came to terms with the fact that he's a boy when I realized I have feelings for him. Why would I go through that again when I'm already fine with him being a guy?" He took a step forward so that he was glaring down at Duncan with fire in his eyes, "and it's pathetic that I can love Conan for who he is when his own brother can't. You'll never be half the man he is."

Duncan stood there silently, taking all the rash words and insults. He didn't try defending himself or spewing something spiteful back. No, he just took the shame he deserved.

"I'm losing brain cells just looking at you, I'm going to talk to Conan," Owen huffed before sprinting across the field to the parking lot.

"What about practice?!" Coach yelled, forgetting that he was pretending like he wasn't eavesdropping.

Owen ignored him, hopping into his car and speeding all the way to Conan's house.

After nearly getting in eleven accidents, rolling past six stop signs, and almost killing a small child, he finally got to his destination. He stumbled up the steps and rang the doorbell until it opened.

This time it was Jon. And he looked furious .

furious "Let me guess, you're Owen," he crossed his arms over his chest as he looked the blonde up and down, debating whether he could take him in a fight or not.

"Yeah," the jock dismissed, oblivious to Jon's intentions, "is Conan here?"

Jon stepped outside and closed the door behind him. They were almost the same height, having similar builds as well. Owen's body was fit from being so active while Jon was naturally a big guy. Both had been in their fair share of fights before- yet the jock was confused and left wondering why Jon looked so angry.



"I'd say it's nice to meet you, but it isn't," the man sneered.

"Wha-"

Owen staggered backwards, losing his balance after Jon socked him in the jaw. It felt like his entire skull collapsed in on his head from how hard he punched him.

"Ow," Owen groaned, cupping the wound. "What the hell was that for?!"

"That's for hurting my son, you moron!" Jon yelled, his fists curling up as he got ready to strike the blonde again.

"Jon, stop it!" Lillian shrieked as she bursted through the front door, "don't hurt him!"

"Go back inside," he demanded to his worrying wife. "We're going to settle this like men."

"It's just a misunderstanding, I already talked to him last night!" she pleaded with the fuming man.

"Misunderstanding my ass! Did you even see Conan crying this morning?!"

"He was crying?" Owen frowned, his voice turning soft.

"See! Look at his face," Lillian cried. "He didn't mean to hurt Conan. You know how he always jumps to conclusions without hearing them out."

Jon grimly looked at Owen who was distraught. How upset really was Conan? Was it that bad?

"I don't give a damn whether it was intentional or not! He's already been through enough and I don't want a repeat of what happened last time!" Jon shouted, infuriated.

"Calm down, just ask Conan if he wants to talk to him or not," Lillian sighed sadly as she gave Owen a sympathetic look.

"Please, sir," Owen begged brokenly, "please let me see him."

Jon had a mental battle with himself as he decided whether or not he'd allow it. He didn't want Conan to get even more hurt if the interaction didn't go well, but he also didn't want to prevent them from reconciling.

"Fine," he exhaled. "But if I so much as see my son frown, I'll put you ten feet underground myself."

As Lillian led him inside, he realized that he hadn't prepared what he was going to say. He'd been so focused on just finding the brunette that he didn't figure out his apology yet. What was there to say? What did you even say in a situation like this?

"Conan?" Lillian called sweetly as she knocked on her son's door.

"What do you want?" he sniffled from inside and Owen felt a wave of relief at the sound of his familiar voice. Finally, he found him. Now he could fix things and explain himself and hope that Conan would forgive him.

"You have a visitor," she said, pushing on the wood slightly.

When it was open just a crack, Owen tilted his head so that he could see inside. And what he saw broke his heart.

Conan was on his bed, bundled in an array of blankets. Bawled up tissues were covering the floor, three empty tubs of ice cream on his bedside table. His nose was tinted pink from crying so much, eyes swollen and puffy. It was heartbreaking yet simultaneously made him look even more adorable.

"Owen!" he choked, shocked by his presence. He immediately hid his face under the covers, embarrassed by how ugly he must've looked.

"Hey," he greeted timidly, "can we talk?"

"You want to... talk?" the brunette questioned unsurely.

"I need to explain things, and you need to explain some things too, and um," Owen tripped over his words, "couples need to communicate. Right?"

Conan peeked out from under his comforter. "We're still a couple?"

"Of course we're still a couple," Owen's lips downturned.

"I'll give you two some privacy," Lillian gave the jock an encouraging pat on the back before ushering him in and closing the door behind her.

Owen slowly stepped toward the bed, making Conan hesitantly sit up and stop hiding under the blankets. Both of their hearts were racing as the blonde awkwardly sat beside him. The anticipation of their inevitable confrontation was now happening.

Conan figured Owen wanted to formally break things off between them. Owen was a nice guy like that so it made sense that he'd want to do it in person. The taller boy assumed that Conan was mad at him for not being immediately accepting. Neither of them knew what the other was actually thinking, and they were scared to find out.

"I'll go first," Conan muttered.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 29: ANSWERING THE INEVITABLE


29.

Conan held onto his blanket for comfort as Owen sat next to him silently. He offered to go first but he wasn't sure how to even start the uncomfortable conversation.

29. 29.

"I get it if you don't want to be with me anymore," he said in a small voice. "I won't hold it against you."

Owen's lips parted in shock at his words. Did Conan really believe that they'd break up over his confession? He bit the inside of his cheek, heartbroken by how sad Conan looked.

"I should've told you sooner," he sniffled. "I didn't know how you'd react or how to tell you."

Owen didn't know what to do as he watched the boy fall apart. He had never comforted someone who was crying before and wasn't sure how he was supposed to react to the tears nor the new information.

"You don't have to apologize for anything, I'm not mad," he tried to console.

"You're not?" Conan hiccuped, peeking up with red stained eyes and a wet face.

Owen shook his head. "Of course I'm not mad. I'm just kind of confused," he admitted.

"So... you're not going to break up with me?"

The blonde ignored the pang of hurt in his heart at how broken his boyfriend looked. He didn't understand why the boy was so upset about it due to his lack of knowledge on the matter.

"Conan," Owen reached out to cup the side of his face. His skin felt warm under his palm as the jock brushed away some of his tears. "I'll be honest, I don't completely get it, but I love you and I don't care about anything else. Nothing could ever change that."

A wave of emotions swarmed through Conan. He couldn't believe that Owen was reacting so cooly about it. Sure, he doubted he was going to throw a fit or yell about it, but never did he think the boy would be so understanding.

"Did... did you just say you love me?" he blinked, tears ceasing as his heart swelled.

love The blonde realized what he said and blushed. He meant what he said despite confessing accidentally again.

"I do." He smiled at the happy look on his boyfriend's face. "I'm the one that's sorry if you really thought I'd have a bad reaction."

Conan leaped into his arms, Owen's back hitting the mattress in surprise with the brunette on top of him. "I love you too," he whispered.

The blonde stared into his captivating blue eyes that were full of happiness, any trace of fear now gone. He wished it would stay like that forever.

"I hate that I upset you," Owen exhaled as he admired Conan's features. "I'm sorry that I'm so stupid."

He felt embarrassed, not used to being so vulnerable, but he knew that he could open up around Conan. He's the only person who didn't judge him jump to conclusions based off his family life or popularity. If he had to expose his inner thoughts then at least it was to someone he trusted.

"How many times do I have to tell you to stop calling yourself stupid?" Conan frowned.

"Until I'm not stupid anymore."

"If that were true then I wouldn't be telling you to shut up right now."

"I'm stupid for not knowing anything about what you're going through," Owen huffed, angry at himself more than anything. He couldn't stand himself for upsetting the shorter boy.

Conan leaned back until he hit the mattress, staring up at the ceiling. "Most people don't know much about it. It's not like you'd have any reason to think about it before anyway. If you have questions I understand," he mumbled softly. He didn't want to answer them but, as his boyfriend, Owen had a right to know things about him that other people didn't.



"You really don't mind?" the blonde asked hesitantly. "I don't want to upset you again."

He did have a lot of questions but didn't feel like it was appropriate to ask them.

"It's fine." Conan shrugged. "You deserve to know. I should've told you a long time ago."

"Alright," Owen agreed unsurely. "So how did you become transgender?"

The brunette fumbled with his hands awkwardly. He really wasn't looking forward to explaining these things but at least Owen didn't start off with something invasive.

"It started off when I was younger. I never really fit in with the other... girls . I'd always go for action figures instead of dolls, I refused to wear bikinis even when everyone else was, I even dressed up as Niall Horan for halloween one year," he snickered at the memory.

girls "From One Direction?" Owen laughed.

"Yes. And you're not allowed to bully me about it," Conan nudged his side playfully before his tone grew solemn again. "Things started making more sense when I hit puberty. Before that, I always just felt sorta out of place but didn't know why. After I started developing more, I started to be more uncomfortable in my body and once I learned what being trans is, it just made sense to me. It was a word to explain all the feelings I had that I didn't understand."

"How did it happen?" Owen proceeded. "Like, what makes someone that way?"

Conan wanted to coo at the way the jock stumbled over his words, trying his best not to be offensive but not knowing where the line not to cross began.

"It's called gender dysphoria," he explained, "When your body doesn't match your mind and it causes discomfort. It's because of biological factors like brain structure and testosterone exposure in the womb, although all the technicalities aren't really known yet."

"So is that why you kept it a secret from people at school and stuff? Because of this gender dysphoria thingy?" Owen questioned as he collapsed against the bed too, rolling over onto his side so that they were looking into each other's eyes.

The conversation felt a lot more intimate in this position. While it made Conan more nervous, he also felt oddly cared about because of how lovingly the blonde was looking back at him.

"It's why I moved. People at my old school used to make fun of me since everyone knew me before I transitioned, so I figured starting over would be good." He moved onto his side to mirror Owen as he spoke, "And I didn't want a repeat of last time. I wanted to keep it a secret in case."

"What did they do to you?" Owen asked, angry and worried at the same time.

"It was more of an emotional thing rather than physical. I was always the topic of conversation, everyone gossiped about me, they spread horrible rumors, and I was known for the thing I hate most about myself. I couldn't handle that any longer. I had to get away."

known The blue in his eyes blurred over with tears again as he thought about all the memories he'd been repressing for months. Thinking about it was awful. His biggest insecurity was his gender and that's all anyone knew him for.

He was 'the trans kid'. Not Conan. All he wanted to be was Conan .

Conan "Has anyone done anything while you've been here?" Owen's fists clenched. Tara was already on his kill list and anyone else who dared upsetting the brunette would be right under her name.



He shook his head shyly, blushing at how protective the jock sounded. It was cute.

"No one knows except you, my family and Cailey. I guess Tara now too."

Owen sat up so fast that the entire bed shook. "Is that why Duncan's such a dick to you?" he demanded, furious now that he knew why Duncan was so mean to his brother.

"Yes and no." Conan sat up too and gripped Owen's arm before he could storm into his twin's room and bite his head off like an angry dog. "He's an ass since we moved here because of me and he just puts the blame on me. I'm the reason we left after all."

"But it's not your fault, it's those fucktards at your old school," he grumbled bitterly.

Conan laughed, "I know that. He doesn't."

"If anyone ever does anything then you need to tell me," Owen said seriously.

"I will," he promised.

"Good," the blonde grinned before pulling Conan into his lap. "Because I'll kill them."

"I know you will," he snorted. "What else do you want to know?"

Owen bit his bottom lip as he tried to figure out to ask his next question. He knew this one was for sure overbearing but he'd learn the answer eventually one way or another.

"Do you um, have uh... a dick?"

Conan inhaled sharply. He knew that one was coming. It was the famous thing every person just loved to ask every trans person. Usually he'd tell them to fuck off, but it was different since him and Owen were in a relationship. He deserved to know.

Conan looked away in humiliation. "I don't."

"Okay," Owen shrugged. "What was your old name?"

Conan blinked at him in confusion. " Okay ? That's all you're going to say?"

Okay "What? Was I supposed to say something else?"

"I just didn't expect you to dismiss us that quickly," he admitted. "Are you okay with that?"

"I've never been with someone who's had one before anyway. I've never even seen someone else's in person- I mean there was an incident with Gavin at the beach once, but I try to forget that happened," he shuddered at the memory. "What's the difference?"

It was weirdly relieving but slightly embarrassing at the same time. Owen was telling the truth since he genuinely didn't care. He was attracted to Conan and didn't mind the new information.

He decided to just change the subject. "My dead name is Caylah, but don't tell anyone else."

"I won't," he promised. "Also, how is your voice deep and stuff? You don't look like a girl at all."

"I take testosterone injections. It makes my voice deeper, I grow more hair, my fat distribution changes to make me look more masculine, some other things."

"Does it not make you taller?" He looked down at Conan's legs that were practically half the length his were.

"Your height is determined by your genetics. Sometimes testosterone makes you a little taller, but barely."

Owen hummed, deep in thought at he ran his big hands over the expanse of Conan's legs. "I like that you're short," he smiled to himself. "It's cute."

"I hate it. I have to literally climb on the counter just to get a cup sometimes," Conan shook his head.

"You underestimate the benefits of being small. I'm so tall that my body doesn't even fit under the shower head so I'm always freezing my ass off. And what about airplanes? It's so uncomfortable for me. I bet you're all cozy while I'm cramped between the seats like an Oreo."

Conan laughed as Owen flailed his hands around to exaggerate his story. While he'd still rather be taller, the blonde did make him feel a little bit better about his size.

"Okay, I have one more question, but I don't know how to phrase it without being offensive," the jock said worriedly. But it was an important thing he kind of had to know.

"It's fine," Conan waved it off. "I know you're not trying to be rude about it. Just ask."

Owen's eyes trailed to all over the room, anywhere but Conan. "Am I still supposed to call you my boyfriend? Or do I say girlfriend or like partner or something?"

"You still say boyfriend," Conan confirmed. "Being trans isn't like a third gender. I'm a guy even though I wasn't born one. I just happen to be trans but it isn't a defining feature, though so many people see it that way."

Owen nodded along, still clueless but he understood that Conan was his boyfriend and that was the important part.

"Okay." Owen pulled Conan back on the bed and rolled them over so that he was hovering over the shorter boy. "Then I'm glad you're my boyfriend."

boyfriend." The two boys cuddled together, relishing in the warmth radiating off of their skin. Both of them were elated that they were now at peace and understood the other's perspective.

Owen was just confused and uneducated while Conan was insecure and unsure of himself. He was shocked that the jock was so accepting. There was no doubt in his mind before that Owen wouldn't break up with him, but now it was completely different.

Now, they were in love.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 30: WHISPERED RUMORS ROAM


30.

It was the weekend, so Conan spent the entire time worrying his ass off. Neither Owen nor Duncan were able to get in contact with Tara and Monday was going to be the day they confronted her. Either the word was going to spread around the entire school and he had to move again, or they got to stop her before she did anything.

30. 30.

But it had already been days since Duncan led her to finding out so the odds of any good outcome happening was basically off the table.

"I'm sure it'll be fine," Duncan tried to console him awkwardly as they drove to school together.

"Just shut up." The back of Conan's head flew back harshly as he squeezed his eyes closed. It was most definitely not going to be fine.

fine. "I'm just trying to help," he argued, "I'm still not happy about everything but I don't want to fight with you anymore."

Ever since Owen blew up on him before football practice, Duncan was thinking about the boy's words nonstop. Everything he said was true and it angered him because he knew he was right.

Duncan was being out of line. He'd been unnecessarily mean and he wanted to mend things despite his stubborn attitude. He wanted to just push it past them without really addressing it.

"You're still a piece of shit," Conan reminded. "But I'm tired of putting up with you so it's whatever." He waved it off.

"I'm okay with that." Duncan exhaled, "since we're on speaking terms now, can I ask why you're dating Wilson of all people?"

"Because I love him." Conan's eyes narrowed as his brother drove the car. Did he really have the audacity to ask that? "He's a great guy. Much better than you."

"I'm sure there are other people that are into short brunettes. What about that girl Cailey? She's pretty."

"First off, Cailey is a lesbian," Conan scoffed. "And second of all, I don't want anyone else. I want Owen."

Duncan groaned as they pulled into the school. "I can't fucking stand that guy. Are you going to start bringing him home for Thanksgiving and Christmas and shit? That'll be fucking awful."

"You know, you're making it really hard for me to start tolerating your bullshit again."

"Whatever." Duncan parked the car and they both got out. "I'll see you later."

Conan didn't want to be alone when he had to confront Tara, but Owen could go with him. As long as he had someone it would be fine. Cailey would probably want to be there too to kick her ass if she did anything. That girl could be terrifying when she wanted to.

Walking into the school, he texted Owen a couple times to find him, but there was no response. He slowly began to realize that students were whispering and trying to subtly inspecting him.

It was too late. Tara had told everyone.

Conan's palms felt sweaty and he immediately texted Owen again in hopes of a response. No answer.

The whispers just seemed to get louder and the staring became more intense. In reality it wasn't nearly as bad as it felt but his nerves sent all his senses into overdrive. It felt like the entire planet was laughing at him, judging him and looking straight through him.

His breathing picked up as he sped up. He wanted to be alone but decided the boy's bathroom wasn't the smartest idea at the moment. He just turned down halls, trying to find somewhere secluded but it was as if every inch of the school was infested with people.

"Come on Owen, just pick up," he muttered as he tried to Face-time his boyfriend. He was biting his lip so hard that his teeth tore through the flesh but he couldn't feel it. His hands were trembling when the phone rang until it timed out.



When the bell rang, he flinched. Everyone started rushing to their classes and his short frame got swallowed into the crowd. He wanted to cry because of how overwhelmed he felt.

"You're Conan right?" A random girl tapped him on the shoulder.

"Um, yeah," he answered nervously. What did she want?

"Is it true?" she asked him with wide, curious eyes.

His pounding heart fell through his stomach. It wasn't like he could deny it because it was obvious.

He passed well since he just looked gay. Unless you're trans or were familiar with trans people, everyone just assumed he was a gay male. But if it was pointed out then he was screwed.

His soft features and height were undeniable. Anyone with sight could put two and two together. Telling the truth and lying were both useless. So what was he supposed to say?

If he was honest then she'd bombard him with invasive questions that he wasn't willing to answer. If he lied then she'd probably point out his feminine features and say stuff that'd make him even more dysphoric. It was no use.

"You should join GSA," she said when he was silent. "Lots of people just like you are in it. I'm sure you'll fit right in!" she encouraged with a bright grin.

She was trying to be positive and sweet but it was only making Conan feel even worse than he already did.

"I think it's really brave of you to be so confident in your identity! More people should be like you."

He nodded along as she blabbered. His face was pale as the blood drained from it, nerves buzzing so much that everything went numb. Everything felt numb.

He turned around mid conversation and scurried off to his first period. He couldn't handle her words any longer.

When he got to his classroom, he remembered that Tara was in the same class as him. She was smirking at him as she leaned back in her seat. Conan's blood would've been boiling if he didn't already feel so lifeless.

Her cocky expression disappeared when he completely ignored her and silently sat in his usual seat. He didn't want to talk to her alone. Even if he did, he didn't have anything to say. The girl obviously had no remorse so what was the point? It wouldn't make a damn difference.

Tara eventually realized that Conan wasn't planning on speaking to her so she turned around with a huff as she gossiped with her other popular friends. Probably about him. But he didn't care.

He felt oddly... okay? As if he was so upset that everything just felt comical. He wanted to laugh, he really did. Nothing could ever just go right for him and it never would. How pathetic his life was was hilarious and so he just stopped caring. All the life had been drained out of him by some careless girl that was absolutely heartless.

School dragged on and each class made him feel even more shitty. Eyes were on him wherever he went, whispers hot on his trail. After a while he barely noticed anymore.

When lunch rolled around he planned on hiding in the cafeteria because Owen still hadn't responded to him. He was worried about the blonde but was busy with other thoughts so he didn't question it, figuring he must've overslept or something else harmless.

still "Conan!" He heard Gavin call his name from across the cafeteria and he groaned to himself. What now?

"Hey," he greeted grimly, not phased by how more stares followed by the boy's presence.

"I heard about what happened. I'm really sorry," he said sympathetically. "Is Owen too?"

I blinked at him in confusion. Owen had told him before that the two were friends ever since they were little kids. Obviously he would know if Owen was trans.



"No, he isn't," he responded unsurely.

"I just figured he might be since you've been hanging out together so much that it was true," his tone sounded almost disappointed.

"Uh, well he isn't." Conan rolled onto his heels awkwardly as he stood there in utter confusion.

"Anyway, I'm sorry Tara's such a bitch. I swear that girl is satan in disguise," he snickered. "I'll talk to you later." He patted Conan's head a few times before finding his football friends in the cafeteria for lunch.

"Oh my god, Conan!" another familiar voice shrieked. Cailey ran over to him with sorrow written all over her face. "I'm going to beat Tara's flat ass! I swear to fucking god."

"Can I watch?" he sighed. "What have you heard people saying- do I even want to know?"

"Nothing too awful." She ruffled his hair with a bittersweet smile. "Look on the bright side, at least nobody knows about your secret."

"What?" Conan jumped away from her as his mind raced. Did he hear her right?

Nobody knows about his secret? Relief flooded through him. But if nobody knew he's trans... what was everyone gossiping about? What did Tara tell them?

"At least no one knows you're trans, I mean," she clarified.

"What did Tara tell everyone?" he questioned in a shaky voice.

Cailey frowned. "You don't know?"

"I thought that's what she was telling everyone!" he exclaimed. "What has she been saying then?"

"She's been saying that you're gay."

He felt so relieved that he could've cried on the spot.

His secret was still hidden. Tara didn't know, nobody knew. It would all be okay.

"I just feel awful for poor Owen," she continued, "a lot of sporty guys are homophobic. His sexuality might compromise his future if it spreads that far."

He felt horrible again.

"She's been telling people we're together too?!" He didn't think she would go that far since she cared for Owen and wanted to rekindle their relationship. Why would she out him too? Nothing was making any sense.

"Not directly. That was one of the biggest rumors that started since you guys are together constantly now."

That made sense. That made a lot of sense.

"Owen hasn't been responding to me all day. Do you think that's why? That people have been saying things to him?" Conan questioned worriedly.

What if his boyfriend was sitting alone in his dark room, surrounded by used tissues with tubs of devoured ice cream everywhere as he cried? What if Conan was the reason Owen's future was ruined? He had worked so hard for everything he achieved and all of that could be obliterated in an instant. All because of how fucking careless Tara was.

"Shit. Maybe," Cailey shrugged. "We can ditch the rest of school to go check on him if you want."

Conan immediately nodded in agreement. Screw school, Lillian would understand and even if he got in trouble, the jock was way more important to him than any possible repercussions he'd face.

"Let's sneak out the back," Conan ushered to the spot him and Owen used when they went on their arcade date. His heart clenched painfully at the memory.

If all of their progress and communication went down the gutter then it would be hell putting it all back together. Maybe Owen wouldn't blame Conan since he seemed to be so understanding before, but that didn't change the fact that he could've compromised his entire career. Conan wouldn't be able to live with himself if that happened. He barely could as it was.

"I'm sure he's fine," Cailey assured as I hurriedly sped through the parking lot.

Fuck Duncan. He could walk home.

"You're just saying that." They both bolted over to his car. "You don't have to reassure me."

Cailey didn't respond as she got into the passenger's seat. She felt guilty for mentioning Owen's football career. She could tell how upset Conan was over the thought and she instantly knew that it was a mistake.

They sped down the street and toward Owen's gigantic house. Both of them were full of concern. Neither knew what they'd walk in on once they were inside and whatever it was, they probably wouldn't be thrilled about it.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 31: OWEN WILSON


31.

Owen woke up in an even better mood than usual. He went about his regular morning routine. Showering, brushing his teeth, getting distracted by his phone for fifteen minutes so that he was almost late, the usual.

31. 31.

Today was going to be a good day- he was sure of it. At least he was until he went downstairs for breakfast, just to find Arthur at the dining room table.

"Owen!" Debra smiled nervously. "Good morning sweetie."

"Is that all you're going to say?" Owen watched Arthur suspiciously as the man cut into his pancakes casually.

Just the simple action had him on edge. Arthur was oddly quiet. He's never quiet. Something felt off.

"Let's have one of the maids fetch you some breakfast before you're on your way to school," Debra suggested and went to stand up, but Arthur stopped her with his hand.

He leisurely finished chewing his food. Debra and Owen were watching him, the anticipation building until he swallowed the last bite. The man cleared his throat before wiping his mouth with the cloth napkin.

"Why don't you leave?" he said to Debra. "Owen and I are going to talk like men."

"I don't think that's a good idea." She sounded anxious, scared of what would come of the two testosterone-driven males clashing together.

"It's fine, mom," Owen squared his shoulders out to seem more intimidating.

He was bigger than Arthur and the observation satisfied him to no end. Though Arthur didn't give a damn. He wasn't scared of his own son. Funnily enough, Owen was scared of him.

him. "Let's go on a walk, son." Arthur stood up and pushed his seat in formally.

Owen dropped his backpack on the ground that contained his phone and half-full plastic water bottle as he followed after him. He decided that he wasn't going to school today since it was the last thing on his mind. Now he was too busy focused on whether they were going outside to actually talk or if it was code for a brawl.

Debra watched them worriedly from the front window as they walked side by side down the driveway. She had a bad feeling about what was going to come.

"What did you want to say?" Owen bluntly asked. He wasn't going to waste time beating around the bush.

"Eager, are we?" Arthur scoffed.

The miniature pebbles crunched under their feet as they walked across their large front yard. Not even the pretty flowers or shining sun brightened Owen's now ruined mood.

"I have a busy day ahead of me." It wasn't a lie. He had track after school was over, but he doubted he'd be going to school today after this.

"Have you immersed yourself in your academics now?" Arthur sounded surprised. He didn't think his son would actually listen to his wishes and put effort into school.

"Can you just get to it?" Owen snapped.

Arthur sighed, seeming agitated with his son's impatience. "I want to make things right between us."

The jock stopped in his tracks as he tried to process what his dad just said.

Make things right?

Make things right? Now he wanted to mend their relationship? After all the horrid years and wasted time, now he wanted to change it, now he suddenly cared?

Now now now "And why would you wanna do that?" Owen gritted his jaw. He didn't believe Arthur.

He wanted to, but he couldn't.



"Luke and I had a private conversation." He looked at the ground in thought. "He put some things... into perspective."

"What did Luke say to you?" Owen deadpanned.

Arthur's brows knitted tightly together. "That's your response?"

"I asked you a question!" Owen's voice came out louder than he expected as he panicked. Did Luke tell him about his sexuality?

"I tried to be patient with you, and this is how you act?" Arthur shook his head in disbelief. "Why do I even try at this point!"

Before he could think, Owen had his hands matching onto Arthur's wrists. His harsh grip resulted in his nails digger into the older man's skin painfully. "What did Luke tell you!" he repeated.

Arthur tried to yank himself away but Owen just held on harder, spiking his anger. "Let go of me!"

"Not until you tell me what Luke said!" he cried.

His heart was beating rapidly, he wasn't ready for Arthur to know. He was learning to accept the rest of the world knowing, but his own father? It seemed so much worse. Because his opinion mattered to Owen, whether he liked it or not, Arthur's opinion mattered to him. Maybe he pretended it didn't- but it was just the tough facade he put up. It wasn't reality.

"He told you, didn't he?" Owen yelled as anger sizzled through his veins.

"Get the hell away from me!" Arthur struggled like a mouse caught in a bear trap. But Owen didn't bat an eye.

"Answer the fucking question!" he demanded.

"What in god's name are you talking about?!"

"I'm gay!"

Both of them stilled and all the anger faded away. By the shocked look on Arthur's face, Owen presumed that maybe he didn't know after all.

His rage was replaced with fear that he covered up in an instant. He couldn't seem afraid. He had to be brave.

Owen let him go and stepped back awkwardly, trying to decipher Arthur's thoughts. He hadn't said a single word and didn't look like he was going to anytime soon.

Well, fuck it.

Well, fuck it. "Maybe bisexual, I don't know how all that works exactly." He shrugged, wanting to mention Conan, but he didn't trust him with that knowledge.

The silence make Owen squirm uncomfortably. As much as he tried to act tough, Arthur saw right through it. He saw the scared little boy buried underneath all of his wall. And it only pissed Owen off, making him put up more barriers, but it didn't work. It never did.

"Out of all my children," he spoke blandly, "you're the most disappointing. First, you're incompetent, and now? You're fucking revolting."

Owen stood there silently as Arthur began to yell so loudly that the birds in trees flapped away. He felt like the little kid he used to be when he brought home his average report card, when he was scolded and reprimanded, when he was called an idiot.

He wanted to scream back. He wanted to tell his father he was was wrong, that he was more than what Arthur made him out to be, he really did. But his mouth forgot how to form words and his brain couldn't comprehend anything other than how awful he felt- for endless reasons.

"I'm talking to you!" Arthur shouted when Owen turned away. He continued to scold him but the blonde kept on going.

Once he was out of view, his eyes watered. He attempted to choke them down but it made his throat burn. He furiously wiped the droplets that escaped without his consent, pretending they weren't there.

But they were. And they weren't going away anytime soon.

He desperately wanted to talk to Conan but he left his phone in the house and school was out of the question now. So he did the only other thing he knew how. He ran.

The breeze messed up his hair as he sprinted down street after street. He didn't know where to go and since he hadn't memorized Conan's number, he just decided to go to his house and wait until he came back. It'd be hours but it would be worth the wait.

His entire body was buzzing as he sprinted to his boyfriend's house. Not a single more tear fell down his cheek. He refused to let that happen.

He's Owen Wilson.

Owen Wilson. Owen Wilson doesn't cry! Owen Wilson isn't afraid of his father! Owen Wilson doesn't cower away from a challenge!

But is that who he really is, or is that who everyone makes him out to be?

really Because in his eyes, Owen Wilson was just a sad boy who hid all his hurt behind a football jersey.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 32: BE BRAVE


32.

Conan impatiently knocked on Owen's front door with Cailey behind him. He was ridden with nerves. He had a bad feeling that something was wrong.

32. 32.

"Conan?" Debra answered the door. Her face was red from crying and her voice came out broken.

He smiled awkwardly at her, anxious to get inside and see Owen. "Hi Mrs Wilson. Is Owen okay? He hasn't been answering his phone all day."

"He isn't home right now sweetie," she sighed. "I'm not sure where he is."

Conan's body was now filled with disappointment and even more worry. "Did something bad happen?"

"It's just a little family trouble, that's all," she lied. She didn't want to tarnish their family reputation nor disclose information that Owen might've wanted to keep private.

"Is that Owen at the door?!" an unfamiliar voice barked from behind Debra who flinched. "Tell that faggot to get the fuck out of here!"

Conan's eyes widened, wondering if he heard Arthur right. Cailey nudged his side and mouthed 'did he come out to his dad' fearfully.

"It's just a few friends from school, that's all." Debra laughed nervously and went to abruptly shut the door but Arthur stalked over and wrenched it back open.

"Friends of Owen?" He looked the two teenagers up and down in disgust. "Figures."

"Arthur, please!" Debra hissed, trying to close it again but he was stronger.

"You two little shits tell Owen that I never want him back here again. Got that?" he spat. "I'm done with him! Done!"

Cailey crossed her arms angrily. "I don't know what your goddamn problem is, but I figure this is the last place Owen would want to be right now. Come on Conan, let's go."

She grabbed his arm to pull him away but he stood his ground. He looked Arthur in the eyes, fury in his veins.

In that moment, he would've done anything to be cisgender. All he wanted to do was go up to Owen's dad and punch that disgusting look off of his ugly face. He wanted to stick up for the man he loved and tell Arthur was a dick he is. He wanted to be his height, have muscles strong enough to beat him in a fight, genes that would help put the asshole in his place.

But all he had was words and the willpower to take a couple hits if need be.

"So he told you then?" Conan clenched his jaw.

"Conan," Debra rushed out, "it was lovely to see you honey, but I-"

"No." Arthur grabbed her sleeve and yanked her away from the door before sneering down at Conan who he towered over. "Let's see what the boy has to say!"

"You don't have to do this," Cailey tried to pull him away too but Conan didn't budge. "Let's just go find him, okay?"

The two men stared each other down in disgust. Conan was pretending not to be scared when deep down? He was terrified.

"Owen is a great person." Conan held back from lashing out. "Owen is such a good guy and he deserves so much fucking better than you."

such Arthur laughed. "What are you? His boyfriend?"

Conan inwardly cursed when his eyes dropped to the ground and his cheeks turned pink. He hated himself for being so weak.

"So what if he is?" Cailey answered for him. "What's it to you, huh?"

Arthur looked taken aback. He didn't actually think Owen had a boyfriend and didn't know how to respond. Instead he inspected Conan more in depth this time, wondering how the boy managed to turn his masculine son into a fairy.



"Let's just go," Conan turned around in shame. He felt so useless that he was on the verge of tears.

Why couldn't he just be strong? Why couldn't he be like Owen? Owen would do it for him. That made him feel even worse, like he didn't deserve the blonde.

Cailey solemnly nodded and they were about to leave until Arthur called after them. "I knew there's no way my son could be gay. You look so feminine I could've mistaken you for a damn woman!"

They both stopped, the air tense. Neither Arthur nor Debra understood why his statement seemed to upset the two so much, but by the way Conan turned around, they could tell it did. His face was red from anger, his entire entity raging with the urge to beat Arthur to a pulp.

It hurt. It hurt so much because what if Arthur was right? What if Owen really only did like him because of his feminine qualities? What if Owen was subconsciously just attracted to the part of him he hated the most?

so much "You don't get the fucking privilege of calling Owen your son!" Conan screamed as he stormed back over to the front door. "How blind do you have to be to not realize how perfect Owen is?! Any other parent would kill to have a kid like Owen! And you don't appreciate it, you don't give a shit about him!"

"Watch your damn mouth!" Arthur shouted. "You know nothing about this family. You have no idea what he's like! I've been raising him since he was born and you? How long have you known him? A couple months?" he snorted.

nothing "I've learned more about him in a couple months than you have in seventeen years! You're the one that doesn't know anything about him!" Conan was shaking. His chest was heaving and he was so close to exploding altogether. "Have you been to a single one of his football games? Have you ever seen him run across the field? Have you ever seen him get the winning touchdown? Have you seen him do anything? Maybe he can't solve a fucking math problem, but he's so good at sports. If you cared even just a little bit then you'd see he isn't as worthless as you seem to think he is!"

a couple months anything? It happened in a flash really. One moment Conan was screaming while the next Arthur was punching him in the jaw. The fragile boy flew backward from the impact and pain exploded through his face.

Conan's ears were ringing but he faintly heard Debra screaming while Cailey dropped to her knees next to him. She was trying to say something but he was still processing what just happened.

The ringing suddenly zapped back to reality as Arthur's actions became clear in his mind. He punched him. The middle-aged man punched a small teenage boy in the face.

"What on earth is wrong with you?!" Debra cried as she slapped her husband across the face.

"Come on, we'll get him back later," Cailey promised Conan in a whisper. "We need to get out of here."

Tears stung in his eyes as the two bolted down the pathway back to his car. The couple were yelling at the top of their lungs but Conan couldn't bring himself to look back. The only thing that hurt more than his aching jaw was his demolished pride.

"You know that Owen doesn't see you as a girl, right?" Cailey suddenly loudly asked as they neared their car. "He doesn't care that you're transgender. He didn't even know until recently- there's no way he sees you as a woman."

She was reading his mind. He really did feel like Arthur was right despite knowing better.

Logically, Cailey was right. But his insecurities were all pointing to Owen's shitty father instead.

"Whatever, at least nobody at school knows." He shrugged before getting in his car. "I don't care what that jackass thinks anyway," he lied.

He did care. He cared way too much.

"As long as you know." She huffed, buckling her seatbelt. "Fuck Owen's dad. I can't believe he actually hit you."

"Please don't tell him," Conan pleaded, "you know he'll freak out and murder him."

Cailey scoffed. "That's exactly why we should tell him."

should "I can't cause him even more trouble right now. Please?"

"Fine," she groaned. "That's definitely going to leave a bruise though. What are you going to tell him happened?"

"I don't know, I'll figure it out." He sighed, pulling onto the main road. "Now we just have to find my missing boyfriend."

"He's probably at the football field or some jocky shit." She snorted. "Is there anywhere else you think he might be?"

Conan thought about it. "I guess we could check there first. I have no idea where he could be."

They drove around for two hours and still couldn't find him. Eventually Conan had to drop Cailey off at home because she had piano lessons, but he kept looking for an extra hour before giving up and going home.

His spirits were low as he neared his neighborhood. Why couldn't Owen have gone somewhere he'd know? He thought that he'd want to talk to him before anybody else but figured he wanted to be alone then.

When he got inside, he kicked his shoes off with a huff and threw his backpack on the ground in anger. Lillian tried talking to him but he stormed past her and into his room. He slammed the door shut, resting his forehead against it and squeezing his eyes shut with an exhausted sigh.

Then he almost choked when he felt two familiar, strong arms wrapping around him from behind.

"Tough day?"





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 33: ALL OF YOU


[Mature chapter]

[Mature chapter] 33.

"Oh my god, are you alright?" Conan gasped, turning around and making Owen's arms slide to his front instead.

33. 33.

By now, Conan had forgotten all about Tara and the rumors. Well they weren't exactly rumors since she was right, but he wasn't thinking about that as relief flooded through him.

Owen was okay.

"What happened to your face?" Owen frowned, gently cupping Conan's face and tilting his head to get a better view of the wound. "Who did this?"

"I uh- um, I-"

"Don't lie to me." Owen's eyes narrowed. "Someone hit you. Was it someone from school?"

He sounded so angry that it scared Conan. Now wasn't the time to make Owen even more upset with his father. Then had so many things to discuss.

"So you came out to your dad?" he changed the subject, knowing the blonde got off track easily.

"How do you know?" he asked with wide eyes.

"Cailey and I stopped by your house since you weren't responding." He shrugged. "Why weren't you answering your phone? I've been texting you all day."

"I left it upstairs when everything happened with my parents. What did they say to you? Did they do anything?" His voice grew venomous, "is my father the one who did this?"

Conan blushed, caught red handed. "Are you going to do something stupid if I say yes?"

"Hell yeah I will," Owen scoffed, jaw clenching angrily. "I'm going to fucking kill him for hurting you. Did he do anything else?"

"No," Conan answered too quickly before his eyes focused on the ground. He was busted again.

The jock sighed with an endearing smile. "You're going to have to work on your lying if you want to convince me of something. Now get on with it. What did he say to you?"

"Just some stupid stuff about you and sports me and that you only like me because I look like a girl since he thinks you're still straight," he rushed out the last bit so fast that it took Owen a moment to understand what he was saying.

"Are you fucking serious?" Owen's fists clenched. "I swear to god when I get my hands on him-"

"We have to talk about some stuff. It can wait." Conan surprised Owen with a hug. The brunette rested his face in Owen's neck as their arms secured around one another. "A lot has happened today."

"What's the matter?" Owen mumbled, only half listening as he inhaled the scent of Conan's shampoo that he loved. He was exhausted from the day's events too.

"Tara told everyone that I'm gay, not about my gender. I was relieved at first until everyone started spreading rumors that you and I are dating." He paused. "I mean it's the truth. But I feel like shit."

"Why do you care if people know you're gay?" Owen questioned in confusion, wondering if anyone looked at Conan and thought he was straight because of his appearance.

anyone Conan's heart malfunctioned. "That's your response?" He pulled back slightly. "Did you not hear me say that basically everyone knows we're dating? As in they know you aren't straight?"

Owen waved it off and tugged Conan back into his embrace, falling back on the bed together. "After telling my dad, I don't think anyone else's reaction could bother me. It is what it is. They'd find out eventually."

Conan sat up so that he was straddling the blonde and looked into his eyes affectionately. "I know he's your dad and all, but believe me when I say he's wrong about you. You're so smart. Maybe not in the exact ways he wishes you were, but that doesn't make you stupid."



"You're so beautiful." Owen grinned tiredly, interlocking their fingers and squeezing his boyfriend's hand as he admired the way Conan's eyes shone.

Conan's face burned red and he looked down at the jock's chest. "Stop doing that," he whined.

"Stop doing what?" he laughed. "Complimenting my boyfriend ? Never."

boyfriend "I meant stop making me fall in love with you so hard," Conan slowly met his gaze again.

The blonde smiled so widely his cheeks hurt. "I, Owen James Wilson, pledge to never making you, Conan Something Hill, fall hopelessly in love with me."

"How can you say that when you don't even know my middle name!" Conan exclaimed teasingly. "I know yours!"

"It never came up! I'm sorry!" Owen sat up so that their chests were touching. "Forgive me."

Conan kissed him, circling his arms around the jock's neck and smiling into the kiss. "My middle name?" he breathed heavily. "It's Everett."

"Everett?" Owen repeated in a daze. "Did you pick it? Why that?"

Conan's fingers tangled in the back of Owen's hair as he hummed to himself. "I picked it 'cause it means brave."

"It's cool that you got to pick your name. I wish I could've picked mine," Owen complained. "What if I had some badass name like Axel? Axel Wilson. I like the sound of that!"

"Of all names you got to pick, you chose Axel?" Conan scrunched up his nose in distaste. "I like Owen Wilson. It sounds sexy."

"Owen it is then."

He kissed Conan softly, pulling back to gaze into the beautiful blue eyes that he loved. They stared at each other in adoration before Conan ruined the silent moment.

"Do you want to have sex?" he blurted out, face palming after he realized what he said as Owen looked at him in shock. "I just mean because I know you've been with a lot of people in the past! And we've been together for a while now and... any other couple would've done it by now."

it The blonde swallowed down his nerves. He did want to be intimate with the boy he loved but didn't want to push him or make him uncomfortable so he never brought the subject.

"I do want to," he admitted quietly. "But don't feel obligated just because of me. I can wait until you're ready, I don't want to make you uncomfortable or anything."

"I'm fine, Owen," he whispered, leaning in for another kiss. "I trust you. I want to too."

Owen held back a groan of pleasure when Conan shifted in his lap, their lips colliding passionately. He felt his stomach start to pool with desire for the boy that rested in his lap, panting with shyness written all over his face.

"I don't know what I'm doing," Conan admitted awkwardly as he paused his actions.

"Just follow my lead," Owen instructed in a deep voice thick with lust. He was getting excited way too fast. "I'll teach you."

He pulled his shirt off as Conan shyly watched. Owen had mouthwatering abs that made the brunette's throat tighten in want. Owen reached to pull off Conan's shirt too but he held out his hands.

"Is it okay if I turn the light off?" he requested meekly. "I... I trust you but it's still embarrassing."

"Of course," Owen nodded, watching Conan as he slid off his lap to flip the light switch off. The room was dark but the moonlight illuminated it just enough for them to see each other, just less vividly.

"So there are a few things to explain first." Conan stood at the foot of his bed, slowly starting to tug off his own shirt. "I had top surgery so I have scars from it. It's not pretty and I can keep my shirt on if you wa—"



"Conan, shut up," Owen laughed while he blushed. "Come here."

The boy approached him hesitantly, cheeks tinted red as the blonde grasped each side of his face to lock their eyes. "I love you," he murmured. "I love every part of you. Every fault, every imperfection, every scar. I love all of you and I want all of you."

He took Conan's shirt off the rest of the way so that his bare chest was now exposed. He ran his hands up and down the brunette's sides, his erection now painful in his shorts. Conan appeared so delicate and fragile, his form blurry from the lack of light but still perfect in Owen's eyes, because he did love him. He did love all of him.

"You're so cute, it shouldn't be legal." Owen groaned as Conan smiled, embarrassed but loving how sweet the teenager was being.

The blonde guided him back into his lap. "Thank you for being so sweet about this. I know it must be annoying," Conan mumbled.

"Stop looking so sad. Let me be romantic," Owen whined.

"I'm sorry." Conan rested his hands on the jock's shoulders. "There are a few more things to tell you first. Do you have any questions?"

He nodded. "I normally wouldn't ask but this is kind of important. Which... way do you want me to um, you know?l

Conan understood what he was asking despite the awkward phrasing. "Cis guys do it in the ass because they have prostates, but I don't, so the opposite way," he explained with a burning face. "But it makes me uncomfortable to use female terms. Just refer to everything the way you would with any other guy."

"I can do that," Owen agreed, impatiently digging his fingers into Conan's waistband. "Can I take these off?"

"You first." His skin felt hot, the fire only heating up more when Owen didn't even hesitate to stand up and tear his boxers and shorts down in one go.

His erection was painful and he was beyond eager to make his boyfriend feel good. Maybe he didn't know exactly what he was doing, but the act in itself was enough to peak his interest. Conan couldn't help the little bit of jealousy he felt by seeing Owen's masculine body. He was shaped like a god with all his muscles and boner that made Conan aware of just how turned on he was. It was almost cute but he refrained from laughing.

"May I?" Owen's fingertips were tucked into his waistband again. Conan gulped, hesitantly giving him the go ahead.

Owen pulled down the remaining clothing between them so that the two were completely exposed.

Conan has never blushed so hard before until that moment. Owen looked like he wanted to eat him and he was scared that he kind of wished he would.



"You're so fucking perfect," Owen observed, laying Conan down so that his back was against the sheets. "I still can't believe I get to call you mine."

"I told you to stop being so sweet," Conan groaned. "Just get on with it."

Owen laid down too so that he was hovering over him, chests pressed together with his length in-between them.



"This is my first time with you. I'm not going to 'just get on with it'. I want this to be memorable," Owen argued. Plus, he wanted to prove to Conan that his gender didn't mean anything to him. He'd already accepted that Conan was a guy after realizing his feelings. The hard part was over.

Conan rolled his eyes. He looked up at Owen's face as their breaths mingled. The blonde drew in a sharp breath as he realized something important.

"Uh, do you have, stuff?" He asked. Conan flushed, nodding. He gestured to his nightstand.

"Middle drawer," he murmured. Owen nodded, not leaving his position. He pulled open the drawer and pulled out a condom. He tore open the package open with his teeth and slipped it on.

"Ready?" Owen asked, parting the smaller boy's legs as he got situated between them.

"Go ahead," Conan encouraged when he paused. "I'm ready. It's okay."

He Owen's bicep as he pushed his length into him, wincing at the stretch. The blonde was going as slow as his body would let him. He gritted his jaw, groaning at the overwhelming feel of Conan's heat wrapped around him.

"Fucking hell," Owen grunted, chewing on his bottom lip and resting his forehead against Conan's while he tried to regulate his breathing.

"Ah, Owen," he whimpered when he slid in further. Accommodating to his size was painful but not nearly as bad as he imagined it to be.

He looked down at Conan in admiration, kissing him as a distraction as he pushed his length in the rest of the way with another groan.

"Oh my god," Conan moaned when Owen brushed against his bundle of nerves that felt like electricity up his spine. The feeling was unfamiliar and shocked him, leaving a craving for more.

"Is this okay?" Owen panted, "do you want me to stop?"

"No, I..." He felt his heart melt into a puddle by the way Owen gazed at him so lovingly. "I want you too. All of you."





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 34: THE REAL PRIZE


34.

Another week passed by and the whole track team spent every second practicing. They were beyond ready to beat Lake Howell High School, riding the bus together with their spirits high.

34. 34.

The truth about the rumors of Owen and Conan dating was revealed the next day when the jock shamelessly kissed him in the middle of the courtyard. After coming out to his father, he didn't care about anyone else's reaction. Not that a single person even dared to offend the golden boy.

Though people didn't care about offending Conan since he wasn't considered popular. At least until then, he wasn't. Multiple students approached him, asking for juicy details and tons of invasive questions he didn't want to answer. It wasn't fun but it was better than gossip about his gender spreading around.

Lillian and Jon grounded Duncan for the time being, which meant he wasn't allowed to participate in any sports. He didn't bother trying to talk his way out of the punishment. He knew he deserved it and couldn't find it in him to be angry at anyone but himself.

Owen and Conan were finally a free, happy couple. They could openly be themselves without having to worry about any secrets getting out. Nobody else knew he's trans and their sexualities didn't matter anymore.

Life was good. All the pieces were finally settling into place.

"Did you seriously tell my mom about the meet today?!" Conan said in exasperation, gently whacking the side of Owen's head. "Why would you do that? You know how embarrassing she can be!"

"She asked! I can't lie- I want her to like me!" Owen rubbing the spot Conan hit while pouting.

"Traitor," he grumbled.

"I prefer the term loving boyfriend," Owen scoffed, crossing his arms and leaning his back against the bus seat.

loving boyfriend," "You kinda did snitch on him," Cailey sat on her knees backward in her chair in front of them, resting her chin on the back of it. "I'd call you a traitor too."

Gavin, who was sitting next to Cailey, mirrored her actions. "Stop attacking him! I think he was being a loving boyfriend or some other cringy shit."

loving boyfriend "Thank you! At least someone agrees with me." He glared at Conan playfully.

"Gavin has as many brain cells as the population of Florida. His opinion is irrelevant."

Gavin gasped. "That's the meanest thing you've ever said to me!"

"You heard me," Conan shrugged.

"Hey! Get your behinds back in your seats!" Coach yelled from the front of the bus at Gavin and Cailey who listened with an annoyed huff.

Owen nudged Conan's shoulder with a cheeky smile now that they were by themselves. "You wanna pick up where we left off the last time we were on this bus?"

Conan blushed at the memory of them secretly making out in the back despite all the people being around. The risk of getting caught just made it even hotter at the time.

"I don't know if you deserve it, snitch." Conan bit back a grin when Owen groaned.

"My mom is coming too! Can't we suffer together?" he pleaded.

"Yeah, but your mom isn't going to scream your name from the bleachers the entire time."

"You're mean," he sulked. "Does that mean no kisses?"

Conan sighed, not being able to resist how cute Owen was being and cupped the side of his face, connecting their lips.

Owen grinned into the kiss and tugged Conan closer to him. Their hands ran over each other, becoming entranced as they lost themselves.

"Yo lovebirds! We're here so I suggest fucking after we win," Gavin called from the front of the bus. It was now empty and neither of them even noticed everyone getting off.

"Sorry!" Owen yelled back but he didn't sound apologetic at all as he smirked, admiring Conan's swollen lips.

They clumsily clambered out of the vehicle and joined the team. Owen jogged to the front, giving one of his usual inspiring speeches. Conan wasn't listening at all, instead lovingly cherishing how attractive his boyfriend is.

Everyone did their normal warm-ups and stretches, excited for the meet to start. Lillian was screaming from the stands with Debra and an embarrassed Luke right by her side.

"That's my boy!" she shrieked, other parents looking at her weirdly but she didn't care.

"They're just doing the warm-ups right now," he whispered. "The game hasn't even started yet."

"Oh hush!" Debra elbowed his side. "Cheer for your brother and Conan! Gavin's up there, why don't you cheer for him too?"

Luke blushed but neither of the women had their eyes on him, too focused on the runners. His eyes traveled to Gavin who was one of the fastest teammates.

"Go, Conan! Go, Owen! Woo hoo!" Lillian cried, making a song out of her cheering and dancing to it.

The meet was over after hours of exhaustion. As always, Owen came in first with Conan and Gavin close behind him. The other team was furious but were expecting the loss since the Owen Wilson was involved.

the Debra and Lillian went home, leaving Luke with the celebrating team despite Owen's protesting. They were going to hang out at the lake so after they got off the bus everyone scrambled to their cars, driving straight there.

They blasted loud music and clinked various bottles of alcohol. Some were drunkenly dancing with others who were smoking weed, contemplating their existence.

"You did really good today," Owen complimented Conan while they laid down in a secluded spot, staring up at the stars. "I can't wait for the football game next week. Now that Duncan's gone I can enjoy practice," he snorted.

"I'm coming to watch." Conan snuggled closer to Owen when the cold breeze hit their skin.

"Good." He wrapped an arm around the brunette's waist and used his grip to press a kiss to Conan's forehead. "I wanna have somebody to show off after I win. Everybody's going to be jealous of you. Try not to gloat too much. A little gloating is earned though," he joked.

"You're so goddamn conceited sometimes," Conan laughed, rolling over so that he was straddling Owen. "But you're right. I kind of do get bragging rights for scoring Owen Wilson."

Conan yelped when the jock flipped them over so that he was on top. "You didn't score Owen Wilson," he shook his head as he brushed his lips against the shorter boy's. "You got Owen," he whispered.

Owen Wilson," They kissed again, hands running over every inch of each other while basking in the embrace. The moonlight cast over the lake, illuminating Owen's sparkling brown eyes.

"But I got the real prize," he murmured after pulling back a mere inch. "I got Conan Hill."





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 35: TORN DOWN


35.

It's kind of funny how fast life can change in just one second. How the world you know can come crashing down by one single person's stupid actions. How your happiness can be ripped away from you for no reason. How you have to deal with the consequences other people brought upon you undeservingly.

35. 35.

It happened right after the dismissal bell rang. Track practice was supposed to start fifteen minutes from then. Conan walked down the hallways, smiling and happy that he'd get to see his boyfriend.

That's when his life changed in one second.

His world came crashing down, his happiness ripped away, and he was left to pick up the pieces someone else broke.

His grin slowly faded away until it was gone completely as his feet came to an abrupt halt. His lips were parted, continuously blinking like he was seeing things. But unfortunately, he wasn't.

Pictures of him pre-transition were plastered everywhere. Printed out pictures lined each wall, messily taped up and covering every inch of the hall.

everywhere. His mouth went dry and his ears started ringing. People were looking at the photos, not taking much time to realize it was Conan since he and Owen had been such a hot topic. Some turned to him wide eyes, some judgmental, some pitiful.

Cailey was next to Gavin and Duncan as they furiously tore down the posters. But that didn't mean they hadn't seen it. The damage was done. His secret was out. There wasn't anything he could do about it now except keep his head down and ignore the whispers until he moved again.

"Conan," Cailey inhaled sharply when she saw him staring. "I'm so sorry."

so He just looked at her blankly. He felt completely numb. Surprisingly enough- there wasn't any pain or tears or embarrassment. It was just a nightmare that he'd wake up from. He was going to wake up any second now and life would be good again. He'd finally be as happy as he was for the first time.

Then he saw Owen across the hall, dozens of ripped down paper in his arms as he yelled at people to get out of his way. He frantically tore down multiple at a time but even then they were still everywhere.

Owen.

Owen. If he moved then he and Owen would have to break up. Long-distance never worked out. They'd be apart when the couple had just finally set all the puzzle pieces into place.

Was it worth leaving if he had to leave Owen?

The room was moving in slow motion before reality buzzed back and suddenly his hearing settled, causing him to stumble back a step. Loud chatter was echoing around as the students gossiped and began forming more rumors.

Once Conan was back to reality, he bolted down the stairs and shoved through all the teenagers who complained, but he ignored all of them. He ran out of the front doors, his heart pounding so hard he felt it in his ears.

The familiar ache in his legs was back as he ran to the last place he was unbelievably happy: the lake.

It was a far distance from the school though he didn't care. He sprinted and fought through the pain. It was much easier to cope with than the pain in his heart.

Memories of being bullied at his old school sprang through his mind. Cailey had told him when they first met that the new school was much more accepting and that no one cared about that stuff. But it didn't matter if they cared. He cared.

He He cared that people wouldn't see him as fully male now. He cared that people were going to ask questions about his body. He cared that people knew his secret- not if they were transphobic or not.



The thing is, once someone knows you're trans, their perspective of you changes. It's usually not intentional and it's not meant to be in a mean way. That's just the way it worked. Sure he'd still get gendered correctly most of the time and maybe no one would bully him.

But they still knew.

knew. All of his progress was destroyed. He had worked so hard to be happy and just when he was, it got ruined. What was the use in trying when nothing ever goes right for him anyway? Why waste his energy?

He laid down in the grass by the lake in the same spot he and Owen were before. That day was so good. It was full of celebration and victory. He wanted to go back. Just one more day of peace. If he knew it was his last then he would've savored it more.

He stared into the depths of the water and inched closer to it. His breathing grew unsteady as he got closer to the edge. He wanted to jump in so badly and just end all of his suffering.

He wanted to die.

Conan took another step forward, dangerously close to the edge but strong arms wrapped around him from behind. "What are you doing? You're going to fall in and drown!" Owen pulled him a safe distance away from the lake. "I chased after you the whole way here but you were way faster," he panted.

Conan's mouth opened but nothing came out. His veins were sizzling. He was a mere second away from dying.

"Conan?" Owen tilted his head in confusion before his mouth opening when he realized what Conan was about to do. He didn't know what to say either. "Were you... were you about to-"

Then the numbness went away as he buried himself in Owen's embrace, sobbing. Everything rushing through his mind was overwhelming and spread through his body. His heart felt like someone shoved a dagger through it.

"It's okay," Owen gently rocked him back and forth, not knowing how to comfort him. "We can fix this. I can fix-"

"You can't fix this!" Conan pulled away angrily, not mad at Owen but his emotions were spilling out onto him anyway. "What do you think you're going to do?! Erase everyone's memories? Build a time machine? There's nothing!"

fix Owen's eyes watered when he saw how upset Conan was. He didn't understand how much his secret meant to him, but he knew that he would be there for Conan no matter what. Maybe he could've fixed it, but maybe he could make it better.

He tugged Conan against his chest again. The crying boy tried to push him away halfheartedly. "Stop it! Let go of me!"

He squeezed him even tighter. "I know that I can't erase everyone's memories or build a time machine. I know that. But I'll figure something out to make it better," his soothing voice was deep and comforting in Conan's ears. "I'll do anything I can to help you, so would you shut up and let me hold my boyfriend?"

The brunette weakly held onto Owen as he picked him up and carried him far away from the water. He sat them down on one of the park benches, keeping Conan tucked against his chest.

Owen ran his fingers through his hair, occasionally wiping away the tears with his sleeve while rocking them back and forth. Each one of Conan's sobs cut through the jock's fragile heart but he choked down the urge to start crying too.

"Do you know who did it?" Owen asked after a while when the boy had calmed down.

He sniffled, shaking his head negative but not moving even an inch away.

"That's alright. We'll figure it out," he assured. "And then I'm going to beat the fuck out of them."

Conan would've laughed if his sinuses didn't hurt so much. "Who could it have been? Tara? But she doesn't know," he sighed. "But it wasn't you or Cailey or even Duncan since he doesn't want to move again. You guys are the only people I've told."

"Is there anyone who's holding a grudge against you? Maybe someone's trying to get like payback or something." Owen thought. Although Conan didn't seem like the type to intentionally harm anyone so the possibility was unlikely.

"I can't think of anyone."

Owen nodded, staring into Conan's pretty blue eyes when he pulled away a little. He leaned forward and rested their forehead against each other.

"Thank you," he quietly murmured, "you're so perfect all the time."

"I don't know about that." Owen grinned, kissing the tip of Conan's nose. "I'm shit at comforting people and giving advice. I had no clue what to say," he admitted sheepishly.

"You tried, Owen," Conan whispered, "and that's a lot more than most people can say."

The boys stayed on the bench for another hour, relishing in the peace that they knew wouldn't last long. There was a storm coming that Conan was barely capable of working his way past it while Owen was barreling through every obstacle in determination. They were polar opposites and it was almost comical how they ended up falling for each other.

One was fighting for his future, while the other was running from his past.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 36: WHY CAN'T I


36.

Conan couldn't bring himself to go to school the next day. Or the day after that. Or the day after that one- you get the point.

36. 36.

He stayed in bed with tissues and strawberry ice cream that he ate directly out of the tub. He deleted all his social media and didn't respond to anyone's texts other than Owen and Cailey's. There was no energy left in him willing to deal with that. He was so exhausted from life and he needed a break.

Owen spent all his time questioning anyone who'd ever interacted with Conan. Though every person he went through seemed innocent. Even Tara sounded remorseful when he talked to her after she tried flirting with him of course. He immediately left.

Whoever pulled the stunt was smart because it was done in the one hall that didn't have a camera in it. The school installed one the next day after the incident but it was too late. He'd just have to figure it out on his own.

He was distracted during football practice, halfheartedly leading the track time, rarely even bothering to show up to his classes. Conan was going through a depressive episode and Owen was feeling the results of it too. It hurt to see the boy look so lifeless. Neither of them brought up what happened at the lake since Conan never wanted to talk about it and Owen didn't know what to say. It was a topic that hung in the air but stayed there.

"Well I think it's just awful that someone would do that," Debra sighed as she leaned back against the living room couch. "I hate today's generation. It's bewildering!"

Owen knew that Conan wanted some space so he moved back home, avoiding Arthur instead. The man was rarely home and barely noticed him when he lived there before so it wasn't very difficult.

"I know. I hate people," Owen groaned. "You should've seen how upset he was at the lake. He was crying so much and he looked so sad. I didn't know what to do."

Luke didn't bother glancing up from the homework he was doing on the kitchen counter. "Have you figured out who did it yet?"

"I'm working on it," he grumbled. He was mad at himself for not figuring it out sooner.

"You'll figure it out," Debra tried to comfort him despite being unsure of whether he'd connect the dots or not. "Just keep trying and I'm sure everything will fall back into place."

"I hope so," Owen sighed. "I just wish there was an easier way to know. Do you think I could bribe people with money? What if I say whoever finds out who did it gets a thousand dollars or something?"

"You are not bribing someone," Debra shook her head, displeased.

bribing Luke answered another math problem on his paper effortlessly. "I think that's a great idea. People suck- but if you reward them then they'll probably find the culprit in minutes honestly."

"Then it's settled!" Owen hopped out of his seat.

"Don't encourage him," Debra scowled at Luke, wishing her sons were more classy. "If you keep asking around the school-"

"I've been doing that and it hasn't done shit. I don't care if it's morally right or not. Nothing about this situation is! I'd rather do something rather than nothing even if it's low," he argued sternly.

been Though no matter what Debra said he didn't care. He wasn't used to listening to any parental figures since he was left alone so much as a child.

"I don't condone it, but do what you must." Debra reached out to squeeze his hand. "But once you find the guy, please make it look like an accident if you kill him."

Owen grinned. "Will do."

An hour later he was on his way to Conan's house, excited about his new plan. He pulled onto the familiar road and parked in front of the house.



It was dark outside but when Owen got out of the car, he noticed a suspicious-looking black van across the street. The windows were tinted but he couldn't see in. For some reason, seeing the vehicle gave him a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach.

He locked his door and got ready to approach the car but as soon as he took a step toward it, it was zooming away with a loud screech.

He stared at the car until it disappeared in the darkness. The uneasiness didn't go away but it lessened now that the van was gone.

"Owen?" Lillian called from the front porch. "What are you doing? You'll catch a cold out here!"

He brushed away the action, telling himself he was just being paranoid. "How's Conan doing? Any better?" he ignored her question and jogged up the steps until they were both inside.

"He's doing the same," she sighed frustratedly. "I hope you can cheer him up a little. He only perks up when you're around, even if it's not much."

Owen smiled. "I'll do my best."

"Thank you, Owen." She abruptly engulfed the bulky teen in her frail arms. "You're such a good kid. I'm so glad Conan found you."

He returned the embrace, enjoying the motherly touch he didn't receive often. "I am pretty great, aren't I?"

"And humble too," she giggled after pulling away.

"Definitely humble," he nodded.

He made his way into Conan's room, resisting the urge to 'aww' out loud when he saw the boy curled up in his bedspread, his hair all messy which only made him look even cuter. Owen quietly closed the door and pulled his jacket off along with his shoes before climbing in bed next to Conan.

"Owen?" Conan mumbled sleepily when the blonde pressed a kiss to his forehead. "What are you doing here?"

"What? Am I not allowed to see my boyfriend?" he scoffed.

Conan flipped around so that they were face to face. His pretty eyes were slightly bloodshot and swollen from crying so much.

Owen ran his hand up the brunette's back until he was gripping his hair, delicately pulling him closer until his head was resting under Owen's chin. "I'm going to bribe people to figure out who's responsible for the posters faster," he muttered into Conan's hair.

"Owen, you don't have to do that." He sighed but rejoiced in the jock's comforting touch. "It doesn't make a difference. The secret's out. Finding the person and beating them up isn't going to do any good."

"It'll teach people not to fuck with either of us so that nothing like this will ever happen again."

"It doesn't even matter anymore," Conan whispered sadly.

Owen's brows knitted together. "Of course it matters. Why wouldn't it matter? I don't want anyone at school pulling this shit again."

Conan went quiet and that sick feeling in Owen's stomach returned. There was something he wasn't telling him.

"What is it?" he demanded. "I can tell when you're hiding something. You get all quietly and can't sit still. Tell me what it is."

Conan blushed before sitting up straight. It took him a while to get the courage to speak up, but once he did, Owen wished he didn't.

"It doesn't matter because I'm moving."

"What?!" Owen toppled off of the bed. "No, no way. You are not moving!"

not "I can't go back to school. Not after what happened." Conan crumbled in on himself, Owen's reaction making him feel guilty. "I can't go through last year again."

"You won't be, you have me." Owen sank to his knees in front of the bed and grabbed each of Conan's wrists as he pleaded. "This won't be a repeat of last year. People aren't as conservative here, I bet nobody even really cares. They're only talking about it because you're with me and I can make everything better, I promise I'll fix it all-"

"You're not listening to me Owen," Conan pried his wrists away and rested his hands on the blonde's shoulders as he spoke slowly. "I can't do this. Maybe you can, but I can't."

"I "Please don't leave," he laid his head down in Conan's lap. "You're the only thing that's been making me happy. I don't want to do this if it's not with you."

Conan carded his fingers through Owen's hair soothingly as they both tried not to cry. "It's not easy for me either, you know that right? I don't want to leave. I want to leave this place but not you. You're the only reason I've been happy too," he sniffled.

want "What if I go with you?" Owen gazed up at him with pain evident in his eyes.

"You can't- what about football and track? You're the captain of two teams that need you. It isn't fair to them if you leave, and it wouldn't be fair if I took all that away from you either."

"But I don't care about anything else." Owen bit the inside of his cheek hard when he felt his eyes start to water. He hated being so emotional but he couldn't help it. "I just want you."

Conan was worse at containing his own emotions and more tears dripped down his face. He had already cried so much that it stung. "I'm not going to let you ruin your life for me, and I can't let myself ruin mine for you either. We're only in high school, it's practically inevitable for us to break up after college starts anyway. Maybe it'll be easier if it happens sooner rather than later."

Owen laughed but it came out bitter. "It's way too late for any of this to be easy! And maybe you don't have enough faith in our relationship to think we're going to last a long time, but I do!" He stood up and furiously wiped his tears away. "You can't just make me fall in love with you and throw it away! You don't get to do that, it isn't fair!" he cried.

easy! "Owen-"

"Do you care about me even half as much as I care about you?" he whispered brokenly. "Half? Just half?"

Conan pushed Owen's chest back as he scrambled off the bed. "Don't pretend like you don't know how much I love you!" he shouted, "I already feel guilty enough as it is! Do you really think I want to break up with you? That I don't care? That I want to hurt you?"

"I can't do this right now," Owen ran his fingers through his hair, emotions flooding through him so fast he couldn't handle them. "I'll see you later." He yanked his coat off the ground and shoved his feet back into his shoes as Conan watched, speechless.

"Owen, please don't leave." He caught his arm before he could walk out the door.

"You are," he pulled away from Conan. "So why can't I?"

Conan stared at Owen's back as he stormed out of the house, feeling even worse than he had been for days. Feeling like life was pointless.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 37: DUMPSTER DIVING


37.

Neither Owen nor Conan had tried speaking to each other in exactly four days and seven hours. They both knew that because they were practically counting down the time. Conan was home, packing his things while Owen put all his effort into sports.

37. 37.

He was leading football practice while they did scrimmage. The ball went flying through the air. Since Gavin was on the opposing team, he ran to catch it but Owen tackled him to the ground. Hard. He'd been pissed off and overly rough during practice because of his pent up rage.

Hard. "Jesus man!" Gavin choked when Owen knocked the wind out of him. "What's your problem lately? I think you just crushed one of my damn lungs for fuck's sake."

"Sorry, sorry," Owen muttered as he pulled Gavin up to his feet. "My bad."

"Is it about Conan?" he whispered, ignoring the other members yelling for them to hurry up.

The blonde chucked the ball back at a guy on his team. He toppled to the ground when the football hit his chest from how hard Owen threw it.

Gavin snickered as they watched him fall over. "It's Conan then."

"He's moving," Owen bit the inside of his cheek after he spoke.

He didn't want to talk about his feelings with anyone other than, well, Conan.

feelings Gavin's eyes widened. "He is?" he gasped. "Is it 'cause everyone knows he's a transgender now? Did you tell him nobody here really cares right? And if they do then we'll beat their ass."

"Yeah, and I did but I guess he's still upset about it. He said it still bothers him just that people know about it, even if they're not mean directly." Owen sighed as they jogged back to the middle of the field.

"Why's it matter so much anyway? Other transgenders go here and nobody ever really says anything to them."

Owen yelled for everyone to take a water break so that no one would eavesdrop on their conversation. All the teammates ran over to chug down water without hesitation, dripping in sweat from how hard they were practicing.

"It matters to him," Owen said quietly. "I don't get why it does- but it does. I want to be there for him but it's like whenever I try it doesn't do shit."

him," Gavin hummed in thought. "Maybe it's 'cause your advice is terrible."

Owen shoved his shoulder so that Gavin stumbled back. "You're supposed to be nice to me! I'm opening up, can't you tell me that I'm handsome and can do better or something? And then I'll tell you that there's no one better than Conan, and then you'll call me a dumbass, and then we'll laugh and get ice cream?"

"I'm being realistic!" Gavin playfully shoved him back. "If you want to fix things with him then figure out the problem and do something about it."

"Bitch, did you not hear anything I just said? I told you that I tried that but it doesn't work."

"If it didn't work then either you're not trying hard enough or that's not the real problem," Gavin raised his eyebrows at his stupid friend. "You wanna know how I know that? Because I give good advice," he teased, yelping when Owen made a move to hit him again.

"The hell are you idiots doing?" Coach chuckled as he watched Owen trap Gavin in a headlock, giving him a noogie while Gavin attempted to punch him from behind but failed.

"Owen's bitching about his boy problems but mad at me for being intelligent!" Gavin whined like a little kid.

"You asked what's wrong!"

"You're just mad that my advice is good and you didn't figure the solution out yourself!"

Coach struggled to get in-between them but finally tore them apart. "I don't get paid enough for this," he grumbled. "What um, ' boy problems' are you having?"

boy problems'

"Nothing," Owen quickly brushed it off. He was embarrassed enough for one day just telling Gavin.

"Conan's moving," his mean friend tattled.

Before Owen could try to kill Gavin again, Coach stepped in front of him. "Conan. That's the name of your, uh,

boyfriend? Right?"

He wasn't familiar with LGBT terms and had never talked to any gay guys before although didn't care about Owen's sexuality. He didn't understand it so he was awkward talking about it- as were all the other jocks there.

"Yeah," Owen blushed and dropped eye contact. Coach was like his replacement dad so he was uncomfortable bringing it up around the man. "It's nothing though. Don't worry about it."

"Is he moving because of the... incident?" He had heard about other students talking about it so he was familiar with the situation.

Owen nodded, clearing his throat and trying to force himself to stop blushing. "Yeah but it's chill. I'm handling it," he lied.

Gavin scoffed. "You are so not handling it."

"Why do you have to be such a snitch?" Owen complained, glaring at him.

"I'm helping you! Not snitching!" he defended. "Well maybe I'm kind of snitching, but it's for your benefit! If you keep doing what you've been doing, then your boy toy is gonna be long gone in fuckin' Arizona or some shit next week. Don't you want him to stay?"

Owen's fingernails dug into his palms as he flushed red again, grumbling, "of course I want him to stay."

"So figure it out," Coach patted him on the back. "Can't you tell him the kids don't care about that stuff here?"

Owen groaned. "I'm not explaining this again."

Coach shot Gavin a confused look who dramatically shrugged. "Have you found out who's responsible for the posters?" he asked.

"Not yet," Owen muttered guiltily. He didn't know what else to do about that situation either since everyone at school denied. "There's like no evidence so I don't know what to do."

"What about the posters?" Coach suggested thoughtfully.

"What? You want him to find fingerprints?" Gavin snorted.

Coach rolled his eyes. "It's worth looking at them. Maybe there's something that could give you a clue at least."

"I guess it's better than nothing. I bet there might be some copies buried in the trash cans in building eight," the blonde said.

"They'd be in the dumpster out back by now. It's been a week and a half by now," Coach pointed out. "Are you sure there's nowhere else they'd be?"

Owen inhaled sharply before throwing his head back. "Dumpster diving it is then."

Gavin cackled, imagining Owen digging through a filthy dumpster. Coach protested but the blonde grabbed his friend's wrist and tugged.

"The hell are you doing?" Gavin tried to pull away but Owen refused.

"If I have to search through some disgusting ass trash then you're coming with me," he growled, fighting against Gavin when he attempted to escape.

"No way!" he whined, gasping when Owen threw him over his shoulder and kept going. "Bitch, I swear to god if you don't put me down!"

"Practice isn't over yet!" Coach shouted as they walked toward the back of the school. "Get back h- goddamnit," he pinched the bridge of his nose in exasperation.

That's how they ended up standing in a dumpster, searching for a flimsy piece of paper that may or may not be useful.

Owen gagged when he found a bloody tampon. "What the fuck is that!" Gavin screamed, jumping back.

"It's a tampon, dumbass," he laughed. "You know what that is right?"

"Of course I know what it is!" Gavin covered his mouth with his shirt as he looked down at it. "Oh my god, that's fucking disgusting. Cover it with another bag!"

"Aren't I supposed to be the gay one?" Owen mused, feeling the urge to throw it at Gavin for being so irritating, though he didn't want to touch it either.

Gavin's eyes widened but he cleared his throat and kept digging, much more productive than before. "I have a good feeling about this one. I think we might have our winner."

"Wait a second," Owen's jaw dropped, "are you-"

"I think I see it right here!" Gavin lied, furiously moving garbage around so it seemed like he was looking.

Owen went to speak but his phone rang. He glanced down at the contact name. It was Luke.

"Who is it?" Gavin questioned, looking at Owen expectantly.

"It's Luke. It's probably something stupid, I'm just gonna let it ring."

Gavin stood up straight and peeked over Owen's shoulder. "Nah, pick up. It could be important."

"It's not-" Gavin hit the accept call button mid-sentence and clicked speakerphone.

"Owen!" Luke heaved, sounding relieved. "You need to come home right now!"

"What is it?" Gavin asked worriedly, mouthing 'I told you so' to his friend.

"Gavin?" Luke's voice changed slightly higher.

Owen turned off the speaker and held his phone up to his ear despite Gavin's complaints. "Why do I need to come home? I'm kind of in the middle of something important right now. Can it wait?" he tried hopefully.

"Trust me, no matter what you're doing, this is more important," Luke assured him as he grew more and more impatient. "Just hurry."

Owen started to feel nervous and that heavy feeling in his gut returned. "What happened?" he questioned slowly. "I'm not hanging up until you tell me."

"It's about Conan."





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 38: LEAVING


38.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" Lillian sighed as she folded Conan's clothes and neatly placed them in a box. "You don't even want to say goodbye to your friends?"

38. 38.

Conan taped up one of the heavier boxes and struggled to lift it. "I'm sure, it's just more painful if I told them. We've only been here a few months anyway. They'll get over it," he shrugged.

"I still don't understand why you and Owen are fighting. Can't you make at least make amends before we go?" she looked at him pleadingly.

"I already told you I don't want to talk about it," he grumbled. He'd been bitter ever since their fight and opening up was the last thing he wanted to do.

"Teenage boys and their foolish ways," she muttered under her breath. "I'm sure you'll both feel better if you had some closure. Why don't you just give it a try?"

Conan's foot got caught under the rug and he accidentally dropped the box. A shattering sound followed, heightening his frustration tenfold. "I don't want closure, I never want to see him again."

That was only partially true because he knew that if he saw Owen again then he'd change his mind and stay. That's why he couldn't say goodbye. It would hurt so much, it would be so much harder more if there was closure.

"Can't you tell me what he did? I'm sure whatever happened was just a misunderstanding," Lillian begged but Conan walked into the kitchen with the ruined box.

He placed it on the counter and wrenched it open. Inside was a picture frame with a picture of him and Owen- now shattered. He'd given it to Conan on their one month anniversary. "You've gotta be fucking kidding me," he exhaled through his nose shakily.

His thumb traced over Owen's face. That day he looked so good. He badly needed a haircut because it'd grown out so much. Owen hated it long but Conan thought it was the cutest thing and treasured the locks before the blonde eventually cut it again. A shard of glass cut through his thumb and a small stream of blood soaked through the picture.

so "Shit," he hissed, rushing over to the sink and running his finger under cold water.

"Are there any more boxes?" Duncan called from outside. He was easily transferring them into the moving truck and it pissed Conan off that he broke his only one.

"Just a few more sweetie!" Lillian answered, looking at Conan sympathetically as she carried a lighter box through the kitchen and to the driveway.

He went into his bathroom that hadn't been fully packed yet and took out the first aid kit, bringing the picture of him and Owen so that his family didn't see. He placed it on the counter, gazing at the photograph glumly while he unwrapped a bandaid.

Seeing Owen's bright smile made him rethink all his life choices. This is why he couldn't say goodbye. Conan knew how he'd react, and if just a flimsy little picture was enough to make him reconsider- imagine what Owen in real life would do.

"Conan?" Jon knocked on the door, making the brunette jump ten feet in the air. "You guys should get to the airport soon unless you want to miss your flight. Everything alright?"

Conan crumbled up the photo in his pocket and opened the door to see his father looking at him with raised brows. "Everything's fine. Thanks."

"That sounded convincing," he snorted sarcastically. "I'm going to head out with the moving truck soon too so I can hopefully skip rush hour."

Conan nodded, being even less talkative than usual. He just wanted to be alone and cry the same way he had been for almost two weeks.

"See you later," Conan mumbled, giving Jon a halfhearted side hug before scurrying into his room to make sure he didn't miss anything.



Lillian walked back into the house, sweating from the laborious work. "It's a shame we have to leave," she murmured nostalgically, "I was starting to like it here."

"So was I," Jon agreed.

Meanwhile, Owen and Gavin were racing up the blonde's driveway to bolt through the front door. They still didn't know what Luke was talking about but he said it had something to do with Conan, causing the two jocks to run past six red lights on the trip there.

"You almost killed me like ten times!" Gavin heaved as Owen struggled to unlock the front door because of his shaky hands.

"Good," Owen grumbled.

Gavin went to make another remark but the blonde was already bursting into the mansion. Luke was waiting for them and almost got crushed when Owen aggressively swung the door open.

"Ah!" he yelped as he jumped back just in time. "Jeez!"

"What is it?" Owen ignored him.

Gavin closed the entry and leaned against the wood, watching Luke who started to blush. "I um, I found this," he handed Owen a piece of paper.

The blonde grabbed it from Luke and inspected it. His lips parted as he blinked down at the poster in shock.

It was one of the pictures of Conan.

"Where did you get this?" Owen asked uneasily.

Luke gulped nervously. "You can't flip out when I tell you, okay?"

"Okay, yeah, whatever," he waved it off and stared at his younger brother expectantly. "So?"

"I found it in um," he trailed off awkwardly, "dad's office."

Luke cringed, waiting for Owen to blow up and start tearing the house apart. But he didn't. He just stood there with a blank expression without uttering a word.

"Hey," Gavin placed a hand on his shoulder. "You good?"

Owen didn't say anything. His mind went numb and he felt nothing.

"Is he alright?" Luke asked Gavin worriedly. "Owen?"

"I'm the reason everyone knows," he murmured in a scarily calm voice.

"Oh come on, you know that's not true." Gavin nudged his side. "It's not your fault that your dad's a prick."

Owen didn't respond and the other two boys awkwardly stood beside him. Nobody knew what to say or what they were supposed to do next.

"Where is he?" Owen suddenly questioned.

"Work I'm assuming," Luke shrugged. "Why? What are you going to do?"

"I'm going to fucking kill him," Owen muttered as he clenched his fists. Anger started to catch up to him, imagining all the possible ways he could torture Arthur.

"What about Conan? Is he still leaving?" Luke wondered aloud.

"I'll talk to him after," Owen turned back around to exit. "Then I'll convince him to stay."

"Isn't that what you tried doing before?" Gavin pointed out.

"I'll figure it out this time. There's no way he can leave now. Not when it was my fault."

Gavin and Luke followed him outside as Owen stormed to his car. "Stop with the 'it's my fault' bullshit. You know you didn't do anything wrong," Gavin groaned.

"He knows. He just likes being dramatic," Luke whispered to him, biting back a smile.

"Tell me about it," Gavin rolled his eyes.

"I can hear you, you know." Owen got in the front seat while the others both got in the back.

"I know," they said in unison.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 39: TEN MINUTES


39.

The moving truck rolled out of the driveway as Jon headed on his way to Maine. Conan, Duncan and Lillian were all flying while he transferred the furniture. The three waved goodbye to him until he was out of sight.

39. 39.

"I guess I'll call one of those Yoober places now," Lillian sighed as she fished her phone out of her pocket.

"You mean an Uber?" Duncan gave her a weird look.

"Ah, close enough." She waved him off as she tapped on her phone. "It says that Cassandra will be here in ten minutes."

Duncan picked up their suitcases from the front porch and carried it over. He had been surprisingly nice recently. He felt bad for everything he started and didn't know how to fix it, probably because he couldn't, so he settled for being tolerable to be around.

couldn't, Conan stared silently at the pavement as Duncan and Lillian talked. His chest felt heavy. All he wanted to do was run over to Owen's house, make up, and cuddle as they fell asleep together. But it would never happen again. He wished it treasured the last time more than he did. Their last kiss, last hug, last happy conversation. He couldn't even remember when their last kiss was or what it was like.

The Uber driver pulled up and Duncan carried the suitcases in the truck while Lillian was overly friendly with Cassandra, initiating a lively conversation.

Conan rested his head against the window in the backseat. The coolness against his forehead grounded him a little, but he still felt empty inside.

The emptiness was filled with guilt when he realized how upset Owen would be once he found out. He still didn't understand why the jock was so infatuated with him, but Conan believed that he was regardless. The same way he was with him.

He pulled out his phone to text Cailey, shutting it down completely after he was done.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Owen was halfway through reaching Arthur's office when his phone started ringing. "Who is it?" he asked Luke who picked it up.



"It says Cailey," he read off the screen.

"Oh," Owen sounded disappointed. "It doesn't matter then. Just decline it."

"Bitch, did you really just tell him to decline?" Cailey sassed through the phone, Luke giving his brother a guilty look since he already accepted it.

"I can't really talk right now," he exhaled. "Call me back later."

"Conan's moving, you dumb fuck," Cailey huffed.

Owen swallowed down his frustration. "I already know he's moving. He told me like two weeks ago. Is that all?" He really wasn't in the mood to put anything else on his plate.

"No," she shook her head even though they couldn't see her. "I mean he's moving. Like now."

now." "What?!" Owen spluttered. "Right now? Where? What the fuck," he groaned. He really couldn't catch a break.



"He's going to Maine. I think he's at the airport-"

"He's at the airport?!" Owen took an illegal U-turn so sharp that Luke crashed into Gavin in the back. "I can't fucking believe him right now! He's not going to respond to me so can you just call him? Figure out which airport he's at and stall."

airport?!" Cailey scoffed. "First of all, he must've shut his phone down because it's going straight to voicemail. Second of all, how am I supposed to stall him? You think I can teleport?"

"Just, fuck," he swore. His hands were shaking so much that Gavin and Luke were terrified they'd crash. "Go to the Logan Airport and I'll go to the Boston one. He's bound to be at one of the two so if we just-"

"Owen," Cailey's voice came out softer this time, "I think you should just let it go. It's over, he's gone. There's no way we'll be able to find him in time."

His throat felt so tight that it was hard to breathe and he could barely focus on the road. There was no way he'd let Conan just leave like that. Without saying goodbye, without any warning, without even pretending to care. Conan wasn't allowed to do that. They were in a relationship. In a relationship you're supposed to communicate and work through the rough patches. Couldn't he understand that? Why was it so difficult for him?

do "Go to the Logan Airport," he instructed her in a calm voice. "Do whatever you need to do, okay? Just find him."

"Owen-"

"Please," he begged, "please just go. I swear I'll do anything you want."

"Please," After some more convincing she eventually agreed and the call ended. Owen sped to the Boston Airport, having to remind himself to breathe the entire time.

"Is all of this happening just because he's trans?" Luke questioned after a while. "I don't get what the big deal is. He wasn't born a boy, so what? That doesn't make him any less of one."

"I don't get it either," Gavin chimed in. "It's not that big of a deal. Half of the school doesn't even know what trans even means."

Luke glanced out the window. "Why does he care what other people think about his gender? If he's confident in his identity then it shouldn't matter to him. He knows who he is, not them."

"Everyone's been so dramatic about the situation. It's seriously not that deep."

"It is that deep! Okay?!" Owen shouted, accidentally swerving to the side. "It's not that he isn't confident in his identity, it's not that he's being dramatic, it's not anything! We don't understand it so stop trying to pretend you do! He has every fucking right to be upset, to want to move, to never want to go to school again!"

is The two went quiet at Owen's sudden outburst. The blonde was heaving, speeding into the airport parking lot.

"Owen," Luke said softly. "If all of that is true, if he has the right to all of those things... then what are we even doing here?"

Owen's heart dropped through his stomach. All his words got lost and his anger disappeared until he was just overwhelmed.

His hands clutched they steering wheel as his eyes sadly observed the busy airport. Families were walking through the doors and planes were boarding. The empty feeling in his chest matched the one Conan had. Everything hurt.

"Should we just leave?" he mumbled.

"Do you want to?" Gavin questioned warily.

Owen sniffled. "No," he answered brokenly.

"Then let's go on in bud," Gavin unbuckled his seat and dragged the blonde out of his car. Luke looked at Gavin knowingly, not thinking it was a good idea, but he brushed the younger boy off and focused on his friend. "He might still be here."

The three hurriedly crossed the street and hurried inside. Owen searched every inch of the entrance but didn't see the familiar mop of wavy brown hair anywhere.

"Let's go check the flight chart," Luke suggested.

Owen bolted over to it and read down the list until he found Maine. The air left his lungs when he found it.

The flight was boarding in ten minutes.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





CHAPTER 40: HIS FUTURE


40.

Throughout the expanse of Conan's life, he had learned a lot of things. One was that becoming dependent on someone, growing comfortable enough to be vulnerable around them- it only resulted in pain. And the other was that he wasn't capable of resisting Owen Wilson despite withholding that knowledge.

40. 40.

He waited in line to go through the metal detector, lifting his suitcase onto the conveyor belt, thinking about how stupid he was.

He berated himself for being dramatic, for being selfish, for being an asshole when all Owen ever did was try to help him. He never did anything to hurt Conan no matter what. And this was how Conan repaid him? This is how he treated Owen in return? How was that fair?

"Next," the airport woman guided Duncan through the metal detector. "You're all set. Next!"

Conan watched as Lillian went through, his hands shaking. Once he crossed over that line- it was over. It was official. He was leaving and he'd never see Owen again.

"Next!" she ushered Conan over. "Sir, you're next," she repeated when Conan didn't move an inch.

People around him groaned loudly, glaring at him for holding up the line. His legs felt like jello was he slowly walked over to the annoyed woman. He gulped, staring at the ground in front of him.

Two steps and it was over. Two steps. That was it.

"Next!" she yelled, making him jump.

And then he took those two steps.

"We're going to miss our flight, we need to hurry," Lillian pulled her suitcase off the ramp. "Do you have all your things?"

"Yeah," Duncan nodded.

She turned to Conan. "Sweetie? Where's your suitcase?"

"There," his voice cracked and the sound hurt his ears. "It's... it's right there."

"We're all set to go then!" Lillian smiled. "Alright, make sure to keep up," she told them before barreling through the crowd.

Two steps turned to three, three turned to four, four turned to five, and soon he was nearing his exit.

"Have you seen a brunette? He's kinda short, he's got pale blue eyes, looks about fifteen, skinny," Owen described Conan's appearance to a tenth stranger who looked at him like he was insane.

"Eres un loco!" the stranger exclaimed, "no tengo idea de lo que estás hablando!"

"Eres un loco!" "no tengo idea de lo que estás hablando!" "Oh," Owen groaned. "Great. You don't speak English. Fan-fucking-tastic."

Owen ignored the man who was now cursing at him in Spanish and pulled out his phone to call Gavin. It rang twice before he picked up. "Gav, have you found anything yet? What about Luke?" he asked hopefully.

They were running out of time. Fast.

"Fuck, I thought you called to say you found him," Gavin groaned.

Owen's heart was pounding in his chest. His nerves were frayed as he ran his fingers through his disheveled hair.

"The gates for flight 118 for Maine will be closing in two minutes. I repeat, the gates for flight 118 will be closing in just two minutes."

"The gates for flight 118 for Maine will be closing in two minutes. I repeat, the gates for flight 118 will be closing in just two minutes." He flinched when a worker's voice ran through the airport. "No, no, no," he cursed. His hands were trembling and he didn't know what to do.

"Sir? Are you alright?" A random woman asked him worriedly. She was wearing a flight attendant outfit and looked tired as if she had just gotten off a long flight. "Are you lost? Can I help you with anything?"



His fear stopped for just a moment when he had an idea. "I hope so."

The Hill family hurriedly rushed over to the gate and got their tickets scanned. Conan handed the worker his passport glumly. "Why the long face?" she questioned.

"Just tired," he faked a smile. "Thank you."

"Have a nice flight!" she grinned back cheerily.

He stepped through the gate, freezing when the intercom echoed. "Is this thing on? No? Oh it is?" Owen's voice blasted out of the speaker. Conan stopped in his tracks at the sound.

"Is that Wilson?" Duncan scrunched his brows in confusion, glancing at his brother for confirmation, but Conan just stood there with his lips parted as he listened to the intercom.

"Sir, this is employees only-"

"Oh fuck off!" Owen hissed. "I know you're all busy, running around trying to catch your flights and all, but I need you to listen. Can you do that?" he asked rhetorically.

Conan looked back to see people around the gates who paused, curious as to what was going on. Owen's voice just drew you in like that. Everyone was listening intently.

"I'm trying to find someone," he cleared his throat. "He's got brown hair, pale skin, and blue eyes. More of a soft blue rather than the exaggerated kind. He has the ones that reel you in. They're pretty like that. Oh, and he's short. He doesn't like it but I think it's cute," he laughed to himself.

Everyone around Conan stared at him since he was the only person around that fit the description. His cheeks burned red as he fiddled with his hands, avoiding all of their gazes.

"If you find him then um, I don't know, stop him? Then just like scream and I'll eventually find you. Maybe it's easier if I just give you all my number?" he started rambling. "Anyway, this is for Conan. I don't know if your flight has taken off or not yet but if it hasn't, if you're somewhere listening, please hear me out.

"I know that you've had a hard time recently. That you've been having a hard time. Maybe I don't know what exactly it feels like, but I want to. I want to help you. I want to take away all of the shit you've had to go through, to hurt anyone who's ever wronged you, to protect you from facing any pain again. And you know that if I had the power to do that- I would. Life can be unfair and sucks some serious balls sometimes. The poster incident wasn't something you deserved. It's so shitty and I never want you to have to go through that again.

been "I want you to be happy. And I drove all the way here to beg you to stay. But now I'm realizing that maybe, despite how cheesy it sounds- that I might need to let you go. Because that's what you do for the people that you love, right? I've never really known what love truly is since of my family and all that. People listening might laugh and call us stupid teenagers that don't know what love is. Hell, maybe we are.

"But if love means that I feel what you feel- the good, the bad, the happy, the sad. If love means you're the first person I want to talk to whenever something happens, whether it be a fight with my dad or the C+ I got on my algebra test. If love means you're the first person I look for in a crowd when I make a touchdown, if it means I'd come out to my shitty excuse of a father even when I'm terrified, if it means that I want you to be happy even if I'm not the one making it happen, then I fucking love you, Conan Hill."

His tone turned sad as he started to tear up. "But if you really want to leave, Conan, then you have my blessing," he sniffled, "but if there's any chance in hell that you'd be willing to give life here another go... please take it."

The brunette stood there, dozens of eyes glued to him, his heart beating rapidly, mind running a mile a minute.

If he stayed, he'd have to live every day around people who knew his deepest darkest secret. There would always be whispers and gossip. Even if it calmed down over time, it would never truly be gone.

He'd be constantly surrounded by his insecurities if he stayed. But if he left, he was leaving Owen at the same time.

Owen Wilson. The school's golden boy who everyone saw as indestructible. No one except Conan knew that deep down, Owen was just a lonely kid who craved the validation he never got from his parents. Conan was the only person Owen had ever trusted enough to open up to.

If he left, he was breaking Owen's heart. The heart that was already so fragile before he even got it.

But it wasn't just about how upset Owen would be. He couldn't base such a big decision off of pain that would only be temporary. It was more than that. It was also about how happy he would be if he stayed.

happy Conan wasn't used to his existence meaning much to anyone at all really. He felt like a waste of space. Like he didn't matter. But Owen made him feel like he matters. Owen made him feel like he could do anything.

And if Owen Wilson believed in him, why couldn't he believe in himself?

Why did it have to be so damn hard for Conan to accept him for who he is? Why couldn't he ignore the people at school and stop caring how they saw him?

He liked to blame the world for his pain. It wasn't fair that he was born in the wrong body and for that he victimized himself. He acted like the world owed him something, when in reality? Conan was the only person stopping himself from being happy.

It wasn't the world's fault. Society made it more difficult to be confident in his identity but it wasn't impossible. Yet he made it impossible for himself. He kept focusing on all the negatives and making excuses without trying to heal himself. He didn't even try. He didn't even try.

try. He just ignored his wounds and brushed them off. He pretended they didn't exist because of how badly he wished they didn't. But just because he didn't want them to be there, didn't mean they weren't. Just because he told other people he was cisgender, didn't make him cisgender. No matter how badly he wanted it too.

He kept on running from his past when it would never do him any good. He was the only person hurting himself in the end. So many people were in the background, cheering him on. And those individuals were incredibly louder than the ones booing him.

Owen was the first person to make Conan understand all of that better. The blonde gave him a realistic perspective on life that Conan had previously disregarded.

Owen Wilson. Owen. He was so much more than the dumb jock he sought himself to be. He was kind, loving, selfless, devoted, talented, and so much smarter than he realized. Conan was the one to make him more confident beyond his physical capabilities. They both helped one another grow and that was beautiful. That was love.

Owen Wilson. So Conan dropped his suitcase, tossing his passport onto the ground before sprinting down back to the airport entrance. He was going to find his boyfriend. He was going to make things right. There was the familiar adrenaline rushing through his veins and pumping through his body as he ran, but this time it felt different.

Because this time, he was running toward his future rather than away from the past.





———





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





EPILOGUE


41.

There were ten seconds left in the football game as Owen bolted down the field. Gavin was on the other side- practically the farthest distance he could possibly be. The teams were neck and neck. The next few seconds would determine who won the last game of the season and Owen was dead set on winning.

41. 41.

Gavin hesitated. There was another teammate who was closer but he doubted they could catch it and then run fast enough. He also doubted how far he was capable of throwing the ball, but he didn't have time to think it through. He had to make a decision or else they'd lose either way.

The blonde waved his hands around sporadically, yelling that he was open. Gavin used all of his strength to toss the football through the air. It spun and the crowd watched while holding their breath. They all sat on the edge of their seats, bewildered by Gavin's perfect throw.

Owen's eyes were locked on his target as he sprinted down the field. He dodged getting tackled by two opponents, faking them both out. There were now five seconds left and he was going to make it.

He had to.

Conan was in the crowd, cheering him on. He even designed a banner with Cailey and Luke that the three of them held up together. Debra and Lillian were also screaming, spurring Owen on. All the support they were giving him was almost overwhelming. But instead, it was exactly what he needed.

He leaped for the ball, catching it a second before the time was out. Everyone in the bleachers roared and chanted his name.

Now the support was really overwhelming.

Now He laid on his back in the muddy grass. He was holding the football to his chest as he heaved and focused on the sound of the people's encouragement. It was everything he ever dreamt of.

His team rushed over, hoisting him over their shoulders while screaming in victory. "Owen! Owen! Owen! Owen!" they chanted.

Despite how many people were there and his team congratulating him, he did the thing he always did after every game.

Look for Conan.

He frowned when he was missing from where he was originally sitting in the stands. He felt slight panic for a moment before grinning from ear to ear when he noticed the brunette buried between the tall jocks.

"Aye! Put me down!" Owen wiggled away from their grasp before pulling his boyfriend out.

"That was amazing!" Conan exclaimed. His hair was a mess and his cheeks were flushed pink from the cold weather as he told Owen how great he did.

Owen interrupted him with a kiss. The smaller boy gasped in surprise before melting into it, his arms circling around Owen's neck who held onto his petite waist.

Everyone's eyes were on them, but they were used to it by now. Months of them being out of the closet made it seem normal. Well they were normal, but someone like Owen Wilson not being straight as a stick wasn't from society's perspective.

were People talking about Conan's gender died down fairly quickly. Sure, it came up here and there by uneducated individuals, but for the most part? It was fine. It was actually kind of relieving.

Of course he still wished no one knew. But this way he didn't feel so tense all the time, like a weight was lifted off of his chest. That heavy feeling in the back of his mind was gone now that he didn't have to hide anymore. And it wasn't as bad as he thought it'd be.

They would never live in a world where being LGBT was completely normalized. There would always be people who didn't agree with his "choices" and hate him for something he had no power over. He learned to accept that more and more with every passing day.



It wasn't easy, but it was better.

Conan was finally happy. He was even happier because his boyfriend was happy.

Debra filed a divorce against Arthur (who had been in a wheelchair for months ever since Owen found out he was the true culprit). The Wilson family were getting closer with him out of the house. It wasn't super easy for them either, but like Conan, it was better.

"Oi! We're on school grounds! Keep it PG you nasties," Gavin complained.

"Oh fuck off Gav." Owen shoved his annoying friend's shoulder before startling Conan by hoisting him into his arms.

"Owen!" Conan yelped, grabbing his shoulders and wrapping his legs around the jock's waist to keep him steady.

Gavin pretended to gag, "I'm going to throw up! I need a bag!"

The blonde grinned, connecting his lips with Conan's again to irritate Gavin more, grabbing the smaller boy's behind for extra affect. Conan gasped, swatting his hands away with a blush and almost tumbling over onto the grass.

"Our families are watching!" he hissed, face sizzling with heat.

"So let's give them a good show," Owen teased with a smirk.

"You guys are disgusting," Luke cringed after following to the middle of the field. "I absolutely do not want a show."

show." Conan bit the inside of his cheek when he noticed Cailey, Debra and Lillian behind him. "Don't be a hater just 'cause you're lame," Owen yawned.

Luke shyly glanced up at Gavin who was staring at him. The older boy immediately averted his eyes, looking at the ground while pretending not to be embarrassed. Luke took the opportunity to admire him instead.

His black hair was damp with his toffee colored skin that was slightly sweaty from the game. His football uniform made his already broad frame look even bigger. Luke practically gazed at him with heart eyes before looking away with a light blush adorning his pale cheeks.

Conan's eyes wandered the stands casually. He gasped when he saw a familiar face wheeling their way over.

"Are you fucking kidding me?" Owen's jaw dropped when Conan grabbed his wrist and whispered for him to turn around.

All those months ago after the airport incident, Owen had his confrontation with Arthur (despite Conan's protests) and it was messy. He showed up to his office during work and beat him with one of the clipboards on Arthur's desk before they wrestled on the floor. Somehow in the mix, Owen ended up breaking one of his father's legs because of his brittle bones and was put in a wheelchair because of it.

He hadn't exactly talked to Arthur since then so he was surprised the injury wasn't healed, but didn't have much time to consider that as the man he despised rolled over to the middle of the field with the rest of them.

Debra spluttered, taking a step back once she laid her eyes upon him. They weren't on speaking terms either ever since she filed for a divorce. Lillian gently pulled her back, shooting Owen an apologetic look before dragging Debra in the direction of the parking lot. The two women had become close since their sons were together and so Lillian knew Debra wasn't in the right headspace to talk to him yet.

She normally wouldn't have left Conan since she was so protective, but she trusted Owen- plus Arthur was in a wheelchair. There wasn't much he could do and if he tried then the whole football team would disable him permanently.

"Gavin, take Luke back to the car," Owen demanded, his fists clenching. How dare Arthur have the audacity to show up?

"Hey-" Luke went to object but Gavin caught his forearm.



"Come on little guy," he nodded toward the vehicles. "Let's get going."

Luke was blushing, not wanting to leave yet too shy to say no to Gavin. Plus the older boy was still holding onto his arm and he didn't want him to let go yet.

"You go too," Owen said to Conan after the two walked away.

Conan frowned. "I'm staying," he left no room for argument.

"Ahem," Arthur cleared just throat before the couple could bicker further. "Congratulations on winning the game, Owen."

Owen's face that was twisted into a bitter expression slightly softened. He was expecting the man to spew some nasty insults his way, and he craved the man's validation for his entire life. Since he was older and wiser he was satisfied with not having any real father figure, but the compliment hit somewhere deep down in his gut. Someplace that was repressed and so fragile that his throat closed up.

He hated that Arthur could affect his emotions so easily, with the snap of his fingers. Just like that.

"What are you doing here?" Conan spat as he crossed his arms. He grew bolder and more confident in himself ever since he was officially out so standing up to Arthur didn't phase him very much anymore.

"I wanted to... apologize," he said the word with strong distaste.

"To me? Or to my boyfriend?" Owen found his voice again, wrapping an arm around Conan's waist protectively.

Arthur's gaze was fixated on his designer shoes. "To both of you."

"My eyes are up here," Owen snapped. "You're a grown ass man. If you're going to say sorry then go ahead and say it. I have shit to do and putting up with you isn't on the list."

"I'm sorry, Owen," Arthur looked straight into his son's eyes, "I took you, your siblings and mother for granted. These past few months have been miserable for me, I want to fix things," he whispered.

Owen's lips slowly turned into an amused grin. "You know, that's pretty ironic, because all this time has been fan-fucking-tastic for the rest of us." He let out a condescending laugh, "I have no interest in fixing things with you anymore. You had your chance and you blew it, so now you can live the rest of your shitty life being as miserable as you made ours."

fixing "I can make up for it," Arthur insisted as he held in his emotions that had been building up since the divorce, "I can fix this."

Owen stepped forward and bent down until his face was level to his father's. They didn't resemble each other much at all, but the one thing they did share? It was their eyes. The brown hue was practically identical as the colors mingled from how intensely they looked at each other.

"You can't fix this, because I'm not broken," Owen whispered. "I used to be, but I'm not anymore. You broke me. And I've spent years fixing the damage you made."

You "Owen-" Conan placed a hand on his shoulder to try and calm the blonde down but he ignored him.

"Yet, no matter how hard I tried, no matter what I did, I just couldn't. I wasn't able to do fucking shit about it! And you wanna know what finally helped me realize what love is?" His eyes were now watering as his voice grew shaky. " Conan."

Conan." A single tear dripped down his tan skin that he wiped away immediately. He wouldn't give Arthur the satisfaction of seeing how upset he was. He wouldn't give him the time of day.

"You made my childhood shit, you made me think I was a dumbass, you made me hate myself!" He shouted right in Arthur's face. "And you almost ruined the only thing that made me actually happy. It was all just because you didn't want to see me with another man. Why so suddenly? You've never given a damn about what I do before!"



Conan hugged Owen from behind as the jock heaved. His body was trembling with fury and he wanted to fling Arthur's wheelchair into the lake.

"You're selfish! You acted like I'm the dumb one- well look at you now!" he yelled while Conan struggled to hold him back. "Sad and alone! You get to know how it feels, who's the dumbass now?!"

Owen tore himself out of Conan's arms. If he didn't get away right then, he'd do something stupid when he was trying to prove he was the mature one. He sprinted over the grass and tried to get a head start since he knew Conan would easily catch up to him.

Before the brunette could chase after him, Arthur caught his sleeve. "Conan, right?"

"Um, yeah," he awkwardly replied and snatched his wrist back. He too was expecting Arthur to say something nasty, but he didn't.

"Do you make him happy?" he asked weakly.

Conan gulped as his cheeks heated up, biting the inside of his cheek. "I think so."

Arthur nodded, dropping eye contact. It was quiet for a moment before he chuckled to himself, "of all things Owen could do to cause a dispute, homosexuality never even crossed my mind."

"You don't see me as a girl?" Conan deadpanned. It was an embarrassing question but Arthur shocked him by his word usage.

He shrugged. "I'll admit that I don't understand it, but it's the least of my problems right now." He exhaled loudly through his nose.

"So why did you do it then?" Conan quizzed, baffled. "Why spread those posters if you don't care about my gender?"

"Even if it's difficult to see, I want the best for my children. Owen's included in that, I just gave up somewhere along the way. So I hired private investigators to get whatever dirt on you they could find. That just happened to be the most palatable thing they found." He sighed, "Conan, I don't care what's between your legs. I just wanted Owen to do what's right."

Conan hummed in thought. "Well I guess you technically got what you wanted after all," he noted. "Because he did do what's right. Your interpretation of it is just different than ours."

Arthur was silent as Conan stared. He had no idea the man had nothing against him being trans and figured he hated him. When in reality? His hatred didn't even have anything to do with Conan's gender.

"He's a good guy, Owen." Conan murmured, "it sucks that you didn't get to know him the way I do. If you did, you never would've given that up."

Conan left Arthur to wallow in his own pity, giving him one last glance before taking off in Owen's direction. As he ran, his mind was swarming with thoughts. He never considered how lucky he was to have such supportive parents. Owen didn't get to experience that and it was so unfair because Conan knew how much he deserved to.

He also thought about how his secret being out wasn't actually as bad as he made it out to be. It wasn't completely pleasant, but it worked out in the end. He didn't have to hide or have that constant fear in the back of his head that someone might find out. Things were okay. Never in a million years did he think they would be, but they were. He was okay.

Then there was his relationship with Owen- the cause of all that self discovery. Their bond was unlike any he'd ever seen before.

Conan filled in the empty spaces in Owen's heart, while Owen put Conan's own broken pieces back together. They supported each other, encouraged growth and provided unconditional love through the hardships.

Adults might laugh and say that what they shared was just puppy love. That their relationship was just temporary and could be easily replaced. It's easy for an outsider to make such an assumption. What was hard, was to actually feel what they felt. To go through what they'd been through. To love how they loved one another.

Owen was the kind of guy who believed in soulmates. He truly knew that Conan was crafted by some unknown power, designed perfectly for him. But Conan didn't believe in any of that. He saw these things are mere coincidences or happy accidents. At least he did until he met Owen.

Now, it was different. Now, Owen made Conan believe in the impossible. He made him believe there was a smile after every frown, that good would come after every bad, that happiness trailed behind sadness.

The unlikely pair made each other feel a lot of things and develop as individuals. The last thing any of them thought it would be was love, but it was. They were in love that was beyond sunshine and rainbows, puppy dogs and unicorns.

Owen Wilson and Conan Hill- they're in the kind of love that's impossible to fall out of.





———




