Title: T.M.I.

Prologue


Everyone should know this. You can't prove a negative fact.

"You didn't do it?" Rosie Geld snarled. "Prove it!"

"You didn't do it?" Rosie Geld snarled. "Prove it!" You can only prove positives that provide you with an alibi for the negative. I was not there because I was somewhere else. Use a positive to prove a negative.

" You did it, you fat slut. The entire school knows you did it."

You did it, you fat slut. The entire school knows you did it." But without an alibi, without a positive to dismiss the negative... You can't prove shit.

" Let me go, Rosie!" Audrey Hart tried to yank her hair out of the vice -like grip of the queen bee. "I told you I didn't do it. Those are just stupid high school rumors. You should know that better than anyone."

Let me go, Rosie!" Audrey Hart tried to yank her hair out of the vice -like grip of the queen bee. "I told you I didn't do it. Those are just stupid high school rumors. You should know that better than anyone." Rosie's grip only tightened. "Martin saw you. He was there, in their lockers, when you went in, you disgusting whore!"

Rosie's grip only tightened. "Martin saw you. He was there, in their lockers, when you went in, you disgusting whore!" Audrey tried to escape, but she'd already put up a fight and had been pushed around by Rosie's clique.

Audrey tried to escape, but she'd already put up a fight and had been pushed around by Rosie's clique. Miranda, Donna, Lexi, Ava.

Miranda, Donna, Lexi, Ava. Martin, Davey, Lucas, Antoine.

Martin, Davey, Lucas, Antoine. It's funny how some moments in life stay ingrained in your memory forever. Little details that don't matter stick with you and, as much as you try, you can't forget them.

What certain people wore, exactly what they said, how it smelled, how it made you feel.

Rosie's pink dress was just one shade darker than her highlights. She had a golden necklace on, the sapphire the exact color of her eyes. And with her bared teeth and upturned nose, she looked like a vicious pig. Her pupils were dilated, her breathing heavy. Her words poison.

Rosie's pink dress was just one shade darker than her highlights. She had a golden necklace on, the sapphire the exact color of her eyes. And with her bared teeth and upturned nose, she looked like a vicious pig. Her pupils were dilated, her breathing heavy. Her words poison. "You sucked his dick!" Her holler was joined by a sharp thrust of her hand.

"You sucked his dick!" Her holler was joined by a sharp thrust of her hand. Audrey's head hit the bathroom tiles again. Her vision blurred and the smell of industrial sanitizer filled her nostrils. Her eyes, her throat , her soul... E verything burned.

Audrey's head hit the bathroom tiles again. Her vision blurred and the smell of industrial sanitizer filled her nostrils. Her eyes, her throat , her soul... E verything burned. "I didn't do it," she choked out.

"I didn't do it," she choked out. "Yes. You. Did." Every word was another thrust against the tiles, another kick in the stomach from Lexi, another slap across the face from Miranda.

"Yes. You. Did." Every word was another thrust against the tiles, another kick in the stomach from Lexi, another slap across the face from Miranda. "Slut!"

"Slut!" "Whore!"

"Whore!" "Traitor!"

"Traitor!" "How dare you?" Rosie raged. "He's my boyfriend!"

"How dare you?" Rosie raged. "He's boyfriend!" Was, Rosie. The past tense would've been obvious to any self-respecting woman. But not to you. Not to someone stupid enough to request the proof of a negative.

But at this point, Audrey had lost any and all abilities to reason. She hadn't heard the rumor before being cornered, after class, in the second floor bathroom of Petraka Academy by queen bee Rosie Geld and her posse. She didn't know she'd need an alibi, so she didn't have one.

Whether she'd really gone into the boys' locker room and provided oral services to the entire football team, like the rumor claimed, was irrelevant. Why Rosie wasn't screeching like hell's bells at her boyfriend was also irrelevant.

What did matter was that her weakness, the surprise, her desire to escape the pain, made her stupid. It made her bargain with terrorists.

We never bargain with terrorists.



" Look." Ava crouched next to her, an understanding smile on her face. "Just admit it and we'll leave you alone. It's not such a big deal. We're juniors. I don't think there's one person in this bathroom who hasn't done it."

Look." Ava crouched next to her, an understanding smile on her face. "Just admit it and we'll leave you alone. It's not such a big deal. We're juniors. I don't think there's one person in this bathroom who hasn't done it." Audrey whimpered and rose her blackened eyes to this sliver of kindness. One of them was closing and probably looked like hell. The other was filled with tears and morphed everything around her. It gave Ava sharp, hellish features. It made Rosie look even more like a pig.

Audrey whimpered and rose her blackened eyes to this sliver of kindness. One of them was closing and probably looked like hell. The other was filled with tears and morphed everything around her. It gave Ava sharp, hellish features. It made Rosie look even more like a pig. "The real problem," Ava continued, "is that you won't admit what you've done to your girls. We're supposed to be honest and look after each other. There's a girl code, too."

"The real problem," Ava continued, "is that you won't admit what you've done to your girls. We're supposed to be honest and look after each other. There's a girl code, too." Any normal girl, especially Audrey Hart, who wasn't an idiot, would've seen through that. They weren't friends. Not since the start of high school when Rosie's father was elected senator and she rose miles above everyone else. Not since her entire clique was made out of the sons and daughters of rising politicians.

They weren't enemies either. Not until that night.

But Audrey forgot. Audrey was so desperate for relief, to just be left alone, that she forgot. Forgot she and Rosie were no longer friends, forgot the one golden rule.

"Okay," she breathed. "I did it. Now could you please leave me alone?"

"Okay," she breathed. "I did it. Now could you please leave me alone?" "Did what?" Donna asked. "Ava, move out of the way so I can get a good shot."

"Did what?" Donna asked. "Ava, move out of the way so I can get a good shot." "Yes, say it," Rosie growled. "What did you do?"

"Yes, say it," Rosie growled. "What did you do?" "I... I sucked Rod's... thing."

"I... I sucked Rod's... thing." Ah yes, Rod.

Rod.

He deserves a special place in hell and on this list.

Rosie and Rod. Rod and Rosie.

Of course there was much giggling at her inability to use the actual word, but even in her despair, Audrey was a lot classier than Rosie would ever be.

But you see, it no longer mattered. Because Audrey broke the rule.

We never negotiate with terrorists.

The girls finally pulled back, a look of glee on all their faces. Except for Rosie who still pouted as she kicked Audrey hard in the gut one last time. Then they all gathered around Donna's phone and watched. Audrey's whiny voice filled the bathroom as she admitted she'd done what she hadn't.

The girls finally pulled back, a look of glee on all their faces. Except for Rosie who still pouted as she kicked Audrey hard in the gut one last time. Then they all gathered around Donna's phone and watched. Audrey's whiny voice filled the bathroom as she admitted she'd done what she hadn't. "We should've made her say cock," Miranda said, scrunching her nose in displeasure. "Let's shoot it again."

"We should've made her say cock," Miranda said, scrunching her nose in displeasure. "Let's shoot it again." Audrey just curled into a ball and hugged her knees.

Audrey just curled into a ball and hugged her knees. "Oh, no," Ava said, already sending the video to all their phones. "It would looked forced. Hart doesn't have the heart to use grownup words."

"Oh, no," Ava said, already sending the video to all their phones. "It would looked forced. Hart doesn't have the heart to use grownup words." Rosie wasn't satisfied. She still frowned. And when she walked back to Audrey, she curled tighter around herself.

Rosie wasn't satisfied. She still frowned. And when she walked back to Audrey, she curled tighter around herself. "You're dead," Rosie said between her teeth. "Your social life is dead. No one will ever talk to you in this school again. Get ready to eat all your lunches in here. I should make you scrub your blood off the tiles. And if you ever breathe anything about this, you'll be literally dead. My father knows people. And there's no way I'll be getting in trouble over a piece of worthless shit like you."

"You're dead," Rosie said between her teeth. "Your social life is dead. No one will ever talk to you in this school again. Get ready to eat all your lunches in here. I should make you scrub your blood off the tiles. And if you ever breathe anything about this, you'll be literally dead. My father knows people. And there's no way I'll be getting in trouble over a piece of worthless shit like you." Rosie Geld was mostly right, of course. Not that Audrey would have told. For one thing, no one would have believed her. Rosie had four people with her who could easily provide her with an alibi. Audrey had nothing but blood and bruises and a shattered soul.

So she made no move, didn't let out a sound to stop them as they left. She stayed in that bathroom for hours. Since it was the end of classes and the janitor was particularly lazy that day, no one found her.

It took hours for her to finally move, drag her aching bones to the classroom across the hallway, walk to the window and stare into the darkness. It looked inviting. It looked like an escape.

I don't have to describe what happened next. You can all guess. Rosie Geld had been right. Audrey Hart was already dead. She just took the final step to make that happen.

What's the lesson here? There isn't really one. Anyone can be weakened by assault, by unexpected violence. Fear creates monsters, but it sometimes creates weakness as well.

Audrey wasn't weak. Audrey wasn't stupid. She fought back at first, she shouted, she pointed out how profoundly stupid the entire situation was. She argued that Rosie had no proof and everyone's innocent until proven guilty.

It didn't matter. She was destroyed. She broke her own rules. She gave in to the terrorists' demands and suffered for it.

I won't.

I don't negotiate with terrorists.

ðŸ§¿

Hyia! Welcome to my newest project. I needed this form of escape because writing became increasingly hard. I needed something that I could wing, something that doesn't require putting together seven books of vague hints and keeping people in character.

Hyia! Welcome to my newest project. I needed this form of escape because writing became increasingly hard. I needed something that I could wing, something that doesn't require putting together seven books of vague hints and keeping people in character. I was so burned out, I considered taking a long break from writing. Then this idea popped into my head, and I decided to give it a try.

I was so burned out, I considered taking a long break from writing. Then this idea popped into my head, and I decided to give it a try. This is the longest author note you will find in this story. I will keep them simple because even writing those and figuring out the right questions to ask the readers feels exhausting.

This is the longest author note you will find in this story. I will keep them simple because even writing those and figuring out the right questions to ask the readers feels exhausting. So no fancy headers, no aesthetics, no soundtrack. Feel free to suggest anything though.

So no fancy headers, no aesthetics, no soundtrack. Feel free to suggest anything though. So, thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.

So, thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.





One


As a rule, people are stupid.

I'm not kidding. Like choke-on-their-own-spit stupid.

And no one is as stupid as high school kids. With their teenage hormones and their misguided conviction that they are the center of the universe. News flash. No one cares about your petty drama. Well, no one important. Because other stupid high school students care.

They care about much dumber stuff, too. Like rumors. Who's doing who behind the bleachers. Who cheated on who. Whom. Whom cares?

Whom Their fatal mistake, however, is that they never look around. They think that if it's just two people in front of a locker, whispering to each other, no one can hear.

I can hear. I hear everything. I see everything. And not because I make an effort. Just because, unlike them, I pay attention.

Paying attention gets you very far. I can confirm or dismiss almost every rumor inside this hellhole of a school. Like that Cindy Liemann really did make out with Peter Chase. I saw them between classes, sneaking around, then under the bleachers, eating each other's faces off.

And Marcy Gray does have an unhealthy crush on her Spanish teacher and has been stalking him for months. I followed her to his house once and watched her struggling to get her large butt up a tree and spy on him with binoculars. Gross.

Yes, if you pay attention, you see a lot of things. For a while, I just liked knowing. Knowledge is power after all. An infinite pool of blackmailing material, should I ever need it to protect myself. Because this school, the famous Petraka Academy for the future leaders of this world, is a jungle in which the weak are devoured, spit out and eaten again.

But then, TMI happened.

It sprouted over night like a vengeful stormcloud and confirmed one sole rumor going around. That Maria Solis really did run a Rosie Geld hate club. The silly girl even had a hate shrine in her basement. Photos of it sprouted on TMI and started the hurricane.

Poor Maria Solis is still confined to the janitor's closet for lunch, even months after the event. She was forced to destroy the shrine and issue a public apology to Rosie that also appeared on TMI.

Yes, Maria's fate was tragic, but it was a worthy sacrifice. Since that day, TMI blew up. Rosie Geld approved of it. Rosie Geld believed in it. And because of that, so did everybody else.

Everyone who is anyone downloaded the app and they all check it religiously. No one wants to be out of the loop. No one wants to miss the juicy gossip.

I pass through the hallways like a ghost, my hood falling over my eyes. I'm nothing abnormal, nothing worth looking at. Just a regular girl with a black hoodie, hiding behind unruly hair, wearing boys' cut-up jeans and converse. One of hundreds at this school, trying to stay under the radar of the shiny it crowd.

But unlike the other slightly emo girls who secretly want to be seen, I don't. My goal is to stay unnoticed, not be seen. And no one gives a shit about me. Even if I'm maybe the only thing they should be giving a shit about.

I pass by gangs of boys, laughing, lying about who they've slept with. News flash, Gordon Sterling, you're still a virgin. Hands don't count. My hand tightens against my phone, but I keep it in the pouch of my hoodie. It's not his time yet.

My next target is someone lower in the hierarchy at the moment. Because that's the secret of TMI's success. After the first rumor concerning top-of-the-food-chain Rosie Geld, TMI only focused on the more unpopular students.

No one likes to get attacked, to be a target. Everyone likes to see others bleed. Rosie is no exception, no matter how high above the mundane she believes herself to be.



She is not. She is a pig. An infatuated little girl, dependent on her family's prestige and on the ass-kissing of her friends .

friends Just thinking about her has my fists clenching again, so hard, my knuckles pop. But it's not her time either. Not yet.

I know better than anyone that excellence requires a herculean effort, passion, dedication. Smarts. I can't afford to be stupid. I won't be.

For TMI to work, I have to be patient and diligent with the information I have. Knowledge is power as long as you don't squander it. And I've been doing great so far. One tiny step at a time. One step higher up the hierarchy from time to time.

And today is Jace Rosenberg's turn.

I walk by his locker, not changing my pace. He's there with his friends, four boys so desperate to copy the elite. They're higher up the food chain than my regular targets and getting dirt on them proved a little more difficult. But it's a miracle what you can find in someone's phone when they misplace it, and Jace does that a lot.

Browsing history is an invaluable resource.

I stop a few lockers away and twiddle with the lock. It's not mine, but no one knows and no one cares. I'm not important enough for people to take notice of me. The locker I'm at doesn't belong to anyone important either. I can hear Jace and his friends laughing.

"Nah, man, I'll give her a four out of ten," Jace says.

Yes, he's a disgusting pig who rates girls and laughs with his dimwitted friends. They're making it so easy for me not to feel bad about what I'm doing.

"A four?" one of his friends asks. He's not a target so I don't really give a shit what his name is, at least not yet. "She's hot, man!"

She's sixteen, and that's actually Jace's problem. If she were sixty, he might've had a different opinion.

My muscles tense and my fingers curl and uncurl around my phone. I can't believe I'm nervous, but today is a big day. Another stepping stone for TMI. I haven't been this nervous since the first rumor went out.

Jace shakes his head, his scruffy blond locks brushing his forehead. He thinks his haircut is artistic since he's trying to copy Rod Wiseman, but he just looks unkempt and gross.

"Nope. Dog. Who else?"

I take my phone out and look at the screen. This is the first time I'm confirming a rumor without solid proof being provided as an attachment. I know I could get some if I tried harder, but that's not the point. This is a test. A kick up and proof of how much Petraka Academy trusts TMI.

The post is ready. All I have to do is upload it. And with the simple press of a button, it goes off into the universe, forever ingrained in the endless web that is the internet.

In a matter of seconds, all the phones around me start beeping. No one has silenced the notification coming from TMI. No one wants to be the last to know.

Like a giant heard of sheep, every student around me raises their phone and stares at the screen. I love this moment. It's so easy to make a real impression of people by the looks on their faces. Some are terrified, thinking the rumor might be about them. Some are annoyed, aware that gossip is stupid, but still conforming. Most of them have a savage look of pleasure morphing their features, like animals faced with hurt, helpless pray.

I register each and every person in my line of sight for later use. I never feel sorry for people like them. In a fair world, they'd just be weeded out by evolution, but modern society has made natural selection so much harder. Once the general shock fades, my focus moves to Jace.

His mouth drops open and his eyes pop out of his head. His friends laugh, nudging each other.

"This true, man?" one of them asks.

All my muscles tense and a weird tingle settles over my skin. He sounds doubtful. I need his name. But all my worries and calculations are swept away by teenage stupidity.

"How did they know?" Jace splutters.

"Wait, it's true?" His doubtful friend's face lights up with glee. "You really get off on old people porn?"

Jace's face turns as scarlet as the locker behind him. "Shit. Hey, it's there for a reason. Stuff like that has millions of views."

"Yeah, from freaks like you."

The crowd is laughing and pointing. Anything concerning sex is always a hit, because that's all these hormonal seniors always think about. And a deviant is a thousand times juicier.

I hide my smile, my forehead pressed against the scarlet metal. My heart beats as fast as if I'd run a marathon. They bought it. The idiot admitted it himself, thinking everyone would believe it anyway since it was on TMI.

I didn't need to provide proof. TMI is now beyond needing proof.

"This app is amazing!" Rosie Geld's voice raises above the crowd, followed by her screeching hyena-like laugh.

Yes, it is. Just like it's amazing how stupid they all are. How no one wonders who is behind it, how they know.

There's a psycho stalker in their midst and they don't care.

The grin on my face widens and I have to bite the inside of my cheeks not to laugh out loud.

That psycho is me.

ðŸ§¿

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.





Two


There's one thing movies always fail to show you. Victory is never the end of anything. Failure usually is. Victory is just disorienting for a while.

My experiment went so well, I'm a little stumped about what to do next. I know what it means, but what to do with it has my mind spinning.

Yes, I can move up the social ladder now and target other people on Jace Rosenberg's tier, but does that mean I should leave the lower tools alone?

And no one requested proof to believe what TMI claimed. But should I stop providing proof altogether?

There's no right answer to this. It's very important that people don't ask questions about the app, and I have long ago failed to understand them and predict what's going on inside their heads.

Because if it were me, I'd have questions the moment TMI appeared and started confirming rumors. Which no one else did. I'm clearly a freak.

So I do the only thing that makes sense. As I sit cross legged on my bed, I pick up a notepad and pencil out my options with their pros and cons.

I have two choices regarding my targets: either keep climbing, leaving the lesser idiots behind, or randomly hit everyone.

The first option has an obvious pro. Once the top of the food chain figures out that TMI keeps climbing, they'll start to be afraid, shaking in their Gucci or Prada shoes that it might be them next. The con is that they would see it coming.

Keeping it random also has the pro of scaring them and reminding them that no one is safe. The con is that they might get a false sense of security. Then, they wouldn't be as stressed about it as they should and it would take a considerable amount of effort from my part.

and I chew the end of my pencil, my eyes straying so the tiny blue flowers on my bedspread dance. Both approaches are enticing, especially since what happened to Audrey Hart was as random as it came. But it's also that particular aspect that makes me want to steer clear of their modus operandi.

modus operandi. The issue of evidence is even tougher. Not providing it could scare my targets, because they would know it is no longer needed. Providing it would also terrify them because they would know I have it. So it's a matter of prestige over validity. TMI is beyond proof, that was already demonstrated, but how long could it survive without it once the top becomes a target and start denying the truth?

I can't decide.

Out of a reflex that I thought I've lost, my hand reaches for my phone and I'm scrolling through my contact list before my fingers start shaking and I drop the thing all together.

There's no one to call. I have no friends. Not after what happened to Audrey. Not after I started obsessing over it. But no one else cares, and what happened can't just blow under the radar.

Rosie Geld can't win. Her ilk can't get away with this.

I write down the list again, afraid I'd forgotten any of the names on it.

Rosie Geld.

Rod Wiseman.

Miranda Washington.

Martin Hirsch.

Donna Jensen.

Davey Postvam.

Ava Park.

Antoine Laurent.

Lexi Kramer.

Lucas Brandt.

R R, M M, D D, A A, L L. The alliteration nation. The abomination nation. The cruelest, most self-entitled assholes on this planet, set to be the future of our nation.



Not if I can help it.

"Adrienne, what are you doing?"

My mother's nasal voice makes me jump. I turn the notepad over and my eyes dart to her, my heart racing and my teeth gritting together.

There she is, in the doorway, a glass in her hand. Jocelyn, my horrid, alcoholic mother. Her drink is dark, reminiscent of Coke, but I know better. There's probably three quarters rum in there.

"I asked you a question," she insists, her words harsh and slurred.

She hates it when I ignore her. Hates it when everyone does. That's why she probably fucked the fathers of all my enemies. It was her way of helping my own father climb the social ladder. Not that he's a saint.

"I'm not doing anything," I answer, my tone even and lacking any emotion. I don't think she knows how much I despise her and I don't want her to. Not yet at least. It would just be one extra headache.

She raises an eyebrow. Even if her hair is dyed blonde, her eyebrows are still dark, reminiscent of the chestnut curls of her youth, the ones I inherited from her.

With her styled bob, immaculate white pant suit and flashy silver heels, she looks like the respectable wife of a Congressman. Too bad my father isn't one, at least not yet. And too bad it's all as fake as her hair color.

As much as she tries, she is not put together. All her life had been about gaining social status and financial stability. It had ruled every decision she had ever made, from the moment her parents had gone bankrupt, and until this very day. Even having me was part of the plan.

Maybe it wasn't easy for her, lying left and right, hanging around schools she didn't go to, just to snag a husband from a good family. Cue Harold, my father, the fool. Even if my paternal grandparents aren't rich or famous, they had potential and political ties. Jocelyn couldn't aim too high, not when she had no political value of her own. All she had was good looks and an undying ambition. I guess I did inherit something other than her hair color.

Whether they ever loved each other or not, I will never know. Whatever affection was between them that got them to make a child is, however, long gone.

Don't get me wrong. I'm not a tragic little hero with a neglectful family and asshole parents. My childhood was okay. It took me very long to figure out that my parents basically hate each other, and by that time, I had enough problems of my own to care too much. Plus, my grandparents love me. Both pairs. And I love them. Of course, I don't see them much since we moved to Washington, but how else would my dear father advance his career?

How else would my dear mother lie her way into the highest social circles, wearing designer clothes she can't afford? But fake it till you make it has always been her motto in life. That's how we ended up in Washington DC when I was much happier back in Baltimore.

Who cares what I want? Definitely not Harold and Jocelyn.

"You should go out with friends," my mother declares, making a sharp gesture with the drink in her hand.

I watch the dark liquid climbing dangerously high on the wall of the glass, stopping a mere millimetre from the brim. How I'd love to see her spilling that thing on her suit.

"What friends, mother?" I'm not going to pretend I have or want any. I also just like to aggravate her, and my lack of social skills always does that.

"Rosie Geld, Donna Jensen... Even the Park girl." She hesitates, her hazy brown eyes narrowing. As much as she likes social standing, she never mentions Miranda because she's a damn racist and wouldn't want me around a black girl. Though I'm pretty sure Jocelyn did her father.



"Sorry to disappoint, Mother, but I'm not friends with them."

"Nonsense! You and Rosie used to hang out all the time when you were kids."

I wince and bury the memory begging to resurface. No, the person who was friends with Rosie is dead. Not me. Too many things have changed.

I couldn't spare a positive thought towards Rosie, not after what she did to Audrey Hart. Not after she killed her. Rosie lost her humanity long ago.

"Rosie's an entitled bitch."

Jocelyn rolls her eyes. "Of course she is. Her father is riding the wave in the Senate. There are rumors that he'll be the party's next pick for president. You should take a leaf out of her book and be an entitled bitch yourself. Getting along with them could help your father's career."

"I think one woman in this house selling her integrity for my father's career is enough."

She narrows her eyes at me, but she doesn't disagree. If there is one thing I appreciate about my mother is that she's not apologetic about who she is. She owns up to what she's done and never tries to bullshit me.

Instead, she wanders to my closet, her knees wobbly like a baby calf's, and opens it. As always, I'm impressed by how much she can do without spilling her drink.

"You have all these nice clothes and you insist on always wearing those jeans and that godawful hoodie. Where'd you even get that? Target?"

It's exactly where I got it. "Not my fault Prada makes ugly-ass hoodies."

"That's no way for a lady to speak." But she doesn't contradict me that designer hoodies are ugly as fuck. "Go out more. Get out now."

I open my mouth to end our interaction with my usual "Fuck off, mother," but I change my mind. I need to think and she's in an unusually verbose mood. There's no way in hell I want to discuss my childhood with Rosie Geld, so getting out isn't such a bad idea.

So, instead of arguing with her any further, I take the easy way out. I nod, grab my notepad and hop off my queen sized bed.

"That's the spirit," my mother cheers, a hiccup escaping her.

I try not to cringe at how cartoonish she is because I'm done interacting for the evening. She's apparently not. The moment I pass her, she takes my face in her hands. The cold glass makes me shiver and the spiky model on it digs into my cheek.

"You can do great things, Adrienne," she whispers. "You are so beautiful, a lot more beautiful than I ever was. You got your father's wits and my perseverance. There's nothing in this world out of your reach."

I nod so she'd let me go, even if I know she's full of shit. I'm not beautiful. I'm not ugly either. I'm just that type of normal, pleasant face you see a dime a dozen, that people forget the second they see it. Sure, my hair color is a nice shade of chestnut, my eyes are grey, almost blue, and my lips are full, but in a place like Washington, in a school like Petraka Academy, I don't stand out.

It's exactly that which makes my job to see and not be seen so much easier. I'm not quirky, I'm not interesting, I don't have a thing that makes me me .

thing me But my mother is right about the other stuff. I am intelligent and I am persevering. I never give up if I put my mind to something.

And right now, I'm hellbent on destroying the people who my mother wants me to befriend. Because I can't let anyone get away with what they did, what they do every day. I won't let them get away with murder.

The thought fuels me to get out of the house faster. The moment I'm out in the dark, I calm down. I like being alone, wondering the streets with nothing but my thoughts to keep me company. Sure, it gets lonely sometimes, but not when I have goals. Not when my life has meaning and purpose.

Not when no one understands what I'm doing and would only get in my way.

I still need to decide what to do about TMI. All approaches have their merits, I just need to figure out which one serves my purpose the best.

As I walk, I pull out my cellphone and check the new entries of rumors just begging to be confirmed.

Meredith Anderson is having an affair with the PE teacher. True, but she's too high up the food chain to expose right now.

Meredith Anderson is having an affair with the PE teacher. Hunter Gilligan is doing blow. Also true and on the same tier as Jace Rosenberg. I mark it as something to release in the following days.

Hunter Gilligan is doing blow. Jennifer Andrews and Nina Lee pushed Ginny Jones down the stairs. I frown at this. I've seen Ginny Jones with her face bruised and suspected something like this, but I believed Rosie's posse did it, not the two girls who were supposed to be her best friends. This needs investigating.

Jennifer Andrews and Nina Lee pushed Ginny Jones down the stairs. Even if I have something to get to the bottom of in the next few days, I keep scrolling absentmindedly amongst the rumors every idiot in school submits.

My finger freezes on my screen and my chest tightens. Erica Lieman is a raging dyke.

Erica Lieman is a raging dyke. Homophobic slur aside, the text hurts me. Erica was my best friend and I know better than anyone that she's into guys. She's had the same, steady boyfriend for years, even if he doesn't go to Petraka. It's a rumor most likely launched by some idiot she turned down.

Even if we're no longer friends, I can't leave it like this. I debunk the rumor. TMI calls it fake. It happens very rarely so the school will be in an uproar tomorrow, but I don't care.

Tears fill my eyes as I stare at Erica's name and imagine the hate she's been getting around the school. The kids there are many things, but progressive isn't one of them. They're the children of the biggest conservatives on this planet. But I could stop it and I did.

What the fuck is wrong with you? That girl is not your friend . Not anymore. And this isn't going to change anything. Especially since she won't know I did it.

What the fuck is wrong with you? That girl is not your friend . It doesn't matter anyway.

I focus on more rumors, trying to smother the unpleasant feeling in my chest. I freeze again once I come across the most unusual rumor yet.

Marisa Delterre is actually a genius and only pretends to be a bubbly airhead.

Marisa Delterre is actually a genius and only pretends to be a bubbly airhead. Um, what? Marisa Delterre is definitely a bubbly airhead with her pink and purple outfits, her perpetual smile and bouncy steps. There's no way that...

I look around. The street is empty and I'm right in her neighborhood. This is such an unusual thing, I'm inclined to check it out right away. I focus on the houses around me and realize I'm basically three doors down from her place.

Filled with purpose, the uneasiness inside me disappears and I almost feel like giggling. This is going to be easy and amusing.

I jog to her place, one in a row of identical brick villas, and easily climb the tree in her front yard. Since I know basically where everyone at Petraka lives, I also know the window of Marisa's bedroom overlooks the street.

Hidden between the foliage, I peer through her bedroom window. I've never looked inside her house before because I didn't need to. She is too high up the social ladder to be a target yet and she's pretty down low on the rumor radar. Up until now.

There she is, mahogany waves as bouncy as ever, but she's wearing blue jeans and a grey NASA t-shirt. Her walls are filled with maps of the world and the solar system and there's not one ounce of pink anywhere.

She drops on her bed, a notebook in hand, and frowns at it. She has something else there. Something smaller. A calculator. What the hell is she doing?

I crawl my way on the branch, closer to the window, squinting to see better. What's she writing? If I can get just a bit--

My heads hits something and I curse under my breath. The branch I've just hit flays against her window pane and she looks up.

Our eyes meet.

She sees me.

ðŸ§¿

T hank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.

T hank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.





Three


Despite what movies and trashy teenage novels tell you, getting caught spying on someone is not a whimsical way of building interhuman relationships.

It's weird, illegal and scary as fuck.

Marisa Delterre has the greenest eyes I've ever seen.

And she's frowning. Because the rumor is true and she's not a braindead idiot. She's a person with sense who sees how wrong it is for someone to be in her yard, up a fucking tree, and looking through her window.

My skull still screaming in pain, I ease back on the branch, towards the trunk. The dizziness makes my moves clumsy and slow, so I put more effort into not falling. Breaking something would be the end of me.

"Hey!" She opens the window and screams at me. Her voice is authoritative, nothing like the normal sing-song she uses at school.

I don't listen. It's dark and I have my hoodie on, I'm not about to give myself away. My butt hits the trunk and my legs wrap around it.

"Stop right there. I saw you!"

Fuck off, you have no idea who I am. I wrap my arms around the trunk and twist so that I'm out of sight before I start climbing down. She shouts more warnings, but I block out her words because only idiots freeze and reveal themselves. My boots hit the soft grass with a silent thud.

Fuck off, you have no idea who I am. Adrenaline races through my veins and I hardly contain myself from knocking my head back and laughing. It was a close one.

"Adrienne!"

I freeze. Against my better judgement, I look towards Marisa's window. Her hands are pressed on the windowsill and she's leaning her torso outside, looking straight at me. I'm wondering how well she can see from up there. And how does she even know my name?

It doesn't matter. It will all be a rumor she will fail to follow up on and maybe tell her ditzy friends who would laugh and assure her that it was actually a hot sad boy trying to steal her underwear or something.

"Take another step and I'm calling the police."

That gets my attention. Her tone has lowered to make sure the neighbors don't hear, so she obviously means it. Just the thought of policemen swarming inside my house sends my stomach into a jolt and nausea up my throat.

Marisa takes advantage of my lack of movement and crawls out her window and into the tree I just used to spy on her. She's not as good as me when it comes to climbing down, but she does it. In less than a minute, she's standing on the grass, five feet from me. She's not even panting.

"Come inside," she says.

I take an involuntary step back.

"I mean it. I'm calling the police if you bolt. Or better yet, tell the entire school you're behind TMI."

"I'm not." The lie leaves my lips easily because I've been training myself to deny it ever since I started what I'm doing.

"Of course not." From her tone, I can't tell if she believes me or is just humoring me. All I note is the lack of sarcasm. "Let's go in. My parents aren't home." And just like that, she walks towards the entrance of her house.

I follow, not sure what's happening, but taking the chance to avoid more rumors and drama. As I walk to her door, my hand tightens around the swiss army knife I have in the pouch of my hoodie. I hope I won't be forced to use it, but I'm not beyond it.

"Don't take your shoes off," Marisa says, holding the door for me.

The moment I'm in, she shuts the door behind me and starts up the stairs, her own scarlet converse still on. I have sneakers like that at home, an identical pair I haven't worn since I started stalking people.



I only get to glance at a kitchen to our left and a long, narrow hall next to the staircase that appears to be leading into the living room before I start climbing after her. Marisa enters the first room to the left on the landing and I follow.

I can't believe I'm in Marisa Delterre's bedroom. Yes, her walls are filled with maps and the notebook on her bed is riddled with mathematical calculations. She sits on her bed and nods towards the chair at her desk.

I would normally be telling her to fuck off, but I'm interested in what I'm seeing. There are more notebooks and textbooks on her desk and I realize it's not math she's working on.

"Astrophysics," she says as if reading my mind. "You're here about the rumor, aren't you?"

I cross my arms over my chest and glare at her. She's not impressed. The thing is, I have no idea what to say. Any word coming out of my mouth would either be a dangerous admission or a lie which will obviously not be believed.

"Why are you hiding all this?" I ask instead.

Marisa raises and eyebrow, but seems to lose some of the tension in her shoulders. "Are you kidding? Smarts aren't all that appreciated at Petraka. It's okay to have decent grades, but not to be valedictorian."

I frown at her words. "Isn't Rosie Geld valedictorian?" Not because she's necessarily smart, but because her father is who he is and no one dares upset him over something as inconsequential as his daughter not being a genius.

"That's what the entire school thinks," Marisa says with a shrug. "Big surprise for her when she won't be, but that's not my problem."

I narrow my eyes even further because none of this adds up. Marisa Delterre is not a genius. Sure, she's not the school idiot either, but her interest in grades is sketchy at best. I've seen her half-wailing over 70 percent tests. Something clicks, something I refuse to admit to myself because it's terrifying.

"Do you fake your tests?"

A smile lifts her plump lips. Her Latina heritage makes her skin glow and she looks a lot more beautiful than I care to admit. Without the makeup she puts on at school, I can finally see the real her. Her cheeks are rounder and her cheekbones not as jutted out. Also her eyes look bigger and her lips are narrower than with lipstick on, which completely cancels the vulgar air she displays at school. She uses makeup to make herself uglier.

"I knew you were smart." She relaxes further and actually leans on her elbows on the bed, leaving herself uncovered. "Yes, I usually photograph my tests before handing them in and grade myself so I can show others. No one bothers with the official records anyway."

That's genius and something I would've probably used myself if I still cared to play the social game. I nod towards her face.

"What about your makeup? You look much better without it."

She laughs at this. It's a clear, honest sound, so unlike the annoying giggle she uses at school.

"You don't want to be prettier than Rosie Geld. No one does." Marisa flips her hair over her shoulder and grins at me. She still has the gaptooth, but it seems much smaller.

"You're prettier than Rosie Geld even with the bad makeup on," I point out. "She looks like an entitled pig."

"To you and me, because we know that's what she really is."

"What do your parents think about your transformation?"

"I do my makeup in the car. And they do know I rely on the clothes to fit in. My mother remembers how effed up high school is, so no questions asked. All she wants is to make sure it doesn't eat away my soul. It may sound like a paradox, but pretending to be someone else helps me not lose who I really am."



I clench my fists and try to keep my face as impassible as I can, but my adrenaline spikes again and my mind is swirling. I missed this. Marisa Delterre completely fooled me and maybe she's not the only one. I thought I was on top of the game just to be proven wrong in the most humiliating way possible.

She notices the change in my mood, because she's back in a sitting position and looks guarded. She's a smart girl, maybe she's figured out that I'm not exactly safe, that she shouldn't have let me into the house while she's alone.

"Am I right?" she asks. "Are you here to check on the rumor? Because if you're not, I have a backup plan that involves a very heavy baseball bat."

"Don't threaten me, Delterre. I'm not helpless either."

We stare each other down for a few seconds and I wonder if her bat is hidden in her rumpled bedspread.

"It doesn't have to get to that," she finally says. "I called you in here because I want in."

"You want what?"

"I want to be a contributor on TMI."

"Yeah, right."

"Why not? I hang out in the highest circles. I could give you dirt on everybody. And I'm maybe one of the few people who understands why you're doing this."

Her words trigger something deep inside me, something that I've forced to lie dormant for months. My vision tunnels and air fails to enter my lungs. I see her lips moving, but my hearing has turned fuzzy.

"I'm really sorry about--"

"No." I clamp my hands over my ears and shake my head. "No, no, no." I don't want to hear it. I don't want her to say it. I don't want anyone confirming that it's real even if I know it is, even if it's what drives me.

She calls a name I no longer recognize, asks me to calm down, if I want a glass of water. I know it's stupid, but I'm freaking the fuck out.

"Adrienne!"

The name snaps me out of it and I look up. Marisa is right in my face, her hands wrapped around my forearms.

"It's okay," she says, her voice soothing, as if she's talking to a spooked animal. Not far from the truth, but I still yank myself from her grasp.

"I understand," she continues, "and I agree. They need to pay for what they did."

"Yes," I whisper. "They need to pay."

"That's why I need in on this." Her voice cracks the tiniest bit and I finally see it. The pain in her eyes, the well-hidden despair.

"Who?" I ask.

"Davey Postvam," she says with a wince. "He's first on my list, but it's essentially all of them. They all had a hand in it. Just like in your case."

"Not my case." Audrey Hart's case.

"Call it what you like." She shrugs and sits back on the bed. "So if you let me be a contributor on TMI, I can be loads of help. For you as well as everyone else getting bullied in this hell of a school."

"What do you know?"

"You want a piece of gossip like a guarantee or what?"

That's exactly what I want. I'm still not sure what to make of this, if I should let Marisa in, but she's right about one thing. She could get me inside dirt I could never get on my own. Observing the monsters in school is one thing, but she has access to their private parties. Luigi Delterre is a senator, too, so the it crowd doesn't shun Marisa away, even if she isn't part of the golden circle.

"You already know a lot about me that could get me into serious trouble with them," she adds.

That was also true. A mere two days ago, I would've never even considered this. But ever since my success with Jace Rosenberg, things have gotten more complicated and maybe I did need someone on the in, just for the sake of bouncing ideas off them.

Marisa was dangerous. She was smart and observant and already suspected me. I'm convinced that if she puts her mind to it, she could be a nuisance I don't need.

I hate depending on people, but maybe I don't have to. Not with her.

"Okay, here's your test. If you were in on TMI and had to decide how to better punish your targets, how would you go about it? Make them feel like they're hunted or scare them by keeping it random so that they know no one is safe?"

She narrows her eyes at me and I'm wondering how much she can read between the lines.

"I'd terrify them by having them know they're next, but unable to predict when it will happen and what will be revealed. I'd want them to lose sleep and shake with terror every hour of every day."

The harshness in her voice makes me shudder, but I like what I'm hearing. It helps me make up my mind. Up the ladder it is.

"Okay." I can't help my own evil grin. "You're in."

ðŸ§¿

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.





Four


Hindsight is a beautiful thing which people look upon with regret. It sometimes takes years to realize you've done something wrong.

Sometimes, it only takes seconds.

I regret the words coming out of my mouth the moment they spring freely into the space between Marisa and me. This can't happen. I can't let someone else in.

But it's been done. Her face lights up and she sits back on her bed, away from me, which is exactly where I want her and everyone else. My palms are sweaty so I wipe them on my jeans.

"So how are we going to do things?" she asks, unaware of my change of heart.

I can back out, I know I can, but I don't want her butting into my business. And I especially don't want to reach a point where I would be stuck without her.

" We are not going to do anything. I will give you access to the incoming rumor mill and you can help me sort through them."

We Her eyes darken, but she fortunately keeps her mouth shut about how little control I'm willing to give up. Well, tough. If she wants to work with me, she'll have to get used to it.

"Fair enough." She stands and heads for her dresser from which she pulls out a small box.

It's one of those godawful tacky things with a heart on the lid and bedazzled ad nauseam . I want to puke just looking at it.

ad nauseam "I don't know why or how come," Marisa starts, "but TMI happened exactly after my own unpleasant incident with the golden circle." She pulls out a piece of paper and shows it to me.

Even if it's been only six months, I feel a bit nostalgic seeing the flyer that advertised the existence of TMI. I had to be careful when crafting it so that it would draw attention and not indicate anything about the person behind it. So I used the Petraka Academy stationary and a professional, neutral font.

The message was also clear:

Knowledge is power.

Knowledge is power. Too much information? You can never have too much information! Not in our day and age .

Too much information? You can never have too much information! Not in our day and age . So it makes no sense for rumors to fly about with no way to know if they're real.

So it makes no sense for rumors to fly about with no way to know if they're real. It makes no sense to get in trouble over things that never happened.

It makes no sense to get in trouble over things that never happened. Enter TMI, the new hit app used by millions of students worldwide. If you have a suspicion or a juicy piece of gossip, enter it in the app and watch it either be confirmed (with proof) or dismissed.

Enter TMI, the new hit app used by millions of students worldwide. If you have a suspicion or a juicy piece of gossip, enter it in the app and watch it either be confirmed (with proof) or dismissed. It's free, effective , and will make sure you're always up to speed with school life.

It's free, effective , and will make sure you're always up to speed with school life. TMI is here for you. TMI never lies. Because there is no such thing as Too Much Information.

TMI is here for you. TMI never lies. Because there is no such thing as Too Much Information. I still remember how nervous I was on the day I spread these out in school, afraid no one would download the app, that no one would trust it. The use of worldwide was bullshit, meant to sell, because this app has always been designed with one single school in mind. Petraka.

worldwide It was slow. I saw people picking up the flyers and reading them, but no one rushed to their app store to get it. Even if I didn't expect them to, it was still disappointing.

So I had to do it the old fashioned way. Use a rumor that interested Rosie Geld, whisper it on school corners and wait for her to pick up on it and want to prove it. It was pure luck that Maria Solis was too high up the food chain to attack without proof or warning. Unlike other people. Unlike Audrey.



But no, Maria was also the daughter of a senator, and had an important following of her own. A contender for the title of queen bee. So Rosie turned to TMI. The moment the rumor was confirmed, two things happened.

Maria fell from grace and TMI rose to stardom. It's been careful, grueling work ever since. But I'm proud. And strangely touched that Marisa kept her flyer.

"I tried for months to figure out how it worked," Marisa continues. "I even checked a few of the rumors myself. But TMI is always right. TMI has proof. And now that you're here, I understand why."

I pull further away from her, the words rubbing me the wrong way. "What exactly do you understand?"

"That you needed a way to dismiss rumors, too. Your way is genius, though. I haven't been able to figure out how."

I frown as I try to remember if I've ever heard any rumor about Marisa Delterre and Davey Postvam. Or just about her for that matter. But I draw a blank.

The logical thing would be to ask her about the rumor, but that would prove I am flawed and there's no way I'm admitting any weakness in front of a stranger. Maybe she's actually in cahoots with Rosie and she's trying to catch me wrong-footed.

"Anyway, I will help you within your terms," she continues. "And when the time comes and you'll need further proof about the golden circle, we can negotiate participation. Until then, I'll continue my work and see if it would be useful."

"Your work?" I hate that I sound surprised, but I am.

She stands from the bed and comes at me. I retreat further into my chair, but she doesn't want to touch me, just pick up something from a drawer of her desk. It's a complicated chart with names and places, but she doesn't let me look.

"You have an app, I have a map," Marisa says with a grin. "There are three months left until graduation, and there's no way I'm letting them get away with things. Pulling the title of valedictorian out from under Rosie's snout is one thing, but that won't fix what they did to me."

Why don't I know what they did to her? How has this escaped me? It is very unlikely that I'd still hear about it, especially since it happened before TMI, but...

Maybe it was over summer break. Maybe it happened while I was out of school. It's picking away at my nerves, but I don't think there's any way for me to find out unless I, or someone else just asks. Marisa or anyone else at Petraka.

I file that away for later consideration and return to the manic girl with a map in front of me.

"Okay, fine. Here's what's going to happen. TMI is currently on tier three. We need to cover a large part of it before we move to tier two. Then we can finally reach what you call the golden circle and what I call tier one."

"Wait, what?"

My brain is racing and in spite of my better judgment, I'm getting excited. I roll on her desk chair and grab a random piece of paper.

"For a valedictorian, you're slow." I pick up a random pencil and draw a crude pyramid with five levels. "Easy peasy. Tier five is the largest one, filled with losers and normal kids. This is a free for all and TMI activated solely here after the Maria Solos incident. It's also where the majority of students at Petraka stand. Then there's tier four. Moderately popular kids. Until today, TMI operated here. Then we jumped to tier three which is filled with the likes of Jace Rosenberg, Hunter Gilligan and Ginny Jones."

"Those are pretty popular people," Marisa points out, as if I don't know that or how my own tier system works. "Their parents are in Congress."

Who the fuck cares? "I know. But you have a point about three months. We need to get through tiers three and two before we can reach the real targets. Tier one."



I write their names down. My mantra.

Rosie Geld.

Rod Wiseman.

Miranda Washington.

Martin Hirsch.

Donna Jensen.

Davey Postvam.

Ava Park.

Antoine Laurent.

Lexi Kramer.

Lucas Brandt.

Marisa looks over my shoulder. "This the order in which you want to take them down?"

I glare at her. "Of course not. Rosie will be last. Her and that idiot, Rod. I haven't exactly figured out the order yet. It's not like I'm close to tier one."

Marisa hums and I instantly hate admitting to not knowing something.

"You're right," she finally says. "No use thinking about that now. We can figure it out when we get there."

"Do you have an order?"

you "Yeah, but I'm still working on fine-tuning everything."

Fucking overachiever. I watch her folding her map, wishing I could get my hands on it. But she would know it's me. I could break in and take photos with my phone, but I'm pretty sure she's going to hide it after I'm gone.

"Who's on level two?' Marisa suddenly asks.

"Tier two," I correct instantly. If she's so smart, she could at least keep up with the official terms.

She shrugs but keeps staring at me, waiting for an answer. I bite my lip, taking her in. She's tall and athletic, a few pounds over the acceptable limit to be a Petraka Barbie. Even if she's nowhere near it, Rosie probably calls her fat behind her back. In a one on one, Marisa would probably break Rosie over her knee. Her and all her stick friends.

Unfortunately, without weapons, she would probably pound me into oblivion, too. Which sucks, but I'm definitely not athletic. I never was. I always valued brains over brawn. It just never dawned to me you can have both. Or that I would ever need both.

The body is frail and ever subject to change. It's your mind, your skills, your determination, that makes you a real person.

I am real.

So is Marisa Delterre.

And she asked me a question.

"Meredith Anderson," I finally answer. "Yuri Ono and you." Because they're the only people who are as high up as the golden circle, but not inside it.

"Not a lot of people in tier two," she immediately notices.

I just shrug. It wasn't a problem before this because I always assumed they are all free game. But if Marisa is in on it, I only have one rumor for the entire tier because I don't know jack squat about Yuri Ono. He doesn't even come to school much.

"We're not there yet, either."

She accepts that and looks at her watch. Very subtle, but I want out of there even more than she wants me out.

"How will I know when you grant me access?"

"You'll start seeing a different section in the app."

"You should give me your phone number."

"Fuck no."

Marisa rolls her eyes and I just want to punch her pretty face in.

"Your schedule, then."

"Um, how do I say this nicely? Fuck no."

"Then how are we supposed to communicate, genius?"

"I'll find you when I'll need you."

"What if I need you?"

"Don't." And with that, I hop off her chair and slide out her window.

I half expect her to ruin my epic oneliner, but she stays quiet and lets me disappear into the night.

After I'm three blocks down from her place, I bend my knees, rest my hands on them, lower my head, and just breathe.

My heart is rampaging inside my chest and I'm gravitating from sheer panic to unhealthy enthusiasm. I haven't had such a long human interaction in months. And I pulled it off. I was in control. I found an ally. Or a potential traitor.

I will give Marisa Delterre access, but she is now also under my close watch. And one way or another, I will find her reason for revenge. I will figure out what Davey Postvam did to her.

And, if it comes to it, I will use it against her.

After all, you can't trust anyone but yourself.

ðŸ§¿

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.





Five


It's exquisitely annoying how once you become aware of something, you can't stop seeing it everywhere.

Before my dangerous encounter, Marisa Delterre was invisible. Now, she is everywhere. On the hallways, in the yard, doing sports, chatting to people.

Against my better judgement, I pause to observe her in her natural habitat. She doesn't seem to notice me, and it makes my blood boil.

What? Too good to be seen in school with me, Delterre?

What? Too good to be seen in school with me, Delterre? She is so weird, breaking the pattern of everything that is normal for Petraka. No constant clique of friends, no constant checking of her cellphone to see if TMI might have updated, no running around with books.

Marisa talks to everyone equally, including the golden circle. She laughs airily at the stupidest jokes, bounces next to anyone who would have her, and spends classes actually paying attention to the teachers.

How did I miss this? This oh-so-obvious anomaly bouncing on my hunting ground. She has no power, yet she is everywhere, enemies with no one, except maybe Davey Postvam who she keeps avoiding. Discreetly.

For once in what feels like years, my attention is obsessively drawn to someone other than Rosie Geld. Marisa outshines her in every way, and yet, she doesn't seem to notice, doesn't gore her down with her tusks.

They laugh together. My desire to expose Rosie has never been greater. But I must play this right. Marisa is right. I want Rosie Geld to feel that I'm coming for her. I want her to shit her skirt and be afraid to open her notifications. I want to see her crumble.

laugh Just like she made Audrey Hart crumble.

Crumble and fall. Die. Disappear.

"Move out of the way."

Someone nudges me and I hit my shoulder against the nearest locker. Hunter Gilligan marches past me with his posse of brain-dead football players. They all snicker at his Neanderthal antics, as if he's discovered fire or something. He gives me a once-over, probably trying to determine if I'm presentable enough to fuck or if he already fucked me.

I just glare at him, even if my hood is likely sparing him.

"Idiot," he mutters. "Emo garbage. Grow a pair and show off some skin." And just like that, he walks away.

If I grew a pair, he certainly wouldn't want to see skin. Entitled bastard. He messed with the wrong person. And he's about to see it.

I turn away from the crowd, lean my forehead against the locker and pull out my phone from the pouch of my hoodie.

That's right, asshole, strut away like the complete waste of oxygen you are. Strut while you still can.

That's right, asshole, strut away like the complete waste of oxygen you are. Strut while you still can. A chorus of ringing phones fills the hallway. With frightening precision, every student searches for their phone, takes it out and opens TMI, Hunter Gilligan included. I watch him from under my hood. His face loses all color as he stares at his screen.

There is no laughter this time. Drugs are taboo at Petraka after one of the students OD-ed last year in one of the bathrooms. Being caught with it is a sure motive for expulsion, no matter who you are.

And no one finds it funny.

"Not cool man," someone whispers.

"This is bullshit," Hunter says, but the shaking of his voice implies otherwise.

"Is it, Gilligan?" Rod Wiseman and Rosie Geld make their way through the crowd, king and queen sheep, even if they look more like hyenas.

"Empty your pockets," Rosie says between her teeth.



The fear in Hunter's eyes is almost comical as he stares from Rod to Rosie. Part of him wants to fight, I can tell, but the other part realizes who's standing before him and knows that crossing Petraka royalty could plunge him all the way to tier six. No one wants to be in tier six. Tier six are the targets, the losers, those constantly ridiculed.

"You heard her." Rod nods towards him. "Empty your pockets and your bag."

With shaking hands, Hunter does as he is told. His pockets are empty. So is his bag, except for books and scraps of food.

"See?" he says, his voice carrying the slightest hint of defiance through the fear. "Told ya that rumor was bullshit."

I clench my fists and shift my weight from one foot to the other. I have proof, but I don't want to use it. I want TMI to not answer to his petty demands. TMI is above him and above every rotten soul in this godforsaken school.

"TMI never lies," Rosie says, ever the biggest supporter.

Sometimes, I'm impressed by how intelligent Rosie can be. But just sometimes. Rod, even if a total asshole, is a lot smarter than her. A lot smarter than Hunter Gilligan.

"Give me that." Rod yanks the bag from Hunter and starts patting it. In a matter of seconds he tears at the lining and pulls out a tiny bag of white powder. "This flour then, Gilligan?"

Hunter goes red now and shuts his eyes, as if that would save him from what follows. As it always is in high school, a teacher smells the fresh blood and approaches the scene. I'm sure it's the silence that attracts them, not the noise, not the laughter.

Let the children ridicule each other, let them laugh and make each other's lives hell. But when they're quiet, that's when it's serious.

The principal himself walks over, his bushy eyebrows scrunched in worry. He sees, he judges, he confiscates the blow and calls Hunter to his office. The show is over and everyone is satisfied with the outcome.

"What an idiot," Martin Hirsch says into the silence.

I squint at him from under my hood. His tone is a little off, as if he's implying that if he were Hunter, he wouldn't bring his drugs to school.

"Thank God for TMI," Rosie said with an over-dramatic sigh. "I wish I knew who figured this out so I can kiss them. Drugs are so not cool."

I just want to run her over with my car. Her cutsey acting isn't fooling anyone. I'm certain she and Rod are hitting the drugs hard at their fancy parties. All of them, actually. I ache to ask Marisa about it and my eyes search for her in the crowd.

She's next to her locker, hands crossed over her chest, a very focused look on her face now that no one is paying her any mind. Then I see her transforming into the ditzy idiot, and I'm sure she's about to speak.

She lets out a short, amused laugh into the silence. "I love TMI. Always so much fun. And it's soooo amazing that it started climbing."

I freeze. Everyone with half a brain freezes because she just tossed a huge bombshell out there. Of course she's just giggling to herself like a brainless oaf, as if the impact of her words escapes her.

It doesn't escape the others. I see a lot of tier three people looking at each other, their faces marred by worry and fear. I see Rosie and Rod glancing at each other, Rod cocking an eyebrow as if he doesn't quite believe it.

The thing is, it's not that obvious. Until now, I've mixed tiers. Since the Jace Rosenberg incident, attacks have only come to tier three. I can see they're not sure. Not overly worried. But it's there. The seed of doubt has been planted and they will keep a look out to see if Marisa's innocent observation is true.

There's nothing innocent about Marisa, so once she sets out and the crowd starts shifting, I make to follow her. Someone wraps their hand around my arm and pulls me back. My skin crawls and my teeth grit together as I turn to my assailant, ready for a verbal smack down.

I freeze. There's a guy standing in front of me, holding my arm, and I have no idea who he is.

"Who the hell are you?" I ask.

"Right back at you, mystery girl," he says, obviously unimpressed with my hostility.

He has dark hair, almost black, and his eyes are a weird blue that almost seems grey, as if they can't just make up their mind. He scowls at me with his regular, symmetric features, looking like a boring-ass band boy upset with a non-fan.

"Let me go!"

"Not until you tell me why you're creeping around my locker."

I yank myself free. I'm not telling him shit. So I turn and walk away.

"I know what you did," he calls after me.

I don't stop, but slow my pace. My heart thunders in my chest. Could he have seen me confirming the rumor? If he has, I don't want him shouting it out in the hall. Damn it, he's not following me. I slow to a stop and turn around.

He's still there, next to his locker, his eyebrows raised. He's wearing a red hoodie and blue jeans, his hands stuck in their pockets. Why haven't I seen him before? Someone like that is hard to miss.

I march back to him. "Did you just move here?"

"Define just." he shrugs and I want to kick him in the shin. "I've been here since the start of the semester. Which is almost over, by the way. So I wouldn't call it just."

"What's your name?" I shoot out.

"Connor Michaels. What's yours?"

I don't answer because fuck him. "What did you see me do?"

He raises his eyebrows some more and I swear they're going to get eaten by his hair. I clench my fists and lean forward, bearing my teeth, then repeat the question.

"You're a ray of sunshine, aren't you?" he mumbles. "I saw you working on your phone just before that stupid app blew up."

I blink, pulling back from him. "Stupid app?"

"Yes, that TMI thing everyone is using."

TMI thing. This time I really kick him in the shin. He jumps back, sucking air through his teeth.

"Ouch, you don't have to hit people."

"Then you shouldn't insult something that's done a lot of good in this school."

"Good?" The asshole actually laughs. "It's low-key bullying, that's what it is."

I kick him again, so hard my foot actually hurts. He jumps further back, cursing under his breath.

"You'll keep your mouth shut, if you know what's good for you," I say between my teeth.

"Or what? You'll make up some bullshit rumor about me too?" He sounds amused. The idiot actually has the nerve to sound amused as he insults my work.

"TMI only speaks the truth, you amoeba!"

"Yeah, keep telling yourself that."

I march away before I throttle him. The pulse is rushing through my ears and my vision is foggy. Who does that asshole think he is? If he's so adamant about it, I will find a rumor about him and destroy him faster than that bruise I gave him can heal.

As I reach the corner, I run into Marisa. I expect her to try and stop me, but she just gives me an unreadable look before walking past me. What the hell is her problem?

I need to get out of here.

That's the thing about Petraka. Whether you're part of it or not, it eats you alive.

ðŸ§¿

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.





Six


They say the best way to hide something is to leave it out in the open for the world to see.

Or, in case of information, make the elements of a potential search so common, they will sprout a million pages of useless entries.

Damn Connor Michaels and his common, completely unoriginal name. Damn the fact that I can't even be sure his name isn't actually Michael Connors, because at this point, I'm willing to accept that possibility.

But no, my memory is precise, as it always is when I acquire targets. And, given his snide remarks, his defamation of my work, and the possibility that he might have figured out I'm behind TMI, Connor Michaels has become one of my primary targets.

If his name wasn't so impossibly lame, then maybe I could actually find something useful on him. Google has betrayed me, and Facebook is about to take that route as well... Until I finally see him. Thank God for proximity and the algorithms of the internet meant to bring people who want nothing to do with each other together.

I pull the laptop over my crossed legs and squint at his profile picture. He's tiny, his dark hair is longer, and he's wearing sunglasses, so I'm not one hundred percent sure it's him. The guy stands leaning against a bike, the backdrop a lush mountain scenery from maybe West Virginia. The profile is private, so I can't find out more, except that he's not a figment of my imagination.

I leave the laptop on the bed and pull higher into my pillows. Ever since I was a little girl, my bed has always been my safe haven. Like an island in the middle of the stormy sea, everything just worked better when I was in bed.

It started with my love of jumping on top of it, despite my mother's request that I act like a lady. Then, as school started, it was easiest for me to concentrate on writing and reading in the place I felt safest. Even now, after we moved away from the place I grew up, at least I still have my bed. I'd huffed and puffed that I want my old one, together with my pillows and sheets. My mother never understood why I'm so particular about my sheets, but she only knows how to get them dirty, anyway.

I pick at the tiny sheep on my comforter, but for once, I'm not presented with a valid solution for my issues. His last name doesn't appear in Congress, so I can't identify if he might be the heir of some influential politician. But, just like me, he could be the offspring of support staff. Those aren't listed anywhere, and there's a million of them, so even if I were speaking to my father, there's a good chance he doesn't know the mysterious Michaels either.

The thought pushes the air out of my lungs, and the edges of my vision turn a little blurry. I try to take a deep breath, but the air isn't enough anymore. I could let this go, I could throw Connor Michaels in the pit of discarded characters for his lack of importance. Except he might know. And I have no idea who he is or how to shut him up.

The lack of air becomes a burn in my lungs and a pain in my chest. My eyes grow wider, but the quality of the image only deteriorates. I can't breathe !

breathe I need help.

I can't need help. I don't want to need help.

My eyes are burning and I don't want to cry. I don't cry. It solves nothing.

And yet, moisture gathers in the corner of my eyes. I refuse to blink and let it pour down my cheeks. I finally take in a rattled breath, and some of the pressure on my chest seems to ease.

You have someone this time.

You have someone this time. I grit my teeth at the thought, but the existence of Marisa Delterre tames my panic attack. Yes, this time I have someone I can ask, someone who might give me more information on this new potential threat. After all, if he's a threat to me, he's a threat to her.



"Damn it," I mumble, getting out of bed.

There are no words for how much I hate doing this, but I head to my closet and take out my black hoodie. As I pull the hood over my head, I glance at the bed. There's a feeling in my stomach like I just dropped through the air. Has it lost its power? I've never had a panic attack in my bed. It was supposed to be safe.

I shake my head and open the door, determined to get this over with. If Marisa has no information, I'll just make her stalk him and get something on him to ensure his silence. I've been through worse.

The moment I open the door, piano music drifts from downstairs and I swear I vomit a little in my mouth. What the actual fuck ?

fuck With cautious steps, I make my way downstairs, looking over the banister as I go. My father, wearing his good tuxedo no less, sits in front of the grand piano, playing one of those pathetic melodies you hear everywhere. I think it's Balade pour Adeline or some shit. But it's not that which brings the nausea back to the forefront, but my mother leaning on the top of the instrument, wearing a light grey flapper dress, and drinking him in like he's one of her rum and cokes.

Balade pour Adeline They're waiting for guests and hope to be surprised in this position, make the talk of the town. Show how balanced they are, how in love . The falseness of it makes me sick to my stomach, and for a moment, I actually forget about Connor Michaels and Marisa Delterre.

balanced in love Harold stops abruptly once I reach the final step and Jocelyn's eyes drift to me.

"Hi, sweetie," he says. "Will you not be joining us for the party?"

"What party?"

I'm just asking to annoy them, since Jocelyn was kind enough to bug me about the damn thing for the past month. A lot of important politicians will be coming, and they wanted to display me like a big fish trophy for everyone to see. I couldn't care less about their desperate attempts to climb the social ladder.

"Adrienne," Jocelyn says, trying to sound reprimanding, but already slurring her words. "I told you about this evening ever since we planned it. I know you said no, but please reconsider. For your father. And for me."

Weakest possible argument, but I can tell she really wants this. I see no other reason she hasn't mentioned my hoodie yet.

"Sorry, busy." And just like that, I slip on my boots and charge out.

I hear them calling my name, but I ignore them, stopping only when I'm three houses down to tie my laces. Cars zoom past me, and I can tell the party is about to start. I guess I should consider myself lucky that I have a place to go for the evening. Maybe I should take Marisa Delterre as what she is - an opportunity.

The walk to her house is short and to the point, and it takes me mere minutes to climb up the tree in her yard and come face-to-face with her window. She's in there, headphones on, scrolling on her phone. I break off a twig and throw it at her window. She sits up right away and hurries over.

"What are you doing here?" she asks as she opens the window.

"Just let me in and I'll tell you."

She moves out of the way and I channel my inner squirrel to get inside. It's much harder than going out, with the branches swaying dangerously under my weight. She reaches out her hand, but I ignore her, managing to grab the ledge of her window. My feet find shingles and I scurry inside the room. Maybe I should start working out some, because my muscles are screaming in pain.

Marisa shrugs and leaves the window open, as if to ensure she can push me out if needed. I don't care, I just drop back in the chair in front of her desk and spin to face her.



"There's been a development."

"Do tell," she mutters, dropping on the bed. She picks up her phone for a moment, then tosses it aside. "Do you ever put in rumors of your own, or only follow up on what other people claim?"

My muscles tense and I shift in my seat as my mind tries to calculate the implications of an answer. "When I started, I obviously put the rumors in myself. Now I don't have to."

She nods as if she took secret meaning from my words, and I just want to open her head up. But there are other pressing matters, more important then her questions about TMI.

"Why did you blurt out that absurdity in school without consulting me first?"

She huffs. "I'm sorry, Batman, but since you gave me no way to contact you, I couldn't consult you. Also, I told you I don't have all day. We need to get this thing kicking if we want the golden circle to get what's coming to them before the end of the school year."

She had a point, and in hindsight, it was good that she said it, but it still annoys me to no end that she went all rouge on me. So with an annoyed sigh, I reach out my hand.

"What do you want?" Marisa asks, her tone suspicious.

"Your phone, valedictorian. So I can punch in my number."

I can see she wants to argue about some insignificant detail, but she caves and hands over her phone after unlocking it. Good to know she has a fingerprint lock because she's not an idiot. I save my number into her phone and call myself to get hers.

"You don't call me," I say. "Have something to say? Text. I'll call you back if I believe it's worth it."

She doesn't comment and I'm instantly suspicious, but maybe she's just getting used to the fact that it's either my way or no way at all.

"I don't think you're here to scold me on furthering our plan," Marisa says, pocketing her phone, "so what do you want?"

Her not to be a rude ass, maybe. It wouldn't kill her to offer me a cookie or a glass of water. But she's right. I'm not here to waste my time.

"What do you know about Connor Michaels?"

Marisa frowns and her luscious lips turn down. At this point, I can't tell if she's thinking because she has nothing, or is annoyed by my question.

"I saw you talking to him today," she finally says. "What was that about?"

"Little asshole is butting in."

Marisa sucks air through her teeth. "That's not good news. How so?"

"You tell me."

"I mean how exactly is he butting in."

"None of your business."

"Then I can't help you."

Fuck this trust thing. How can I know what she'll do with the information? But I came here for help, and there's always a price to pay. As much as I hate it, I can't go around this. There's no other reasonable solution.

"He might have seen me confirming the rumor on Hunter Gilligan and might suspect I'm behind TMI." My stomach seems to sink through the floor once she winces and pulls back. My nerves spike up so dangerously, I find myself blurting out, "Not to mention he doesn't respect my work."

"This is bad," Marisa says, chewing on her lower lip. "We need to get him on our side."

"What?"

Before I can even begin to process the utter garbage coming out of her mouth, she stands and begins to pace the length of her room, her hands clasped behind her back.



"Connor is smart. And if you got into a fight with him, like you probably did, he'll follow up on it just to spite you. He'll catch on, like I did, and that's a risk we can't take."

I want to snap at her, tell her to sit down, correct her faulty thinking. Except I have nothing. She's completely right. If he's as smart as Marisa claims, and I believe her, then we're in for trouble we don't need.

"He could be an asset," she continues. "He has access to Rod and the other boys that I lack. We have to think about it like that."

have I can tell she doesn't like the situation any more than I do, and it's the only reason I'm keeping quiet. The threat of Connor Michaels makes Marisa seem like a friend. We're in this together, and she's as interested as I am to keep TMI going and staying under the radar. And her suggestion is devious enough to work. You catch more flies with honey after all.

"We still need collateral," I say.

She frowns at me and fortunately stops pacing. "What do you mean?"

"We need to have something on him. Something to guarantee he won't rat out on us."

Marisa ponders on this, and I'm sure she's wondering what I might have on her. "I don't know much about him. He transferred recently and is brilliant in the classes we share. He mostly keeps to himself, but I've seen him talking to the guys in the golden circle. As far as I know, he doesn't play football, but I haven't been to any recent games. You're right, though. We'll need to gather as much intel about him as we can."

I nod, bouncing my knees. She does a double-take, as if she can't believe I agreed with her. It's pretty surprising to me too, but I no longer see her as a threat. Not when she's so adamant to keep things between us.

"I agree," I finally say, because she still keeps staring as if she doesn't believe it. "You try to charm him at school and I'll see what I can get on him outside of it." I don't even know where he lives, but school records should fix that.

Marisa gives a short nod and drops back on her bed, looking exhausted. "Okay. I'll text you when I find something. Now, if you don't mind, I have a whole bunch of unfinished homework."

I do mind since my house is a cesspool of aspiring politicians, but I don't want her to think I actually want her company. So I just shrug and head out the window. I stop with my butt on the windowsill and glance over my shoulder.

"What really happened between you and Davey Postvam?"

She starts, a notebook already in her hand. Her green eyes glaze over, and I wonder if she's just tired or actually wants to cry. The sad smile on her lips confuses me to no end, but her answer makes me hate her again.

"I can't go through that now. I have work to do. Plus, don't you know everything ?"

everything I turn away, gritting my teeth, humiliation burning inside my chest. What was I thinking, outright asking her? She's not my friend. She's just a ruthless girl who happens to share my goals. "Maybe I want your side of the story."

"That's sweet. We'll talk some other time."

I don't wait for her to say more and she can shove her sweetness up her ass. I hop into the tree and make my way down. Screw Marisa Delterre. And especially, screw Connor Michaels. I'll get something on both of them, and then I'll be back in control.

For now, I just have to fake normalcy for the few seconds it will take me to walk through the hallway of my own house and up to my room.

The lights coming from the french windows of my house is blinding, and the classical music from inside drills into my eardrums. The sound of laughter drifts outside like some sick symphony of shattered dreams and backstabbing. I can imagine my parents laughing, holding hands in the midst of their guests as my mother most likely searches for her next target.

This has nothing to do with you. This is not your world. It never was and it never will be. A world of lies and fake smiles. Like Hollywood celebrities, there's no consistency in the lives of politicians. And there is nothing more ruthless than a rising one, my father included.

This has nothing to do with you. This is not your world. I don't want to see this, but my eyes involuntarily take in the scene as I step into the hall. The cavernous dining room to my right is filled with socializing people in fancy frocks, and I instantly see my father talking with Senator Geld. What stuns me is that I see some of them have brought their kids.

There's no mistaking Rod Wiseman's bleached blond hair and his entitled gait. He's talking to Davey freaking Postvam inside my house, both of them looking stylishly bored. Inside my house .

Inside my house I want to throw up again. I look away from them and freeze. There's another figure I can recognize, even if I've seen him just once before, but I've been stalking him relentlessly for the past few hours.

Connor Michaels is in my house.

And as he turns with a casual laugh, he stares straight at me.

ðŸ§¿

Surprise update because it's my birthday!

Surprise update because it's my birthday! Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.





Seven


There are moments in life when you get this feeling that the universe is out to get you. That no matter what you do, anything that can go wrong will.

What the fuck is Connor Michaels doing in my house? And why, out of all the times in the world, he decided now is the perfect time to lift those stupid blue/grey eyes and stare at me?

I duck away out of reflex and make my way as fast as possible, half-bent, up the stairs and out of sight. Damn this! Damn this to hell and back. I reach my room, close the door and lean my back against it, panting, as if there's even a remote possibility he would follow me up here.

It's a stranger's house and he has no idea I live here. He won't start snooping. Or maybe he will because he's the devil out to get me and drag me to Hell for clawing my way out towards the living. I've denied him my soul and now he's out for revenge.

Don't be an idiot. I don't believe in Heaven and Hell. And there is no way Connor Michaels is anything but an annoying kid who is way too perceptive for his own good. And yet, my pulse is going crazy.

Don't be an idiot. Think, Adrienne, think!

Think, Adrienne, think! I back away from the door and start pacing, trying to get my thoughts in order, to calm my nerves at least a little. Okay, so he saw me, but he doesn't know what I'm doing here. As far as he knows, I could be out gathering dirt on all the A-listers in my house. So my identity is safe unless I somehow fuck it up. There is one way to confuse him and throw him off track, though the mere thought of it makes me sick.

He's never seen my face properly. Just a mass of unruly hair and hateful eyes hidden behind a hood. I haven't even spoken to him, more likely growled, which means I can fool him regarding my voice as well.

Marisa is right. He's dangerous and I need to avert this tragedy. And while I'm here, while I have to do this, I can dig up some dirt on him. If Marisa ca do it, fool everyone by having a fake personality, so can I. All I have to do is tap into everything I used to be and I can produce a socially acceptable person. I'm intelligent, I'm persevering, and I sure as hell can fool some dumb boy into doing what I want.

My mind made up, I pull my hoodie over my head and head for the closet. I still have a lot of old clothes in the back, things I haven't worn in years. Since I've never truly varied in size, I'm confident they'll still fit.

As I slip on a silver, floor-length, open-back dress, I focus on how to twist the situation in my favor rather than what I'm doing. I haven't prepped myself up in a while, but my hands still know how to use clasps, pull my hair up, put on makeup. I don't have the time or patience to take a shower right now, so my hair ends up in a messy bun I top off with a tiara.

I was right not to worry about clothes not fitting, because I'm apparently a lot thinner than I used to be. The spaghetti straps cut into my bony shoulders and I would probably make everyone at school jealous with how badly my collarbones are jutting out. And yet, I'm not skeletal or unpleasant on the eyes. My breasts are still full and firm and I have a bit of junk in the trunk. Not as much as I would've liked. I look nowhere near as gorgeous as Marisa Delterre, but I never gave much of a crap about how I look and I'm not about the start now.

The only reason I actually spare my appearance a moment is because I need to gauge how it will influence Connor's perception of me. I am within the size norms of beauty, so he'll dismiss any attempt to comment on that. My dress is fitting for the occasion, so no snark there. That just leaves my personality.



Ugh, I look so weird with the hair away from my face. I used as much makeup as I could without looking like a clown, hoping to hide my features as much as possible. I'm not as proficient as Marisa, but it will have to do.

As I slip on a pair of stilettos, nausea burns in the back of my throat. I hate this. I left this life behind, refused to fully commit to it in the first place because it's so fake . But so am I. And right now, I have to be.

fake Marisa's right. I have to make the most of it. As long as he's here, I might as well take advantage. Is it ideal? No, but neither was Marisa. I had to learn to roll with the punches and make something out of nothing. After all, the higher I go, the more dangerous and unexpected it's going to get. Unlike idiots such as Hunter Gilligan, the golden circle can't afford to make mistakes, to fall.

Marisa's right. I have to make the most of it. As long as he's here, I might as well take advantage. "It's a test. Just another test." I've always been good at tests. At least before I started my plan to end them all. I guess TMI has been a bit too easy, lulled me into an unwarranted sense of security. I'm much better than this, and I'm going to prove it. Connor Michaels won't know what hit him.

With a confident smile, I leave the safety of my room, ready to take on the world. Except, the moment the door closes behind me, I'm sick to my stomach again. I don't want to face those fake bastards. I don't want to go down there dressed like something I'm not, exchange pleasantries I don't mean. Fuck them.

Anxiety seems to cripple me, and air becomes scarcer with every step I take. Even if I walked on high heels a million time, I feel like a baby giraffe. I have to force myself to stay vertical rather than topple over in despair, to move my hips in a way that could be perceived as alluring. The jazz music coming from downstairs is not helping.

I loathe this. But nonetheless, I reach the bottom of the stairs and stop to catch my breath. I actively hate everyone in the room and not showing it hurts my face. But like the clown I am, I just smile.

loathe "Adrienne?" My mother moves towards me, impressively vertical for how drunk she is. "Honey, you look gorgeous."

I just smile and nod because I don't want to make a scene and show how much I hate her. But I don't want to talk to her either and give her the wrong idea that I'm doing this for her or my idiot father. He's still out there, talking to senator Postvam.

A quick glimpse of the crowd doesn't reveal Connor, but I'm sure he'll find me, so I head to the open bar at the back of the room and get myself a coke. It looks like it could be alcohol and the sugar will help settle my nerves. If only my heart would stop beating like a lunatic.

I hang around, pretending to analyze the cocktail menu, and I'm not disappointed. A warm hand grabs my elbow and gently turns me around.

I smile to meet my target, but almost choke on my own spit the following moment. It's not Conner who has casually approached me, but fucking Rod Wiseman.

"Hello..." he says, his voice low and sultry, watching me from under half-dropped eyelids. The effect is completely ruined by the fact that he's obviously struggling for my name.

"Adrienne," I spit out. "What do you want?"

you He takes a step back and his mask of confidence seems to crumble as his eyes widen. By God, with that awful almost-white slicked-back hair of his, he looks like Draco Malfoy. Why on earth would anyone be attracted to that pointy chin?



"I know your name," he replies, his voice losing the seductory edge. "I just--"

"Forgot it for a second? And you haven't answered my question."

"I just wanted to say hi. We haven't talked in a really long time."

I frown at him, my mind reeling with the effort not to dive back into the past. Yes, I've spoken to Rod before. Never after the Audrey incident. And it's not like we've exactly been chummy, not with him and Rosie being so close.

But there's no excuse for this. I curl my hand into a ball to abstain from slapping him. This is how stupid rumors about dick sucking start. I can't slap him. If Connor, or anyone else, sees me, my cover is blown.

"Hi," I said, the word coming out with half my teeth.

The lack of punching seems to encourage him because he smiles that supposedly sexy smile again. God, he has no idea who I am.

"Nice party," he offers. If we were outside, he would've probably commented on the weather because he's that dreamy and interesting.

that "It's alright," I say with a shrug, even if I've been at it for a total of five minutes out of which three have been completely ruined by him.

Rod looks around, lifting his own glass to his lips, and I'm convinced there's no coke in there, but the hard stuff. I can see it in the subtle cringe as the liquid makes its way down his throat.

"Look, I'm really sorry about--" he says out of the blue.

"No!" The word is almost a shout which turns what I say next into a whisper. "Don't even think about it. You have no right to even say her name." If Audrey's name leaves those lips, I'm going to claw his insides out.

He looks a little confused, but ultimately hangs his head. "Okay, of course. But know I am."

Fucking bullshit. He's not sorry. He's maybe morbidly curious about it like everyone at Petraka. He's not going to get anything out of me.

"You've said hi, I've said hi back. I think that's mission accomplished for both of us."

I'm so disappointed that he doesn't look offended, just maybe a little tired. I expected his big ego to blow me out of the room by now.

"Okay, I get it. But..." He looks at his drink, that interesting air surrounding him again, ready to enamour every unsuspecting girl. "Adrienne, it would be nice if we could talk again."

"Of course. Next time, the weather!"

He actually cracks a grin as if he can't tell I'm dissing him and very subtly calling him a moron. Maybe it's exactly because he's a moron that he doesn't get it.

"Rodney!"

Oh, the joy, more garbage. Davey Postvam makes his way towards us, his dark brows pulled together in annoyance. He stops by his best friend's side and throws me a nasty glare as if I've kicked his cat or something.

With messy caramel hair and green eyes, he is a lot better looking than Rod, his jaw square and not pointed like a needle. He's also a little taller and broader because he plays basketball instead of lacrosse or whatever wussy sport rising politicians play for fun these days. And yet, Rod has always been more popular with the girls for some reason. Probably because he doesn't have the last name of a Polish immigrant.

"Hi, Adrienne," he says, not seeming half-interested in me. He turns to Rod almost instantly. "What are you doing?"

"What? We're just talking." Rod actually sounds defensive, as if Davey is actively pushing him around.

Davey sighs. "We've talked about this."

That's right you rude asshole, act like I'm not standing right here. But, then again, they're having a heart-to-heart right in front of me. I should grab popcorn and enjoy. Though it's hard when all I want is to ask him about Marisa.

That's right you rude asshole, act like I'm not standing right here. "I know, I know..." Rod takes in a deep breath and turns his attention back to me. At least he's dropped the seductive crap. "You look good."

Or he hasn't. He decided to produce it in the form of verbal vomit. "Thank you," I answer because that's what's civil and not because I don't want to roll my eyes and push him into the punch bowl.

He smiles and I can tell that's it, he's ready to leave. I don't give a fuck, but that means Davey would be leaving, too, and I can't pass this up.

"Hey, Davey," I say, my voice innocent and curious. "Do you have any idea if Marisa is coming? I wanted to ask her something."

Even if both boys had turned to leave, Davey whirls back to me, his eyebrows raised.

"First off, it's David. I'm not five. Second, Marisa? You mean Marisa Delterre?"

Oh my God, I can't believe how flustered he is, even if he does a pretty good job at hiding it. It's like the name hurts him in some way and he wasn't expecting to hear it out of my mouth. What the hell happened between them?

I just nod, trying to hide how giddily excited I am about this.

"I don't think she comes to these things. And even if she did, why would I know anything about it?"

He's defensive. It might be true that he has no idea what Marisa is up to, but oh, how he'd want to.

"I don't know. Don't you have classes together or something? I thought you might talk."

He zeroes in those green eyes of his, taking me in with a level of suspicion that would be disconcerting had I not known its reason. But he's afraid for his own ass, for what I might discover if I dig deeper. And I intend to, but not warn him about it.

So I just smile sweetly, taking a leaf out of Maria's book and acting way dumber than I am. The two boys head off, and I can breathe and become myself for a second.

Connor or no Connor, at least this party hasn't been a waste of time. I take out my phone and note down the information I've just learned for later analysis. I do a quick check of TMI to see if anything interesting came up and read a message from Marisa asking me if I have news.

I hesitate, but decide to tell someone in case something goes horribly wrong. Connor is in my house. The plan has been put in motion.

Connor is in my house. The plan has been put in motion. There, that should do it. I lock my phone and slip it back in my tiny clutch.

"Well, that was interesting."

I whip to the right to see Connor watching me through narrowed eyes. Because as Karma would have it, he's right there when I decide to lower my defences.

ðŸ§¿

Surprise bitches! I'm back as promised . But seriously , no offense to anyone.

Surprise bitches! I'm back as promised . But seriously , no offense to anyone. Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.





Eight


There is no saying that speaks the truth as much as fake it till you make it. If you fake it long enough, you can fool anyone, even yourself.

Connor Michaels is as inconvenient as ever, sneaking up on me when I least expect it. Or at least trying to. Yes, he caught me wrongfooted, but I was expecting him and I've slipped out of my part just a few moments ago. I can bounce back.

was So I just smile, hoping that my growling look of earlier shock is interpreted as surprise to see him because I don't know him, not because I want to throttle him.

"Hello there," I say, my voice higher and more girly than usual. I just want to puke, but victory takes sacrifice. "Do I know you?"

He's squinting at me, his dumb eyes finally settling on a faded blue. I keep my smile up, though I wish I could read his thoughts. Does he recognize me?

"You look slightly familiar," he finally says.

I analyze the tone of his voice, the way he looks at me as if he can see through my clothes. I fight the urge to hug myself and cover all the essential parts. He doesn't sound suspicious though, more likely confused.

"So do you!" I squint back at him. "I know! Do you go to Newton?"

He really seems startled by my question. "No, I go to Petraka." He throws a demonstrative look around the room. "Just like everyone here."

I just giggle like a moron. "Lucky! I didn't manage to grab a spot. I'm still hanging out with the regular kids, not politics royalty."

He quirks a brow and crosses his arms over his chest. He has thick arms and a pretty broad chest for a teenager. I mean so do the guys in the golden circle, but they're half preparing to be male models since they don't have enough brains to do anything else, so that makes sense.

I try not to squint harder and keep my gaze friendly as I take him in. He's wearing black everything - jeans, a button down and sports shoes . Seriously underdressed compared to the rest of the partygoers, but this all-black ensemble somehow looks good on him. He doesn't stand out as inappropriate and it grates my nerves for some reason.

"Not everyone at Petraka is politics royalty," he says.

Does that mean he's not? I hate him for how vague he is. That's my job.

my "I know. That's why I hoped I'd get in, but oh well." I shrug and sigh dramatically.

"I'm Connor. What's your name?"

I smile some more, but it probably looks like a grimace since I'm biting the insides of my cheeks. How thoughtful of him to ask when I can't dodge the answer. And then there's the issue of my name. Should I give him the real one or a fake one? Fake seems too dangerous seeing as he's in my actual house. For a moment, I consider giving him a harmless nickname, but the thought of it makes me sick.

I finally say, "Adrienne," sounding like I'm having teeth pulled.

"Huh." He stares at the ceiling, rubbing his chin as if my name tells him something. "That's a pretty name."

Die, asshole .

Die, asshole I giggle instead. "Your name is really hot, too."

He looks a little startled by my moronic affirmation, and for the first time, I'm actually having a bit of fun. Dumbing myself down and seeing his reaction is priceless.

"This your house?" he continues with the barrage of questions.

Die some more, you curious freak.

Die some more, you curious freak. "Yes." I smile sweetly, batting my mascara coated lashes.

"Nice place." He's not looking around and his place is probably a thousand times bigger, so he's full of shit. "Have you been here long? I haven't seen you around."



The bastard suspects something. He's not as dumb as he wants to seem. Neither am I, which is why I make myself out even dumber.

I laugh lightly. "Don't pretend you didn't see me come down." I wag my finger at him. "I know I look good. The entire room was watching."

My acting is so good, he looks bored out of his mind all of a sudden. "True. But I also noticed you joined the party very late."

Of course you did, you smarmy fuck. "It's such a funny story." I giggle stupidly some more for good measure. "This house is beautiful, but also old as-- I mean seriously old, so our plumbing is terrible. After my mother got ready, I was left with no hot water in the middle of my shower." I wink at him suggestively, as if I actually want him to picture me in the shower. "So I had to wait around, in my towel, my hair dripping and unwashed, until the water warmed up again. It was ghastly and I got so bored."

Of course you did, you smarmy fuck. so Just about as bored as Connor looks right now. But he shakes it off and glances towards the ceiling again. "Have you seen any stranger in your house?"

"Except for you?" I laugh again. "Connor, darling," I say, channeling my mother, "my house is half-filled with strangers right now."

We share a lighthearted laugh neither of us means. Yes, he's obviously intelligent and my dumb persona is grinding on his nerves. He wouldn't even be talking to me if he wasn't suspicious.

"You seemed to know Rodney and David."

"Who?" The question is genuine for the second it takes me to realize who he's talking about. "You mean Rod and Davey?"

He snickers. "Yeah. They're not getting rid of those stupid names any time soon."

"I have to agree with you on that."

His smile is honest this time and it makes a strange frisson run down my spine. "They're honestly trying, but the entire school won't drop it. It's like no one recognizes them by their full names. Like you."

"If you call yourself something for a long time then try to change it, it won't work. Especially if you're famous." Unless you're me.

He nods in agreement, seeming a lot more interested in me all of a sudden, but not in the suspicious way.

"Rod really needs to get rid of that slick-back Draco Malfoy look."

"God yes." I roll my eyes, glad someone actually said it. "Even the actor realized it was stupid and got rid of it by the third movie. You know, when he realized he's no longer twelve."

He laughs and I join in. I can't remember the last time I laughed without it being bitter or forced. But sharing snide remarks over the golden boys is way too fun.

"I suspect Rosie might have a say in this," Connor continues.

I'm sure she does, the entitled bitch. "She probably likes to snort the hair gel off his head."

He grins at me and I cover my mouth, trying to look at least a little abashed about what I just said. No regrets though. Screw Rosie Geld to hell and back.

"That doesn't seem unlikely," Connor says.

I shrug, deciding to test the waters some more with him. "I'm sorry. You probably like Rosie and think she's gorgeous, like everyone else."

The disgusted look on his face says otherwise and I feel a savage pleasure. "I've never actually seen her to be able to tell."

"Um, how's that even possible if you go to Petraka? She's everywhere."

He narrows his eyes the tiniest bit and I realize my mistake. I wasn't supposed to know that if I don't go to Petraka. But he ignores this.

"Oh, yes. That clown she makes herself out to be is everywhere. I have the feeling that if you'd see her without makeup, you wouldn't recognize her."



He makes such a good point. So I smile. Enough small talk. Time to get down to business.

"How come I haven't seen you around?" I ask, twirling a falling tendril of hair around my finger.

He shrugs. "This isn't really my scene."

Then why are you here? But it would seem rude to just shove his hypocrisy in his face.

Then why are you here? "What is your scene then?"

"The outdoors. Anything concerning nature. I like to bike a lot."

Fascinating. Useless as fuck, too. But I do my best not to fall asleep and actually look like I care. "That's great exercise! Is that why you're so fit?" This would be the perfect time to test his biceps or something, but as much as I fake it, I can't be that much of a tart.

"How do you know I'm fit?"

I wave my hand to indicate his body. "You look like one of those firemen in calendars." I have no idea what he looks like without clothes on, but I'm 100 percent sure it's not like a calendar fireman.

Apparently he does too, because he raises both eyebrows at me. "You have x-ray vision or what?"

"Maaaybe." I giggle, but all I can think about is how he's not that smart if he doesn't know x-rays would only grant me access to his skeleton.

"I practice mixed martial arts," he finally says, as if it flowed naturally from our previous conversation.

"O-kay..." Maybe not the best reaction, but fuck it, I'm sick of giggling and this makes me realize I might want to steer clear of hitting him in the future.

"Hey, you asked," he says with a shrug.

"That sounds awesome." I unfortunately don't sound convinced and weariness seeps into my bones. I'm not sure how much longer I can keep up this farse. "So, tell me more about yourself."

"Like what?"

"Where you're from, how you got here, why I haven't seen you around..." Who your father is.

He looks suspicious again. What the hell is wrong with him? Is this not a normal-people conversation topic?

"I'm from Baltimore," I blurt out to egg him on. "Came here when my father started working for Congress."

"Aren't we all?" He rolls his eyes. "I'm from West Virginia."

I'm proud of myself for guessing the mountain backdrop of his profile picture. "You don't sound like it."

"My parents are immigrants, so we never picked up the accent."

Huh? With a name like Michaels where had they immigrated from? England? He doesn't sound British either.

"Anyway," he says, obviously not wanting to talk about it. "My family history is not interesting. I'm here now. And having a lot of fun at Petraka."

"How? That place is a hellhole! I mean, that's what I've heard."

I slipped and the look on his face confirms it. "Didn't you just say you're sorry you didn't get in?"

How I wish I hadn't. That I hadn't met the golden circle, that my parents hadn't pulled me away from my grandparents... But all looking back is good for is cutting your wings, so I learned to stubbornly stare forward.

"I'm sorry," I finally said. "I must be tired. I think I need to retire."

"Oh, hello there, Adrienne ."

Adrienne I visibly cringe before I can help myself. Donna Jensen has joined the party, her red hair in tiny curls over her freckled shoulders. She stops an inch from Connor's shoulder, as if being so close to him is natural. Her cinnamon eyes are filled with malice and nausea climbs up my throat as well.

"Hey there, Donna," I say, trying to keep my voice as neutral as possible even if my skin is crawling.

Fortunately, Cooner is distracted by the tart who already wrapped herself around his arm. I should be amused that he looks so uncomfortable, but I'm honestly just annoyed at the moment.

"I'm surprised to see you here," she says, her venomous eyes trained on me even as she constricts the life out of Connor.

"Why? It's my house," I answer, bored.

Panic rises inside me as I realize how much this bitch knows about me. How much they all know. It's why I chose to drape myself in black and go unseen. Going back into the spotlight is dangerous, makes my stomach churn. She could blow my cover right now. Or right after I leave.

"So you're admitting it?"

This bitch is going down. "Why would I deny that it's my house? Did you smoke something again?"

She narrows her eyes at me, her upper lip twisting in a discreet snarl. "I'd watch my mouth if I were you."

I know what she's getting at and my blood pressure bursts through the roof. My hands ball into fists, wishing they could curl around her neck and squeeze until that disgusting light leaves her eyes.

I can't do this. I can't snap and blow my cover here. I've worked too hard for this, to get where I am today.

"Isn't that your mom calling?" I say instead, doing my very best to sound bored.

She glares at me before glancing over her shoulder. I'm not sure what she sees, but she unwraps herself from around Connor and takes a few steps away from us.

In that moment, despite the nausea I feel while doing it, I grab Connor's had and pull him towards me, close enough to whisper in his ear.

"Don't believe a word she says. She doesn't smoke it, she injects it. And if there's one person who likes to speak ridiculous rumors, it's this bitch."

I don't even care that I've broken character. It's too important to plant the seed of doubt in his head so that he dismisses anything Donna could confide in him.

I pull away just as the bitch makes her way back, a fake smile on her face.

"Come on, Connor, let's go hang with more interesting people."

He's still staring at me as if unable to decide what to make of my warning, but he fortunately decides to play along. "It was nice talking to you, Adrienne," he says.

"You too, Connor."

And before he can say more, I turn my back on him and head towards the stairs. I no longer have the energy to sway my hips or make a show of my departure. Donna probably swept him away already anyway. My interaction with him, the strain of keeping my real thoughts in check, have drained me. And then the redheaded devil's appearance and her insinuations...

I fleetingly notice Rod Wiseman and Davey Postvam watching me as I climb the steps, then throwing Connor and Donna a suspicious look.

Yes, they hang out. Rod and Davey could tell him so much about me. Donna is probably already filling his head with nonesense. This whole charade could've been in vain. But at this very second, I don't care. I need my bed, I need rest, and I need to think.

Because none of the information I've gathered seems useful at the moment. Connor is as good as dancing around issues as I am.

I take my phone out the moment I reach the landing and check for messages. Marisa hasn't answered and even TMI is quiet.

A wave of helplessness engulfs me, followed by an immediate wave of rage. Marisa is right. This is taking too long. I need to climb out of tier three and get to destroying the golden circle.

So, the moment I close the door behind me, I yank off my dress, undo my hair and wipe that stupid makeup off my face.

Then, finally feeling like myself again, I confirm every real rumor regarding tier three.

ðŸ§¿

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.





Nine


People are, after all, animals. When they sense the weakness of one of their own, they instantly attack. But also, like faithful pack animals, once they feel like the entire pack is threatened, they stick together and bare their teeth.

When I walk into Petraka the following morning, the hushing voices in the corridors send shivers down my spine. More people than ever are looking my way, even if just for a second, before returning to their discreet conversations.

There is no laughter, no fooling around, no bullying. It's like someone died, and for a moment, I wonder if they did.

I catch sight of Rosie Geld, surrounded by her posse. Rod is running his hands through that awful hair of his, and the ruffled look suits him much better. Donna Jennsen looks hung over from last night's party. Davey Postvam is leaning against the wall, his arms crossed over his chest, frowning at what Rosie is saying. Miranda and Lexi are huddled together while the rest of the idiots, namely Lucas, Antoine and Martin have formed a wall to hide Ava Park from view.

They seem worried. Scared. And I'm instantly filled with glee. I just wish I could hang around them and catch what they're saying, but there's no one else around them so they'd surely notice me. So I just walk by, hands in pockets, hood pulled over my face and head hung low.

"We don't need to worry," Ava is saying the moment I'm within hearing range. "TMI has always been like an ally to us."

"This is suspicious, Ava," Rosie says. "It's never behaved this way. What happened?"

I'm unable to catch more, because I sure as hell don't want them looking my way. They're confused. And still suport the app. I know Ava Park. She'll convince everyone to continue trusting TMI. She's the smartest of the lot after all.

As I continue my morning patrol, I catch other snippets of conversation.

"I can't believe she was stalking the Spanish teacher..."

"Drugs again ? What's this school coming to?"

again "They pushed her. And she's stil friends with them..."

pushed "Luigi is such a creep!"

"Everyone is so exposed ."

exposed Yes, they were. Tier three is nowhere to be seen, which is probably why the corridors are so empty. The bell rings, and the crowd shifts, everyone going to their classes. I pretend to fiddle with my locker, waiting for the coast to be clear.

The consequences of what I've done make me feel a sense of accomplishment, but also scare me a little. It was a display of power that turned the school upside down.

Someone grabs my arm. I jump and turn so fast, my back hits the knob on the locker and it digs painfully into my muscles. I want to swear, to swipe a hit, but I freeze under the chocolate-brown eyes staring at me. Golden skin and black and purple hair make up the rest of the image of my once best friend, Erica Lieman.

"You," she says through her teeth.

Fear brings a bitter taste on my tongue. My pulse is so fast, my head is throbbing and it's hard to process. She hasn't approached me in months.

"Yes, me," I finally say, beating back the longing trying to sneak its way through the panic. "Don't look so disappointed that I'm not dead."

"Stop being an overdramatic twat!" Erica's words are curt and cutting, much like her entire personality. "What did you do?"

"Me? What the hell are you talking about?"

She throws a glance around to make sure we're alone. We are. With TMI lurking and the sudden onslaught of terrible secrets coming out, no one dares put a toe out of line. At least for now.



Erica turns her attention back to me. "Why can't you mind your own business? What others do doesn't concern you."

My stomach seems to drop through the floor, but I just raise an eyebrow. "Still have no idea what you're talking about."

"This stupid TMI," she says between her teeth.

I fight the anger rising inside me. Unlike Connor who has no idea who I am, Erica knows me. Any defensive word spoken for my beloved project will only confirm her suspicions.

knows "You're taking too long to answer and it's only because you're thinking of a lie," she continues, firing words like bullets straight through my chest. "You can deny it all you want, I know it's you. I knew it the minute that hellish app dismissed the rumor about my sexuality."

"It wasn't true! You and Kevin have been together for ages."

She bares her teeth, looking a bit mad. "I know that. But everyone at Petraka doesn't. It was my way of making sure they left me alone."

know "Left you alone? You'd be the subject of ridicule, of discrimination--"

"I don't care about that stuff. I have a few friends here who knew the truth and I don't care about the other idiots. Rosie also knew, so it was good for me. But you ruined it!"

you Her words only half register as I try to make sense of the madness spewing out of her mouth. "You made yourself a target on purpose?"

She opens her mouth and I know it's to say my name. I snarl out of reflex and she just sighs and pinches the bridge of her nose as if she's talking to an idiot. I'm half tempted to remind her that she's always been the one cheating off me. She was the trendy one. I was the smart one.

"Adrienne, you have no idea what Petraka is like."

Everything around me seems to darken as shades of grey replace the colors of the world. "I don't? Really Erica? Out of all the people here, I'm the one who doesn't know?"

I'm Instead of looking apologetic like she should, Erica just puts on the exasperated face I wanted to punch even when we were friends. "Things changed, okay? Not just for you. For everyone. Because that sort of thing leaves scars in people."

"Yes, seeing someone die does that to you."

She winces, but I don't care. She brought this on herself. I expected much better from her, more support, more understanding. Instead it was all nagging and judgement, just because her, with her happy family, amazing boyfriend and key to popularity could never understand.

"We weren't all born with a silver spoon up our asses," I say between my teeth.

She huffs. She has the audacity to fucking huff. "That's the thing, Adrienne. You were born with a silver spoon up your ass. You're just so far up there with your head that you left it behind and now can't see it."

"Keep your so called wisdom to yourself. You have no idea what you're talking about."

"Neither do you!" Her thick brows bunch up again and she takes a threatening step towards me. I don't care, I know I can push her around. She's even less sporty than I am. "So just mind your own business and leave people alone."

"I'm not doing anything."

"Please. You're TMI."

"Prove it!"

She narrows her eyes at me. "I don't want to because I have nothing to gain from outing you. Not at the moment. Take this as a friendly bit of advice. If you snoop where you don't belong, you will get caught, just like the cat in the saying."



"Are you threatening me?"

"No. Not yet. And I won't tell, because you were my friend and I still care about you. But if you don't stop, don't knock it off and continue to hurt people... Then we have a different problem." And just like that, she turns away.

I dig my nails into the palms of my hand so hard, I can feel blood oozing out, but I don't care. It's so hard no to go after her, catch her, yell at her, break her. Because she's the main reason I have to do this alone. I'm a shadow and a sneak because of her . And now she comes to me on her high horse, talking down to me about hurting others when she hurt me.

her "Have it your way, you dumb bitch," I mutter, taking my phone out of my pouch. If she wants a rumor about herself, I'll give her one.

"Adrienne!"

Great, more interruptions from potential backstabbers. Marisa Delterre is charging at me, her usual skip and airy smile gone. I don't think I've ever seen her angry, but now she looks ready to blow flames out her perfect nostrils.

"What?" I spit out. I'm in no mood to let her, or anyone else berate me for my actions. This is my plan, my app and I can do whatever the fuck I want with it.

"Why the hell did you go and confirm every rumor on level three?" she asks the moment she's near enough that she doesn't have to shout at me anymore.

the hell "It's tier three. And because I felt like it. What are you doing out of class, valedictorian? Won't skipping ruin your perfect score?"

"Don't avoid it." She's now close enough to grab me, but wisely chooses not to touch me. "What were you thinking? Was there even a strategy?"

"Oh, so now we're playing teammates?"

"We're not playing anything! We are teammates. You're the one who doesn't understand, who goes lone ranger just because someone looked your way funny and you decided to punish them. What even happened at that party?"

are I decide to ignore her stupid affirmations and only focus on the last question just because I feel the need to tell someone about it. Though it shouldn't be her since she ignored me last night when I actually needed her. But, as luck would have it, I have no one else.

"I spoke to Connor, but found nothing interesting about him. He's from West Virgina, likes biking and practices mixed martial arts, whatever the hell that is. He claims not to be political royalty, but hasn't explained why exactly he's at this school. As I said, boring and useless."

Marisa's green eyes widen and she looks stunned, like I've produced some life-changing information. "How did you find that out?"

"I talked to him," I said with a shrug.

"You talked to him? You?"

talked Her shock is offensive. "Yes, I do know how to talk. I'm talking to you right now, aren't I?"

"Dressed like this?"

Though I want to give her a sarcastic answer, I know that she means last night and what I was wearing when I spoke to Connor. "No. I got dressed up for the party in my house and took a leaf out of your book. Dumbed myself down. Works remarkably well on people."

Her smile is too self-satisfied and I hate that I admitted she has good ideas, but it's not like I can take it back without sounding pathetic.

"The information is useful. He's apparently prone to sharing certain aspects and avoids others, which means he has something to hide. We can get something on him and keep him in check. Have you decided when you'll ask him to join us?"



"What?" I know we've discussed it, but only as a last resort.

"Or do you want me to tell him?"

"No! I want you to get something on him before we even analyze if it's enough to hold him loyal." Which is the smart thing to do.

She hesitates, and I see her deciding to give me this one, as if I'm at her mercy. Dumb, pretty, privileged girl.

"Okay," she says, as if I can't read her face. "We're not done though. What happened at that party that made you push the doomsday button on TMI?"

I glance around nervously, but the hallway is still empty and we're nowhere near any place someone could hide and eavesdrop. I should know. Then I focus on what to tell her. There's my conversation with Rod and Davey, but that seems so unimportant, plus I don't want her to know I'm snooping on her, too. So I just focus on what had me worried in the first place.

"Donna Jensen was there, latching on to Connor. I just realized she could feed him a lot of shit on me and bust my cover."

"You'll need to bust your cover anyway," Marisa points out like the stick in the mud she is. "If we want to introduce him into our ploy, he'll need to know you're the girl in the hoodie."

"Not the point! I don't want to be forced to do it. I want to choose." Maybe she's right. Maybe she should recruit him. Parade her boobs in front of him and force out his deepest, darkest secrets. "Anyway, I pushed the button because I want to crush them faster. If Donna wants to get me, I'll get her first."

"Before she gets truly involved with Connor." Marisa nods. "Good idea."

Yeah, good idea. I haven't even considered she'd want more from Connor than his martial-arts-practicing arms around her for one night. If they get into a relationship and she introduces him into the golden circle, then we're screwed, because we'd have someone there who could thwart us. As it is, my only slight worry is Ava Park, but she's most friendly towards TMI at the moment.

"But, and don't take this as criticism, I think you should've waited and released the rumors over the span of a few days."

"And why is that?" I ask, resting my fists on my hips.

"Because now you've reached tier two and you don't have anything on anyone."

Her words slap the sense back into me. Of course that's true, but last night, when I was hurting, this didn't matter.

"More rumors will come in."

Marisa shakes her head. "I don't think they will. You see, tier three is crumbling. Tier four was already destroyed. So unless someone in the golden circle wants more blood right now, I don't think people are as willing to contribuite. They're too scared they could be next."

Damn, she has a point. But it doesn't mean I can't play this to our advantage. "That's a good thing. TMI can become a sleeping dragon. And while we wait, and maybe confirm minor rumors, we can start digging up on tier two and tier one."

Her lips twist and I know she's aware she's the only person in tier two I might have a rumor about, but she ignores this. "Okay, because I have something for you."

Already? I try not to look impressed as I nod for her to go on.

"It's Miranda," she begins and I'm already disappointed that it's not Donna. "You know how she's supposed to be going out with Antoine?"

"What do you mean supposed to?" Miranda and Antoine are a couple, a match made in colorful heaven since they were the only two black people in the golden circle.

"I mean supposed to because Miranda is in love with Martin."

An even better match, the M&Ms. But it's not that which shocks me, but... "How do you even know that?" And Martin? Martin is Ava's boyfriend.

"She actually told me." Marisa looks at me with a stern expression that reminds me of my grandmother. "In confidence, so you need to treat this information very carefully. She needed someone to confide in because it's driving her crazy with guilt and she obviously can't tell any of her friends."

And we have our weakest link. I actually want to applaud Marisa, but then she'd get a big head, so I just offer her a rare smile. "This is a great place to start. Great strategy. Be her friend and have her dishing out about the others."

"It won't be that easy." Marisa looks reluctant for some reason and I'm starting to get annoyed again. It is that easy. "They're very loyal to each other. But for now, I have an in to hang out with all of them and get more. We have a shopping trip prepared for this afternoon."

is I hate shopping, so the mild sense of jealousy at being left out makes no sense. "Just be careful."

Marisa smiles and she looks way too charming. "Why Adrienne, are we becoming friends?"

"Don't overstep it," I growl.

She just laughs in good humor and actually freaking winks at me. "Try to get more rumors or info on Connor. I'll call you tonight after the shopping is over."

I just nod, for once not protesting about her giving me orders or offering to call without texting first. I feel like she's earned it, and after the whole fight with Erica, I like to have someone to talk to. It makes the constant pain in my chest lessen, at least for a while.

So I spend my day doing the usual. Watching, eavesdropping and wondering around to see who goes where. I even pay the school records a visit and find that Connor lives in the same neighborhood as Marisa, but a little further away. I don't get info on his parents since his record in incomplete for some reason, but oh well. It's not uncommon for the lazy secretary to not do her job. Half the files are halfassed.

Once the final bell rings, I watch Marisa get into Ava's shiny sky-blue convertible with Miranda while Donna and Lexi ride with Rosie. They'll be a while, so I head home, already planning the rest of my day. I need to get something to eat, then I'll maybe pay Connor a visit to see if I can get something on him.

What I don't expect is for him to try and do the same.

The moment I turn the corner of my street, I see a tall silhouette in front of my door.

Connor Michaels is at my house.

ðŸ§¿

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.





Ten


They say you make your own luck. They're stupid. You either have luck or you don't. But it is true that you can chosoe to change your outlook on the situation.

Connor Michaels is at my house. I'm torn between screaming and freaking out that he's a damn stalker and a morbid fascination with what he might want. Who is he here to see anyway? The girl in the hoodie because he suspects me, or the girl at the party?

I don't have much time to think about this and turn over all possibilities inside my head. If there's one thing Connor keeps doing, it's brutally shoving me out of my comfort zone.

Joke's on him. I've long ago lost all form of comfort. So I decide to take the lead away from him and do what I want. And I want to find out what he's doing here.

I veer off the street and into the backyard of the nearest house. Jumping fences is easy, even with my lack of athletic prowess. These fences are meant to delimitate, not protect this already gated community, so it takes me three minutes and four fences to reach my own backyard.

Connor is no longer in front of the door. Someone would have long answered it and invited him inside. As I slip through the backdoor that leads into the kitchen, I can hear my mom telling him that she's not sure if I'm in from school.

Fortunately, I can tell they're in the lobby which doesn't have a good view of the staircase so, like the ghost I trained myself to be, I slip past and make it to my room. Once inside, I lean against the door to catch my breath, my mind already reeling with possibilities. I am safe, I could ignore him. But I don't want to. I want to know what he wants, why he's here, what is so important that he faces my mother.

he There's only one way to do this. I hurry to the closet again, throwing my hoodie off as I go. I need to become Party Princess again. Well, not as elaborate, so I throw in the first non-black clothes I find, namely a pair of blue jeans with cut knees and a red and black checkered shirt.

I don't even remember when I've last worn this stuff, but if it's in my closet, it's clean, and I have more pressing matters to take care of than Partty Princess's fashion sense. Her face. I quickly pull my hair up into a high ponytail and scan the makeup table. Most of the stuff I used last night is still there, so I dab on some powder and blush to change the shape of my face and make my lips bigger with lipstick, then I'm off. I can't look too prepped up either.

As I go down the stairs, Connor's in the doorway, probably ready to leave since my mom, sunny dress and curled up hair, is apparently begging him to stay.

"What's going on?" I ask, my voice once again higher and girly.

Two sets of eyes, one blue and one grey turn to me in amazement. I'm pretty sure that if Mother Dear had a glass in her hand, it would be already shattered on the floor, keeping her jaw company. Connor looks a little surprised too, but he bounces back quickly and his features arrange into a satisfied smirk.

I have to fight myself not to falter as his eyes bore into me. What does he see? What does he know? Am I making a right fool of myself, thinking I have him, when actually he's the one playing with me? My knees wobble, but I force them into submission and reach the bottom of the stairs without incident.

My mother, of course, has to ruin everything by widening her eyes in surprise and muttering, "Adrienne..." like she hasn't seen me before.

"Yes?" I glare at her as discreetly as possible, warning her to back off into her drink and leave us alone.

She doesn't get the message. "You look..." She glances from me to Connor and a stupid all-knowing grin settles on her face. God, how did I come out of this creature? "Okay, I understand. I'll leave you two to it." And with a nod towards Connor, she takes her leave.



"Um..." Connor seems a little confused by our interaction and I'm going crazy wondering what he picked up from it.

"Do you mind if we go for a walk?" I ask quickly. I don't want to give him the chance to run into any more of the household who might alert him that my outfit and behavior are not genuine.

"No, it's your place anyway."

Polite and a bit of a hypocritical idiot, but sure, whatever to get him out of there. So I give him a smile and head for the door.

The early spring wind bites into me and I wish I'd decided to wear something warmer, but I dismiss the thought and sink my freezing hands into my pockets. I head in the opposite direction from his house and up the hill towards the bigger mansions. Connor falls into step with me and looks around.

"Your neighborhood is nice and peaceful."

His is nicer and quieter, but I decide not to point that out. "Thanks." I hesitate for a moment not to seem too eager, but I'm guessing the next question is something anyone with half a brain would ask. "Why are you here?"

He doesn't answer right away, glancing at the trees as if he's never seen any before. It's clear as day that he's up to something and I get a mild panic attack just for realizing that I can't shake it out of him.

"I sort of wanted to check that you hadn't turned into a pumpkin or something."

"A pumpkin?" I stop and just stare at him.

He stops too, giving me a smirk. "It's a Cinderella reference."

It's a... Does he think I'm an idiot? "I know it's a Cinderella reference. But why would you think that?"

"Because I saw a hint of someone in there last night. Someone a lot more interesting than the Party Princess."

Fuck! Also, stop using my tagging mechanism, asshole . I should put a trademark on that.

Fuck! Also, stop using my tagging mechanism, asshole "Okay, yes, I'm not that well behaved. I was making an effort for my parents." I pause a second to analyze him and am pleased to see that he's buying it, so I add, "In truth, I say fuck a lot."

He laughs and I giggle, too, trying to overcome my impulse to gag and roll my eyes.

"I thought so," he says and starts walking again.

I jog to catch up and we fall into step again. I have no idea what he wants and climbing isn't my favorite past time, so it takes me all of thirty seconds to become annoyed with him again.

"Can we stop walking?" It's not helping me warm up either. Makes me colder if anything.

"You're the one who suggested a walk." But he stops nonetheless and turns to me.

"Yeah, well, I'm not the sporty type."

"Or the outdoorsy type either." He nods towards me. "You're freezing."

If my teeth weren't clattering, I'd tell him to fuck off, but like this, I'm pretty sure it would just amuse him.

"I wouldn't call it freezing," I finally say.

With a sigh, he zips his green hoodie open and passes it to me. Even if he's only wearing a t-shirt underneath, he's not phased by the cold. I just want to gag again at this cliche, but I am cold so I put it on.

It's warm, and I'm not sure why that catches me off guard since he obviously just had it on. It's also filled with his stupid cologne that turns my stomach over.

"Thanks," I mutter under my breath.

The word makes him frown and tilt his head. Fuck! I'm in a hoodie and mumbling like the real Adrienne. I quickly throw the hood off my head and smile at him trying to make it not look like the grimace I'm sure it is. I need a distraction.



"I should've grabbed my own jacket, but I just wanted out of there as soon as possible."

"Family tension?"

"You have no idea." The eyeroll slips, but at least it's honest.

His shoulders lose their tension and a bitter smile lifts one corner of his mouth. "I think I might. Up and rising politician father. Kid who's not in Petraka. Must be hell for you ever since you didn't get in."

Wrong. It was hell for me ever since I did. But his story is legit so I let him believe it and just shrug and rub my arms. I'm annoyingly comfortable right now, even as we stand on the sidewalk, in front of a random house.

"You shouldn't be sorry you're not there," he continues, bringing the subject around perfectly. "It makes people... different. You, and I mean this you, not the Party Princess... You're maybe the most honest interaction I've had in months."

this Oh, God, he's such an idiot. He has no idea. And yet, his words make my stomach flutter for some reason. "What do you mean?" I ask to fill the silence and distract myself. Now that I know he's the fooled one, I'm not about to make myself a fool as well.

"I mean Petraka is like a battlefield. One wrong move and you're socially dead. It's like that damn app dictates their lives."

Okay, this is interesting. Finally a conversation I can get fully behind. I walk to the front yard of the house and sit on the grass. He lifts an eyebrow at me, but joins me, looking pleasantly impressed by my rebellious streak.

"What app?"

He narrows his eyes, but I don't care if he's suspicious. It's very probable for people outside Petraka not to know about it.

"I thought you knew, since you seem to know most of Petraka royalty."

"You saw my interaction with Donna Jensen. We're not exactly chummy."

He nodded, convinced, as I knew he would be, by the truth. "It's called TMI and it basically filters out rumors."

"TMI? As in Too Much Information?"

"Yeah, I guess so." He ponders on the name. "Have to appreciate the irony there."

I grin. Thank you, asshole. I put a lot of thought into that. "I didn't know. But it sounds like a good thing."

Thank you, asshole. I "It's not. It's low-key bullying."

There it is again, his stupid bullying theory. But this time, I can't kick him in the shins and walk away. So I plaster a polite smile on my face instead.

"How? Doesn't it actually prevent bullying?"

He squints at me again and shivers run down my spine. I have to be very careful, but if my plan is to work, I need to turn him around and prove TMI is a good thing. That and I want him to recognize the genius of my ploy.

"How does it prevent bullying?" he asks, instead of just laying out his thoughts.

I understand this is a powerplay, and I intend to win it. "This way, bullies will know that their actions come with consequences. Put a tow out of line and everyone will know. The weak can have others standing up for them."

He leans back on his hands and looks at the cloudy sky as if pondering on my words. The lack of immediate attack makes me certain he has no idea who he's talking to, and I want to keep it that way for now.

"On the surface, that's true," he finally says, resting his eyes on me. "But in the end, it's just another way to control people."

"People need to be controlled. Isn't that what the government does?"



"Kids need to learn. From their mistakes as well as the mistakes of others. TMI doesn't put them into counseling. It doesn't alert the staff. It just... Scares people that they might be next."

I scoff even if his words fill me with glee. "It doesn't scare anyone."

"How would you know?"

you I shrug, unfazed. I'm too sure this isn't some elaborate trap to read into everything coming out of his mouth. Plus, I can talk myself out of everything.

"Even if I don't go to Petraka, I am a high school student. I've seen how fast fads change, how the bullies always twist everything to their advantage."

am "It would normally be true." Connor leans all the way back and stares at the sky. "But the creme de la creme of Petraka supports TMI. As far as everyone in that school is concerned, that app can do no wrong."

His words soothe my soul the way only having your work appreciated can.

"Maybe it's for the best. I mean as long as the app isn't lying."

He turns to me again, seeming confused for some reason. "How could it be for the best?"

"The truth needs to come out. So as long as what the app says it's true, I don't see the problem with people being exposed."

"That's not it, Adrienne. Kids need to make mistakes. They need to learn. And some things are private. Even if our society encourages washing your dirty laundry in public, it doesn't mean it's a good thing." His voice is getting edgier as he puts more soul into his speech. Now, he has a calling to be a politician.

he "So you think they should get away with it?"

"No." He lowers his voice, riling in some of the enthusiasm. "But I don't think exposing them is the way to go either. We don't fix, we don't offer solutions. We are teenagers. We point, we laugh, we judge. In short, we destroy."

That's exactly what I'm planning to do to the golden circle, so his words only make me happy. But I hide it and hug my knees, pretending to think things over.

"How can the truth be a bad thing?" I finally ask.

"Sometimes, the truth is just hurtful. We're the offspring of politically tied people. We should know that better than anybody."

He has no idea what he's talking about. Nothing excuses lies. Sometimes, they are necessary, but the truth needs to come out. Just like it will in the case of Rosie Geld. Everyone will know what she did. What she and her cronies did. How rumors hurt people. Kill them. And only the truth can set you free.

"I'm still not sure, but I can see your point."

He smiles at me, but he looks tired. I fleetingly wonder if he was up before dawn, doing his fighting training or biking or something. He certainly seems like the golden boy type.

"Let's just say that some things are better left in their closets. Like your family situation."

"What about it?" I hug my knees tighter to myself, the thorns poking out of my skin for protection.

He doesn't get the hint, still smiling. "That's your business. No one needs to know or should care about it. What would be the point of exposing it?"

I can see through his act. He's trying to low-key convince me not to look into his closet, and once again I'm wondering if he knows who I really am. Maybe it's innocent.

"I like you," he suddenly blurts out, throwing me completely off my train of thought.

"Excuse me?" I choke out.

"I mean I like hanging out. Talking. I think this was the most intelligent conversation I've had since I moved here."

Even through my confusion, I catch the singular. I. Not we, not my family, not me and my dad or mom or grandma or aunt Primrose. I.

"I like talking to you, too," I say, and the words come easy.

He's right. I haven't had such an intelligent conversation about moral principles in a very long time. And with someone who has no idea what happened and who looks at me like I'm not broken. Someone who doesn't patronize me and looks down on me, thinking I'm just delusional, that they know better.

"Maybe you should keep me up to speed with TMI. That way, we can analyze what it actually does more," I say.

His eyes narrow again, but I can tell he's amused. "Maybe."

"What about you?" I don't care that it's sudden and weird, because if I win, it's the jackpot. "Any skeletons in your closet that TMI could expose?"

He laughs, but it's as gloomy as the sky above us. "I hope not. As I said, some things are better left in their closets."

I laugh along, and it's somehow honest. Because he's just confirmed that there is something he's trying to hide, something he wouldn't want in the open. And I think that Not-Party-Princess is my best bet to finding out.

"Can we hang out again?" he suddenly asks.

"Sure." I don't even hesitate, because this is too good to be true. "Just..." My phone chimes and I fish it out from my pocket. "Text me first. I don't want you to have to stand my mother more than necessary."

"If this means I get your number, sure."

I don't mind giving him my number. Less of a reason he might decide to suddenly grab my phone. Not that he could open it or anything. I say the digits, my mind only half concentrating.

I have a text from Marisa. She said she'd call.

Connor stands and I stand too, afraid to open the text while he's still around.

"Nice walk," he says.

"Yeah, nice." I smile, but I just want him gone. Could something have gone wrong and I'm wasting time here talking to this guy instead of helping?

"I'm this way." He nods to his right. I know for fact his house is in the opposite direction, but I play along and just smile some more.

"Okay. Talk to you later." And before he can answer, I twist and hurry down the hill, towards my house.

I can hear him say goodbye and I raise my hand in salute not to seem rude, but I'm already so over him. I've found out enough for now. I'm halfway to my house when I finally chance a glance over my shoulder. He's not following.

I take my phone out again and open the text. It's short and annoyingly devoid of information.

We need to talk. Can you come to my place around 9?

We need to talk. Can you come to my place around 9? So annoying. I need to teach her proper texting etiquette when it comes to emergencies. I just text her a K back and stop in front of my door. I still have two hours to kill, which is great, since I need to write down everything from my conversation with Connor and try digging up some more on him.

K As I step inside, I realize I'm still wearing his hoodie.

ðŸ§¿

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.





Eleven


Change is always frightening. It is a basic human survival instinct to fear the unknown. But it shouldn't mean changing back should be terrifying.

It is.

After just two times of wearing my old clothes and not having my hair in my face all the time, it's starting to annoy me. I pull it back absentmindedly and tie it into a knot as I make my way to Marisa's house.

I've spent the last few hours obsessing over my conversation with Connor. It was still irrelevant. I have almost nothing on him, though a hint at a deeper secret gives me hope. And the fact that he walked in the opposite direction from his house shows he's as shady to me, a supposed potential friend, as I am to him.

What is he hiding? And why does he seek me out?

A car honks and scares me half to death. I take a deep breath, working on my nerves, forcing myself not to turn around and flip off the dick who decided it was fun to scare random people walking through a quiet neighborhood.

"Adrienne!"

I turn around at the sound of Marisa's voice. She's sitting in a parked silver Audi, a few houses down from her own. She's still wearing her pink and purple dress, but her makeup is gone.

I walk to her and she pushes the passenger door open. Old-school rock fills the air. I hesitate outside. She's nibbling on her full lower lip, her knees bouncing, and I'm not sure I want to be locked in a tight space with her. I don't do tight spaces and she looks about to snap.

"Come on," she says, waving me over. "God!" She puts both hands on the wheel. Her thin arms are shaking.

"What the hell happened?" I come closer, stopping right outside the door. "Do I really have to?"

"Please." And for once, her tone is pleading.

It's that more than anything that has me climbing into her car and closing the door. For some reason, I expect the interior to smell like cigarettes or too-sweet perfume. It doesn't. It smells just... normal.

"I don't like tight spaces, so let's make this quick."

Marisa lets out a short laugh, sounding slightly hysterical. "Tell me about it. I need to calm myself. My parents can't see me like this. I just never thought..."

I raise my hand to silence her. "Are you having second thoughts?"

She hesitates and I hate her for it. But a look of determination fills her face and she shakes her head.

"No. As unpleasant as it is, it only convinces me more that they deserve it. Deserve to be taught a lesson."

I'm surprisingly satisfied with the answer, so I lean back in my seat. "So what got you so on edge?"

"That clique is a cesspool." Marisa leans back in her chair too, sinking her hands in her rich, mahogany hair. "Being with them... They just tiptoe around each other constantly, like one wrong move could lead to their execution."

I frown at this. "That makes no sense. They appear to be a tight pack. Why spend all their time together if they don't like each other?"

"Have you ever had friends?"

I bristle at her implied claim. "What does that have to do with anything?"

She lets out a long sigh. "Very much of it is circumstantial. Rosie and Ava are friends. Rosie goes out with Rod, Ava goes out with Martin. Martin is friends with Antoine, Antoine is supposedly dating Miranda, Lexi is dating Lucas who is Donna's cousin and so on..."

I notice how she leaves Davey Postvam out of this, but decide not to push. I know he's Rod's best friend. Plus, even if he wasn't, he's handsome and good at sports enough for them to want to include him regardless of previous connections.



"Of course, for high school kids, it's the height of cool to be part of a large tight-knit group. That doesn't mean they truly like each other, though. They all have secrets."

"But that's great."

"It is." Marisa finally flashes a grin. "My only problem is that the boys' secrets will be much harder to come by."

That was true. We had something on Martin at the moment which could destroy his relationship with Ava, but being a manwhore didn't ruin his street cred or his reputation unfortunately. We needed to dig deeper.

"Damn it, we need Connor," I mutter.

"I know." She finally seems calmer now, as if letting all that out freed her. "And we need to make a plan and see who takes the first fall."

"Isn't that obvious? Miranda."

Marisa winces. "I'm not sure. I mean yes, she talks about her friends behind their backs and is mean to the lesser minions, but she's a stupid little girl. Plus I think she's the most likely to give us dirt on the others. Destroying her will cut us off from information."

I ponder on this. She has a point. Miranda would be the easiest to finish off. You do not lust over Ava Park's boyfriend and get away with it, even if Martin is a dick. But, pushing her off her pedestal meant losing our informer.

"We're not bringing Miranda into TMI," I say for good measure, though I'm pretty sure at this point Marisa is too smart to suggest such a travesty.

"Of course not. She's a bit dumb and a blabbermouth on top of that. It's exactly why she wants to hang out with me. Have someone she can spill to because she can't, for the life of her, keep a secret."

I think it over some more. Marisa still seems a bit on edge, as if badmouthing Miranda hurts her.

"What really happened?"

"I feel sorry for Miranda on some level," she says after a short pause.

"Don't feel pity for your prey."

She shakes her head again and doesn't smile, even if I expected her to. "She's a teenager who is doing her best to fit in. I'm sure being a nasty piece of work was not in her character, but she faked it until it became part or her. She is a minority and she was just trying to survive. Much like me."

Oh God. I hope she's not going to go all politically correct on me or some shit. Yes, maybe Miranda wasn't as privileged as the others in the golden circle because of her skin color, but she's still miles above everyone else. Being a mindless drone with no backbone is not an excuse

"If you're going to start seeing yourself in her and understanding her, you can stop right there."

understanding Marisa shakes her head. "She won't thwart me from my goal. But it is hard to see how mean people can be to each other."

is Mean? I'd call it downright evil. They deserve no mercy. Miranda was there, she had a part in this like everyone else. So when her time comes, she will fall. Whether Marisa wants it or not.

"I agree with not tearing her down right now," I say, bringing the conversation back on track. "We do need her to get dirt on the others. So we need to pick a first target. Who does Miranda hate most?"

"I'd say Ava since she's the reason she can't be with Martin, but Ava is untouchable at the moment. She's the most careful out of them all."

I frown. "What do you mean?"

"While they shopped, they gossiped like a bunch of abuelitas , sharing all sorts of random, boring things. Though Ava had thoughts on everything and talked a lot, I noticed she's the only one who didn't share about herself." Marisa reaches into the backseat and pulls out some papers. "I have most of the info down here. I'll send you photos."

abuelitas

Well then. She's well organized, I'll give her that.

"I suggest Donna," she says. "She freaks Miranda out and seems like a damn psycho to me too."

I see her narrowed eyes and the way she glared at me and wrapped her arms around Connor. Hell yes, she should go down first and painfully. I hesitate a moment, wondering if her affections towards Connor would actually aid him in infiltrating the group, but I doubt it. It's a lot more dangerous in case he actually starts liking her, though God knows why anyone would.

"Okay, agreed. Try to see what Miranda has on her and I'll start snooping around too."

"You going to go through her trash?" Marisa asks, trying and failing to keep a straight face.

She has no idea how useful people's trash usually is. But I just glare at her to shut her up because I see how this might look humiliating. I have half a mind to ask her to search through trash.

She sobers. "What about Connor?"

Good point. I bite my lip, wondering if I should share, but I see no point not to. He is, after all, part of the plan and my plan now includes Marisa. The disconcerting thing is that I'm starting to like having someone to talk to. Maybe Miranda and I aren't so different either.

I push the stupid thought back. "I'm not sure how to broach this problem. He came to see me today."

"Um, what?"

I understand her surprise. I'm still a little shocked myself. "He came to my house. And I went out to meet him. Before you ask, not dressed like this. I pretended to be the girl at the party." I actually didn't. I pretended to be the girl behind the girl at the party, but I didn't see the point of getting into that. "He's very secretive, you know. But he did let slip that he has skeletons hidden in his own closet."

Marisa rubs her chin, her green eyes fixed on the darkening street. "That's interesting. Do you think he suspects you and is trying to catch you at it, or that he genuinely likes you?"

That is the million dollar question. I have no idea about anything. I just shrug. "The thing is, he bought TMI up himself and I tried to subtly change his mind about it, show him how it's necessary. Set the ground for when we'll ask him to join."

She bites her lip, still not looking at me, as if hiding something. I squint at her, but decide not to ask.

"That's a good idea," she finally says. "Anything new on TMI?"

"No." She had a point. With tier three freshly groveling at the bottom of the social ladder, no one has reported any rumors in the last twenty-four hours. I know they will bounce back. Tier four now has the chance to become tier three. But it will take a while. "Anyway," I continue, "we don't need to be active on it right now. As I said, a break is actually good. We can focus on the task at hand."

"Okay. So our first two objectives are to gather dirt on Donna and recruit Connor."

I personally hate the thought of recruiting Connor, but I know she's right. And by the looks of it, I'll have to do it. Good thing I now have his phone number and can engage in idle chat. After getting friendly enough, and maybe finding out something about him, I'll tell him the truth.

"There is one more thing." Marisa takes a deep breath. "We will be doing this, gathering information, but we can't exactly do anything about Donna."

"Why not?" If she gets all noble again, I'll bitch slap her.

"Because we need to clear tier two as well."

Damn it. She has a point. And she looks constipated about it, fully aware that she's the only person in tier two I actually know there's a rumor about, even if I don't know what it is yet.



"We don't have to worry about that yet. First, we actually need dirt on the golden circle."

She relaxes at my words and for some reason, that makes me feel better, too.

me "Okay, thanks," she says.

The question about Davey Postvam is on the tip of my tongue again, but she seems harassed enough that I don't push. Patience is, after all, a virtue. And if I improve my attitude towards her, she will think we're friends.

will If I wait long enough, she will come to me.

ðŸ§¿



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. ðŸ§¿

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated.

Thank you for reading TMI. Please consider leaving a vote / comment if you enjoyed it. All feedback is greatly appreciated. Also I promise to get better at this whole texting thingðŸ˜… I just thought it would be fun.

Also I promise to get better at this whole texting thingðŸ˜… I just thought it would be fun.





Twelve


People are deep pools. The only reason people would claim they have no depth is because they can't understand themselves, can't see the layer upon layer of social stigma and childhood trauma.

People are not simple.

Donna Jensen and Miranda Washington are not simple at all.

"I don't know what to make of it," Marisa says, hitting the play button on her phone.

Miranda's voice fills the car. " Oh, don't get me wrong, I get along with all of them. They're my friends. You're just... fresh. And haven't heard my shit a thousand times before and tell me I should shut up about it already ."

Oh, don't get me wrong, I get along with all of them. They're my friends. You're just... fresh. And haven't heard my shit a thousand times before and tell me I should shut up about it already ." There is light giggling.

" I'm sure someone would understand . Especially if they're you're friends . "

I'm sure someone would understand . Especially if they're you're friends . " Oh no. " Miranda sounds frightened now and her voice lowers. " Everyone worships Ava. When she's happy, everything is wonderful. We don't want to make her sad . This is betrayal. Especially since Martin and I kissed."

Oh no. Everyone worships Ava. When she's happy, everything is wonderful. We don't want to make her sad . This is betrayal. Especially since Martin and I kissed." " You kissed? " Marisa asks, shock lacing her voice. Honest shock.

You kissed? "She's not helping," I mumble and not-recorded-Marisa shushes me.

" He just... I was waiting for Antoine to come out of the lockers and Martin came instead. He looked so hot with his hair dripping wet, smelling like cologne. And he smirked at me and winked and I just..."

He just... I was waiting for Antoine to come out of the lockers and Martin came instead. He looked so hot with his hair dripping wet, smelling like cologne. And he smirked at me and winked and I just..." "Oh, God." I roll my eyes so hard it hurts. I'm too disgusted to catch the next words of Miranda's heated confession.

" And I couldn't help it. I let him kiss me. And I kissed him back because why wouldn't I ? He's the one who started it. "

And I couldn't help it. I let him kiss me. And I kissed him back because why wouldn't I ? He's the one who started it. "And that makes total sense. It's okay if he started it."

"Honestly, Adrienne." Marisa stops the recording. "If you're going to keep this up, what's the point of listening?"

"This doesn't help us! We have our rumor on Miranda. This is more than enough to bring her down. If we would even put this up on TMI without confirming it, she'd be dead. Cheater and backstabber. Worst combination."

"You're forgetting about breaking racial norms."

"Fuck, Marisa. This isn't the apartheid." I know Petraka is conservative as fuck, but even they don't frown upon interracial relationships.

"Do you even know Petraka anymore?" she muses and I want to punch her, but I don't. "Everyone knows that Miranda and Antoine are together and everyone agrees. If they broke up and it turns out they were not this happy couple, everyone will feel betrayed."

She has a point. Even if Miranda's relationship is none of their business, the golden circle are practically stars and have the rest of the school looking up to them, drinking in their every word, watching their every move. And it's not uncommon for crazy fans to hold breakups against the people involved.

"Okay, keep going."

Marisa looks skeptical, but she turns her phone on again. Her recorded voice fills the car.



" Honestly Miranda, that's not wise."

Honestly Miranda, that's not wise." " I know. " Miranda sighs. " But it is a bit thrilling, you know. Living a forbidden romance."

I know. But it is a bit thrilling, you know. Living a forbidden romance." Wow, she's such an idiot, but I keep the comment to myself.

" It's so hard to hide things though. So hard to lie," Miranda continues, sounding as if her oh-so-perfect life is so tedious. " Thank God I found you and you're actually okay enough to hang around without people asking too many questions. We're not allowed to have friends outside the circle, you know."

It's so hard to hide things though. So hard to lie," Thank God I found you and you're actually okay enough to hang around without people asking too many questions. We're not allowed to have friends outside the circle, you know." Gag. Self entitled assholes.

" I'm sure those in the circle would understand, too, " Marisa says, her acting flawless. It gets me wondering if she's acting around me too and even I don't know her real face. " I mean sure, you can't actually talk to Ava about it, but maybe Lexi. Or Donna."

I'm sure those in the circle would understand, too, I mean sure, you can't actually talk to Ava about it, but maybe Lexi. Or Donna." Miranda lets out a laugh, but it's incredibly strained. " Lexi would never understand. She's crazy about Lucas. And Donna creeps me out."

Lexi would never understand. She's crazy about Lucas. And Donna creeps me out." Bingo. Marisa knows it too, because she grins in the darkness. Her features are eerily distorted in the streetlight.

" Creeps you out? " recorded Marisa asks. " She seems so cool."

Creeps you out? She seems so cool." Miranda tries to laugh again. " She loves chaos that one. " Her voice lowers to a whisper. " And doesn't act like a normal person."

She loves chaos that one. And doesn't act like a normal person." " What do you mean?"

What do you mean?" " I mean she laughs at the strangest things. Like children getting hurt or animals falling. " Miranda's voice is so low, it's barely discernible. " Like when Audrey Hart... well, you know, she just thought it was funny. "

I mean she laughs at the strangest things. Like children getting hurt or animals falling. Like when Audrey Hart... well, you know, she just thought it was funny. My blood freezes in my veins and my vision tunnels. I can hear my eardrums pounding, making my head spin and all I want to do is wrap my fingers around Donna's throat and squeeze. Squeeze until that disgusting light in her eyes dies. I imagine she would still have a triumphant smile on those artificiality pumped lips as she watches me sell my soul for her demise.

The image spins inside my head and my fingers clench and unclench. The drumming in my ears fades and nausea twists my stomach. It would be horrible, but maybe worth it.

Worth it to make sure she won't get to laugh about other people dying.

There's silence in the car as my mind keeps turning like a hurricane, mashing up horrible image after horrible image. A hand on my forearm has me opening my eyes.

I'm not there, witnessing horrid events happening. I'm in Marisa Delterre's car, doing everything in my power to make the ones responsible pay.

"You alright now?" she asks, and I realize she's turned off the recording.

"Am I ever?" Probably not, but I know what she means so I take a deep breath. My pulse finally calms down a little.

Marisa lets me have a moment, looking neutral about my temporary breakdown. She's looking for something on her phone and I wonder how long I've zoned out. A quick glance at the car clock shows it's only been a couple of minutes.

"Just let me know when I can turn this back on."

I'm tempted to ask if there's anything else about Audrey on it, but that would be just showing weakness. So, instead, I just nod.



"I think this next part is important for you to hear." She turns it on again and Miranda starts talking from where we left off.

" Sometimes I think it's the only thing that gets her off, chaos and misery. She's had so many boyfriends, and all of them come out of the relationship shaken. Yuri Ono... "

Sometimes I think it's the only thing that gets her off, chaos and misery. She's had so many boyfriends, and all of them come out of the relationship shaken. Yuri Ono... I straighten in my seat, a lot more interested. Marisa also shifts in her seat, but in an uncomfortable way.

" No one has actually seen him since she was done with him, " Miranda whispers in an overdramatic fashion. " There are rumors that he's dead."

No one has actually seen him since she was done with him, There are rumors that he's dead." "Rumors? I've never heard those rumors."

"Rumors? I've never heard those rumors." Miranda tries to laugh again, but chokes on it. " That's because you're an innocent little flower. No offense . The truth is, you don't listen to the grapevine. If you do and dig low enough, you find some interesting stuff . "

That's because you're an innocent little flower. No offense . The truth is, you don't listen to the grapevine. If you do and dig low enough, you find some interesting stuff . Marisa turns off her phone. "We start talking about clothes after this."

"Well then," I say, leaning back in my seat. A shiver runs through me and it's annoying that Miranda's overdramatic antics actually got to me. "What do you think she means about the grapevine?"

"I don't know. I'm confused about it as well," she says. "Because everyone is free to submit rumors to TMI, so it should've showed up. Do you actually have any rumor on the golden circle?"

I shake my head. I never thought it strange because I always considered that people were too afraid in case TMI suddenly decided to out the source of the rumor. But that didn't mean that rumors didn't fly under the radar. But where had Miranda, a member of the golden circle, even hear those?

"So we have two issues here," Marisa says, back to business. "On one side, we have the presumed disappearance of Yuri Ono. After what Miranda said, I tried to figure out when I last saw him and I couldn't for the life of me remember. On the other side, we have Donna's actual personality. I mean I've noticed that she's mean and chaotic, but from what Miranda says, she's apparently a psychopath."

"Miranda could be exaggerating," I point out.

"I know, but isn't it our job to find out?"

Hell yeah, it is. And if she's really a psycho who gets off on people's misery, I'm ready to expose her in all her glory. And if she's the reason Yuri Ono disappeared, even better. Having an immediate goal fills me with energy and exuberance.

"Good job, Marisa." Yes, I can compliment people, so the look of surprise on her face is a little insulting.

"Can I leave the rest to you?" she asks once she snaps out of her confused state.

"Of course. I'll dig up dirt on Donna and see if what Miranda claims is true. I'll also dig deeper into this grapevine thing. I don't like rumors existing outside of TMI."

"Me neither. It makes things a little too chaotic." She leans her crossed arms over the steering wheel and heaves a deep sigh. "Hanging out with Miranda is a little exhausting. She doesn't want to introduce me into the golden circle officially, so we spend a lot of covert time. She's eighty percent a very boring and overdramatic person."



"Probably most of them are." For some reason, I actually feel sympathy towards her. When did I come to trust her so much and actually care? Maybe when she decided to share everything with me without asking for anything in return. Surprisingly, I find our current status comfortable. A few more days and maybe the idea of touching her won't make me sick.

"That's true. They're not so glamorous from the inside."

We both fall silent after this as I try to piece together the next part of my plan. It's pretty easy to determine. We have enough dirt of Miranda to throw her into the bowels of tier five. We have a lead on Donna. And out of the golden circle, she will be the first to fall.

If the supposed rumors about Yuri Ono are true, then we have a tier two rumor as well... or at least the start of one. As always, there's also the possibility of outing Marisa. I still don't know what happened between her and Davey Postvam, but I will find out in time.

"I need to do some homework," Marisa mumbles. "I don't know how you juggle them all, but it's getting a little much for me. Miranda is eating away time I don't have."

I just shrug, my guard going all the way up again. Marisa doesn't know everything about me, obviously, and I'd rather keep it that way.

"Not all of us want to be valedictorians," I answer simply.

"Fair enough." She stretches and looks at her house which is barely visible between two tall trees. As usual we're parked about three houses down from her place. "Any new developments with Connor?"

His name kills my decent mood. "We've texted some, but he hasn't asked to meet me again and I haven't really gotten into anything serious. He doesn't want to spill what he knows about the golden circle."

"Of course he doesn't. As I said, he's not an idiot." She yawns. "That's good though, that you're still talking. Just give him some time. I'm sure he doesn't want to seem overly desperate."

Overly desperate? "Wait, you think he's actually courting me?"

Marisa gives me a sideways glance. "Um, duh. Why else would he be doing what he's doing?"

A million other reasons. Why would he even consider he'd be able to woo me? That I actually want a relationship? The thought is so stupid I can't help but scoff. "He says he wants to talk to someone outside Petraka." Which makes a lot more sense than him hoping for romance.

Marisa smirks. "Yeah, sure. Talk."

I huff and cross my arms over my chest. She's been hanging out with Miranda too much and the stupid and overdramatic are rubbing off. "Whatever. He's barking up the wrong tree."

This makes her give me another suspicious sideways glance, but I'm done with her and her shit. She may live in a world where everything spirals around stupid high school romance, but some people live in the real world where love is nothing but a word to get other people to envy you or do what you want.

Love is a power play. And if my instincts are not wrong, Donna Jensen knows exactly how to use it to get her way.

"I should get home," Marisa says, very subtly dismissing me.

I don't mind this time. I want out of that stifling car which is too filled with her perfume. Half of me knows I'll smell like her when I get out.

"Keep me posted if anything happens." I get out and slam the door. I don't get to take a step away before she rolls down the window on the passenger side.

"Same," Marisa says. "Let me know when you get home."

"What are you, my mother?"

"Of course not. But I know you and what you're about to do could be dangerous. I want to make sure you pulled it off."

Half of me wants to yell at her for doubting me. I was born for this game. But after hearing Miranda's words, I could understand her worry.

Because Marisa had guessed exactly what I was planning to do.

It was time to pay Donna Jensen a visit.

ðŸ§¿

Thank you for reading TMI. I decided to start a little party game with this story. I'm having lots of fun with it and I want us all to have a good time.

Thank you for reading TMI. I decided to start a little party game with this story. I'm having lots of fun with it and I want us all to have a good time. The game is simple and predictable for this kind of story and it's titled "What are they hiding?"

The game is simple and predictable for this kind of story and it's titled "What are they hiding?" Basically, I will point out a character or situation every chapter and you're all free to shoot crazy theories about what they're actually hiding. Craziest theory will be mentioned in the next chapter and gets the round winner title ðŸ˜

Basically, I will point out a character or situation every chapter and you're all free to shoot crazy theories about what they're actually hiding. Craziest theory will be mentioned in the next chapter and gets the round winner title ðŸ˜ First off, what do you think Donna is hiding ?

First off, what do you think Donna is hiding ? You don't have to take into about what Marisa and Adrienne assume. They could be very wrong because in this book, nothing is what it seems. So go!

You don't have to take into about what Marisa and Adrienne assume. They could be very wrong because in this book, nothing is what it seems. So go! I've also attached to this chapter the song I believe could be a theme song to this book.

I've also attached to this chapter the song I believe could be a theme song to this book. Also, if you are inspired for graphics or other material regarding the story, I would love to see it!

Also, if you are inspired for graphics or other material regarding the story, I would love to see it! As always, all feedback is greatly appreciated. And if you like the story, maybe consider letting someone else know about it ðŸ˜Š

As always, all feedback is greatly appreciated. And if you like the story, maybe consider letting someone else know about it ðŸ˜Š





Thirteen


Thank you so much for your input on the last chapter and giving me your theories on what Donna is hiding. I give you the winning one.

Thank you so much for your input on the last chapter and giving me your theories on what Donna is hiding. I give you the winning one.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. This made me laugh so hard.

This made me laugh so hard. Now lets get on with the chapter.

Now lets get on with the chapter. ðŸ§¿

ðŸ§¿ People like to hide and it's mostly because of shame. How shame helped the human race survive, I'm still not sure, but it must've been an important trait or humans today wouldn't be experiencing so much of it.

But then there are those who hide because who they are would put an end to every human relationship they ever had.

Donna Jensen lives in Fort Myer, right on the edge of Arlington Cemetery. Even if it's considered one of the best places to live in DC, the thought of a house near the cemetery has always freaked me out.

I'm not afraid of death and I'm certainly not afraid of the dead, but a part of me still remembers the childhood teachings of my grandmother and how she used to whisper every time we would pass a cemetery. The dead mustn't be disturbed. They have earned their peace and quiet.

All except for Audrey. She has earned nothing but despair and an ardent desire for revenge. I bet that if ghosts were real, she'd be under Rosie Geld's bed, rattling chains. Instead, she has me to make sure everyone who tortured her and essentially murdered her would pay.

And what better place to start than Donna? The psycho who filmed everything and turned Audrey's final hours into a viral video that millions watched. It was taken down a few days later to protect the identity of the posters, not the victim. It was too late for the victim by then. It always is with bullying, this disgusting habit of humans who use it only to validate themselves in front of others or themselves.

My thoughts aren't happy as I pass by the cemetery. Wind picks up and I pull my hoodie over my face, trying to hide as much of myself as possible. It's depressing. Even if it's supposed to be spring, the trees are still bare, the wind cold and the grass a brown dead mass. Mostly hidden by the night, branches look like emaciated fingers reaching out for me and the wind sounds like a pained moan.

"Fucking hell," I say under my breath. I really didn't think the cemetery could be so creepy.

I finally clear it and focus on the houses. Donna's is big and white, looking more like a modern condo than a house with its square design and flat roof. They have a few trees in their yard, but none close enough for me to use to spy on the upper story like I did at Marisa's. I stop at the corner of the house, the one facing the cemetery, and study the layout.

The window closest to me gives me a small glimpse of a cream kitchen. The window is cracked open so the smell of bolognese drifts out together with rushed voices. I identify a wooden ladder-like support on the side of the house used probably to support the roses during the summer. The roses are just pathetic shriveled stumps, so I'll be using it to spy upstairs instead.



Having secured my way up, I slink closer to the window and focus on the voices. A quick glance reveals a man and a woman. The woman has red hair in a modern pixie cut and is delicate and petite with large cinnamon eyes and a sharp nose. I know who she is. She's senator Knowles, a passionate advocate for climate change and animal rights. I used to watch her heated speeches what feels like millions of years ago. But I didn't realize she was Donna's mother. There is some resemblance though, even if Donna herself has unfortunately inherited her father's bulky structure and square face.

Everyone knows Donna's parents are divorced, but no one speaks about it any more. As much as they like to gossip, Petraka students aren't exactly known for sharing the woes of their families.

"Come on, Julia, why wait?" the man with her asks. He is tall and broad, with a square jaw and the looks of a model. He also appears at least a few years younger than the senator.

"Please, Ray," she replies. "In just a few months, Donna will graduate and she'll leave for college. We can get married then."

"Have you even told her about the engagement?"

The guilty look Julia Knowles gives her engagement ring answers for her. This is interesting. Donna is about to get a step daddy and she has no idea.

"I'll tell her after graduation," she says. "I don't want to distract her from her studying now."

Even I can tell it's a lie and there is a small tremor in her voice. Ray doesn't seem convinced either, but he drops the subject and wraps his arms around her.

"I can't wait to officially make you Mrs. Payne." They kiss and I gag.

"Me neither," she purrs," but patience is a virtue. How about you finish in here and I go up and draw us a nice bath?"

Gag some more. Ray moves to wash the dishes and Julia heads upstairs so there's nothing else of interest to me here. Instead, I wrap my freezing fingers around the highest bar of the makeshift ladder and hoist myself off the ground. The contraption covers the corner of the house on both sides, so I'll have my chance to look into two rooms. Hopefully, one of them is Donna's.

As I get higher, I hear the muffled sound of music growing louder with each second. I reach the window which is opened a sliver, and sneak a peek. Bingo. The room is obviously Donna's because I spy her sitting corsslegged on a large white bed. My position is precarious, so I don't dare stare more. She could easily see me from there if I peek through her window, so I have to be smart about this. Unlike Marisa, Donna is a lot more dangerous.

I hear the door to her room opening just as I manage to extract the phone out of my hoodie's pouch.

"Will you turn that music down?" Julia asks.

I turn on my camera and ease the lens to the lower edge of the window. I wish I had a selfie stick, even if I hate those abominable things. Maybe this is a use that would actually justify getting one. The room comes into view and I realize the walls are black. Who the hell has black walls? In sharp contrast, every piece of furniture visible from my spot is white.

Donna is perched on her bed, over a black and white duvet, and her head is now turned towards her mother who peeked her head through the door. I know I should study the people more, but I can't help but focus on the huge stuffed vulture on her bedside table. Its wings are are just a little spread, or it would probably take up half of the room. The thing is disgusting, with its brown feathers and bald head and neck. I swear the curved beak looks crimson on the tip.

"What?" Donna asks. "Can't you and Ray fuck on rock music? Would you like me to switch to something more romantic?" She pushes a button on her phone and Ed Sheeran starts playing.



Her words turn my attention from the buzzard to the people. Julia's face goes red, but otherwise, she is all composure.

"Donna, sweetie, we've talked about this. Ray and I are serious business. There are feelings there."

"Oh, really?" Donna chuckles and it sounds sick. "Are you in love ?" She laughs some more and the reason behind Julia's earlier tremor seems clear. Her daughter is a ticking time bomb and she knows it.

in love "Let's not get into this now, okay? I just ask you to turn the volume down a little and stay out of my room for the following hour or so."

a little Donna tilts her head and my stomach twists with nerves. For some reason, I'm convinced Julia shouldn't have said that last part. But she's a dumb mother and looks hopeful that her demon child would be reasonable.

Instead, Donna narrows her eyes and all false pretense of hysterical joy disappears. Miranda is right. Donna is creeping me out.

me "He's just a golddigger," she says. "And you're a fucking moron if you think he has feelings for you."

feelings "Language please," Julia says, unfazed by her daughter's words. "I fortunately trust my own observations more than yours. I hope you're studying. Your SATs are coming up." She glances at the small black notebook on the bed that looks more like a diary.

Donna rolls her eyes so hard, it must have hurt. "I don't care."

"You should," Julia says, her voice stern. "Because if you don't get into college, you're on your own. Let's see if you want to go live with your father."

The scowl on Donna's face would kill a lesser man, but her mother doesn't care. She blows Donna a kiss and lets herself out. Maybe she's a little psycho herself and Donna just inherited her crazy genes. Or maybe it was a sarcastic kiss which makes a lot more sense.

Donna turns the music off, her square jaw tense, her eyebrows bunched up, and she hurls herself out of bed with impressive speed. For a moment she lingers next to her bed and pets the head of that disgusting vulture, then she heads for her closet and disappears inside.

I frown, trying to figure out just what the hell she's doing in there, unless she wants to go out or something. While I wait, I take in the room a bit better and find what looks like a stuffed raven placed on top of a dresser. This girl is insane.

I'm proven right once she stomps out of her closet wearing a shoulderless leather dress so short, it's barely there. Her large boobs are one wrong move from spilling out in all directions.

"He loves you, does he?" she says to the empty room and then laughs that disturbing laugh again. "You stupid, stupid hag." And just like that, her feet bare, she lets herself out of the room.

I turn off the camera and stuff the phone back in my pouch, my mind reeling with what I've just seen and heard. Part of me knows that something is about to go down in that kitchen, but this is my chance to take a look inside her room. But if she comes back... My heart is racing and I feel slightly dizzy. Whatever I do next, it has to include me getting off this flimsy ladder.

Deciding to see what Donna is up to, I climb down. My knees are shaking and I can't tell if it's because of the effort of staying suspended for so long, or I'm nervous. This is next level shit. With all my spying, I've never stumbled across something like this before.

I reach the ground safely and I can already hear hushed voices.

"No, what are you doing?" Ray whispers.

I want to know that too so I take my phone out again and use it to safely see what's going on inside.

Donna is in the kitchen now, leaning her butt against a counter. I hadn't noticed, but there is a giant zipper the length of her dress that probably works. She's toying with it, licking her lips while Ray's eyes are bulging out of his head.



"Come now, Daddy." Her purr is much better than her mother's. "If there are feelings there, this should be easy to resist."

feelings Now I really want to puke. She isn't just doing what I think she's doing. But she is. She pushes her ass off the counter and walks over to her future step father and the tent in his pants is painfully obvious. I'm not even sure that I should keep watching this, or what I should do about it. Vomit raises to my mouth as she takes his hand and puts it on the handle of her zipper, while her other hand cups his crotch.

I keep my phone there and decide to record this, but I'm no longer looking at the screen. As nasty as this is, it's exactly what I need.

"She could come down," Ray stutters.

"She never does. She'll be waiting for you in the tub. Let me get you ready."

What the actual fuck? My eyes flit to the screen of my phone for a second and I instantly regret it. Donna's on her knees now and Ray's pasty butt is exposed for all to see. Yeah enough of this shit. I pull the phone back and stop recording. I need to focus on something else, wash my eyes out, burn them and throw away the ashes.

"What a slut," I mumble under my breath and head back up the flower ladder. What really shakes me is not that she's screwing this man who could be her father, but that I get the feeling she's only doing it to spite her mother. While I'm all for spiting mothers, this is a little extreme even for me.

I push the window to the psycho's room open and jump in. I wasn't wrong. Every piece of furniture in the room is white while the walls, rug and ceiling are black. It makes me feel like I'm in a grave and the thought sends a shudder through me. The vulture seems to be staring so I move around. Except for it and the raven, there's also a stuffed fox in another corner, grinning at me and staring with glassy eyes. For some reason the rictus on its dead face reminds me very much of its owner.

Deciding to ignore the dead animals staring at me, I head for the bed and pick up the black notebook. I'm wearing gloves this time because there's no way I'm leaving evidence here. Donna looks like the type of person who'd own a stuffed human if she could.

The little black book turns out to be just that. A little black book, a testimony of all the people Donna has slept with or dated or whatever. I don't have time to look through all of it so I flip to the final pages. The second to last person in there is Ray which proves them banging in the kitchen in not a one-time-affair. According to Donna's carefully kept records, they'd banged a total of nineteen times in six months and she gave him a score of 9/10.

I shake my head, unable to believe what some people will keep track of. I don't have the time or the patience right now to read the entire entry because there's a good chance she'll come back, so I flip to the beginning and just take photos of as many pages as possible, including the pages on Ray. I freeze when I turn to the next entry.

Yuri Ono. There's a picture of him there with his goofy smile and glasses. Where did she even get that? When was it taken? And how long has he actually been missing? My eyes unwillingly take in the stats portion of the page. They'd had sex three times in one day and that's it. The score is a 10/10 which gets me wondering what exactly she's grading. Is Yuri Ono a sex god or are the scores based on something else?

I hear the door to the room next door opening and I jump out of my skin.

"Ray," Julia calls. "Will you be any longer?"

Shit! That certainly cut their bang short which means Donna could appear any second.

"I'll be right up," Ray answers, his voice strangled, probably buried deep in her twisted daughter.

I need to haul ass out of there. But at the same time, I'm not done with the notebook. It's like fucking Sophie's Choice. Defeat versus my own life. Potentially. I wish I could take the notebook with me. I swear I hear footsteps up the stairs.

In a panic, I turn the last page of the notebook. My brain freezes together with all the blood in my veins.

It's Connor.

ðŸ§¿

Welp, things got weird and creepy and perverted. At least Adrienne has something to start bringing Donna down. But will it be enough? Will the students at Petraka find this grounds for socially banning her?

Welp, things got weird and creepy and perverted. At least Adrienne has something to start bringing Donna down. But will it be enough? Will the students at Petraka find this grounds for socially banning her? And that cliffhanger... Was anyone expecting that?

And that cliffhanger... Was anyone expecting that? Okay, to continue our game, let's pick another character. What do you think Connor is hiding?

Okay, to continue our game, let's pick another character. What do you think Connor is hiding? Thanks for playing along and for reading TMI. If you enjoyed it, please consider leaving a vote or a comment (or both). All thoughts are greatly appreciate.

Thanks for playing along and for reading TMI. If you enjoyed it, please consider leaving a vote or a comment (or both). All thoughts are greatly appreciate.





Fourteen


A lot less crazy theories about Connor, so I had to pick a serious winner ðŸ˜…

A lot less crazy theories about Connor, so I had to pick a serious winner ðŸ˜…

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. There were more similar answers but I liked the darkness of this one. Congrats everyone for playing. ðŸ˜

There were more similar answers but I liked the darkness of this one. Congrats everyone for playing. Right, moving on with the story.

Right, moving on with the story. ðŸ§¿

It is a mystery why fear is paralyzing. Fear should be the emotion that drives the human into action, whether it is to flee or face the monster before them.

And yet...

What happens after I see Connor Michaels' name in Donna Jensen's black book of horrors is a blur. The next thing I know, I'm out the window and back on solid grown, suddenly sitting on the edge of a tiny angel statue somewhere deep inside Arlington Cemetery.

I don't remember how I got there. I don't remember climbing the wall between the cemetery and Donna's yard. I don't remember any of the obvious mundane things I've done since seeing Connor's name.

Other things go through my mind, all spinning in a nauseating tornado inside my head. I must have run because it's so hard to breathe. My chest heaves, my body trembles and my eyes sting.

The vulture with the crimson beak, Ray Payne's pasty ass, the devious smirk on Donna's face when she decided to drive a knife in her own mother's back. Yuri Ono's smiling face. Connor's name.

The bird, the blood, the backstabber. The dirty sex, the missing one, the betrayal.

Breathing becomes even harder until I'm wheezing. My hands shake with the need to pick up my phone and text Connor. Call him every name in the book for associating with this monster. How could he?

I can't do it. The little part of me that's still sane realizes I shouldn't know this, that Connor will catch on and become more dangerous than he already is.

Or maybe he's a victim. He hasn't texted me in a while. Maybe, just like Yuri Ono, no one will ever see him again. Because Donna lives next to a fucking cemetery so how hard could it be for her to get rid of a body?

I'm shaking again, but with fear this time. I can't afford fear, I'm the one who should be the stuff of people's nightmares. Who cares about Donna? She's just sick and has a fetish for creepy stuffed animals.

I can still see that grinning fox staring at me, its jagged teeth crooked and unnatural. Why make it so unnatural when the birds were so well preserved?

I need to get out of that graveyard before more stupid thoughts take over me and turn regular things into terrifying monstrosities.



My phone vibrates and I jump a mile. It's a text from Marisa. I promised I'd let her know how it went. I can't. I don't think I can speak anymore. Instead, I send her the photos and a small text telling her we'll talk tomorrow.

Then I hightail it out of there.

ðŸ§¿

Thank God it's Saturday.

I wake up late to sunlight drifting through my window. A breakfast tray is already on my nightstand so I take this to mean my parents are out for the day, probably playing golf and kissing ass. Never mind that they birthed a child who might at some point need them. Nothing's more important than climbing that social ladder.

My night was brutal, plagued by nightmares of carrion vultures picking Connor up and taking him away and a fox with Donna Jensen's eyes feasting off Yuri Ono's corpse.

The memory still makes me shudder, but the sunlight and the food help. It's a lot harder to chicken out when it's sunny.

So I sit up and munch on my breakfast, my mind finally doing what it should have done last night: try and figure out what to do with this information.

Yes, it's creepy and disturbing and I try to convince myself it was only natural to freak out when I was sitting in a fucking cemetery. But it's valuable information. I now know Donna Jensen can be milked for so much more. What I have could put her away forever. Either in a collage abroad or the loony bin. I should be happy.

I'm just freaked out. If that's what this one is hiding, what about the rest? I know Rosie is capable of murder, but I honestly expected the others to be much more tame.

I ponder on this as I much on a buttery croissant, trying to anticipate what the rest of the golden circle is hiding. But as much as I try to come up with the most ludicrous theories, one thing keeps coming to the forefront of my mind.

Connor Michaels.

Where is he? Maybe I should text him.

I pick up my phone and am instantly distracted by the many messages and missed calls. They're all from Marisa except for one message from my mother, asking me where I am. That was sent last night while I was moping in the cemetery.

Apparently they found me and considered that me returning after midnight wasn't concerning enough to forfeit their brunch plans in favor of parenting. It's already past noon.

Marisa's messages are mostly a string of questions regarding what had happened the previous night and if I was alright. After I sent her the material, there was just one more.

Tell me when we can see each other .

Tell me when we can see each other . I see no point not calling her over since I'm alone, so I do just that and focus on finishing breakfast and dressing for the occasion. I'm barely done pulling my denim shirt on that I hear the doorbell going off downstairs.

Shit. I don't want my parents knowing I'm supposedly having friends over and my house staff isn't exactly discreet. My mother will be all over my ass to encourage me to get out more. I just managed to shut her up after five months of constant pestering.

I rush down the stairs yelling that I'll get it, and throw myself at the front door. Marisa is there, her eyebrows raised, obviously having heard me bellowing like a mad woman.



"Um, hi," she says, eyeing me up and down.

"Get in," I hiss, basically pushing her up the stairs without even giving her the chance to take her shoes off.

"Glad to," she mumbles, trotting up. "The less people see me like this, the better." She has a point. She's wearing simple light blue jeans and an off the shoulder sweater in a calming shade of tan which has nothing to do with her usual flowery outfits.

I close the door to my room behind us and finally start regretting calling her over. Yes, she knew where I lived before hand and knows who I am because she's not an idiot, but the way she glances around my room gives me the creeps.

No one has ever been in here except for Erica, and Marisa most certainly doesn't belong.

"What?" I ask, my tone menacing.

"Nothing." Marisa shrugs and focuses her attention on me. "I guess I'm just surprised your walls aren't all black and with murder plans on the walls."

"Hardy har. Stick to being smart because you're not funny."

"None of this is funny, Adrienne." She fortunately drops on my desk chair because I would've tossed her out the window if she dared sit on my bed.

I climb into my sanctuary and hug my knees, waiting for her to speak. I haven't reviewed the evidence about Donna and I'm sure that's what she's here about.

"We need to get Connor, and we need to get him now," she says, to my utter shock.

"Are you kidding me? We're too late! He's either dead or on Donna's side."

My very pertinent affirmation shocks Marisa into oblivion and for a few seconds she looks as stupid as she usually pretends to be.

"Damn, I never even thought that was possible, but given Yuri Ono..." She takes out her phone and browses through the photos I sent her, most likely. "But I don't think so..."

"What makes you say that?"

She waves her phone at me as if the answer is there. "Because he's the only one she hasn't had sex with. I think she's just preparing his entry."

A wave of relief washes over me for some reason. It's annoying because I definitely don't care who Connor sticks it in. "He hasn't texted me in a while."

"Have you texted him and he hasn't answered?"

"No." Because why would I? He's an annoying dick.

She looks so patronizing as she says, "Maybe you should give it a try."

"Maybe he's already dead." Easier to compute than actually having to text him first.

"You sound like you're hoping for that." Marisa looks somewhere between amused and exasperated. "Look, none of the other people in that notebook are dead or missing or anything. Yuri Ono is an exception."

I really need to study the evidence I've gathered because I'm more than a little curious who the other people in the notebook are and what became of them after their encounter with the black widow or whatever spider ate its mate. Or were those mantises?



"But back to Connor," Marisa says, all business. "We need to get to him before Donna does and let him know he's her next target."

When she puts it like that I'm half tempted to let Donna get Connor, just to see what happens. Maybe they'll end up destroying each other and then that's two problems solved.

But that would leave us with no way to get dirt on the boys. I don't feel like spying outside their houses, especially since some of them live in apartment buildings with a lot of floors.

"Okay, I'll text him," I mumble.

She squints at me. Fucking squints like she has the upper hand or something.

"Did you read this stuff?"

"What do you think?" I snap back.

Marisa doesn't answer, just looks around my room some more, as if my pristine light blue walls hold the answer. "I think that you didn't. That you behaved like a normal human being and was too freaked out to read that shit after what you went through."

I clench my fists, hating that she's right. "Maybe I did read it."

"Your claims about Connor prove you haven't."

"Shut up."

"Why do you always have to get like this? You don't have to do everything alone. Let people help you. If this doesn't prove you bit off more than you can chew with TMI, I don't know what does."

This bitch can't be serious. Is she really insinuating that I can't handle my own app? My own plan? That she's become so necessary, I couldn't handle myself without her?

"Get out," I growl.

"Stop being a brat."

I get to my feet, my hands balled into fists, my teeth bared. "I said, get out. Or are you too stupid to compute that, valedictorian?"

She stands too, with slow, careful movements, and since she has at least two inches on me, it's a lot more impressive.

"Is this how you want it to be?"

"Yes. I've had it with you and your presumptuousness and prissiness."

"I'm too deep in for you to throw me out, Adrienne."

"You'll let yourself out if you know what's good for you."

She raises an eyebrow and she's the perfect image of disdain. "If I know what's good for me? What are you going to do? Confirm the rumor about me and Davey?"

She knows I don't know that one so she's delivered the perfect kick to the gut. I take a step towards her.

"I have better things. Like how you're going to steal valedictorian from Rosie. Or how you talk shit with Miranda behind their backs."

"You're forgetting what I know. I can blow your whole operation open."

"And how are you going to do that? Only I have access to TMI and can confirm or deny rumors. You know, that app everyone believes? You've painted yourself out to be dumb, Marisa, remember ? Who's going to believe you? And who's going to believe that I , out of all people, am capable of something like this?"

everyone remember I

I have her. The anger in her eyes proves that she knows I have her. She's not an idiot. And the fact that both of us are pretending to be one has turned against her.

The anger is still there as she walks to me and puts her hands on my shoulders. My skin tingles with the contact and my head spins. She leans over me and for a mad second I'm convinced she's going to kiss me.

She does no such thing, just leans a little lower and whispers, "You don't have to do everything yourself. You can have friends. You can trust people."

"You've just threatened me!"

"You threatened me first! And I'm sick of your wishy washy ways and how you can't have a normal human interaction. I thought you were doing so much better. This isn't a damn powerplay, Adrienne. We're on the same side!"

My head keeps spinning and I really wish she would let me go. Her perfume is making me dizzy, as does the heat of her skin.

"I don't want to work against you," Marisa whispers. "So don't make me."

"Fine!" The word is out before I can control it, but anything to get her away from me at the moment.

She steps back, her eyebrows locked in a stoic expression, as if we've signed some kind of pact.

"This is heavy stuff," she says. "Donna is obviously a psycho with real issues and an evil heart to that. We need to be together, help each other out. God knows what we'll find in this cesspool."

She has a point there. It would be so much easier to trust her. But I can't. I can't trust anybody. And yet, if I want to always have the upper hand on her, I have to act like I do. I don't have to trust her to work with her.

"Yes, that's true," I say. "Sorry. It was just brutal last night."

"Of course it was."

"And I didn't get to check out the evidence except for that stupid video."

"Who was that? Looked much older than her."

was I laugh bitterly. Right, Marisa doesn't know exactly how fucked the situation is. His ass was the star of the show after all. "That's Ray Payne. Her mother's fiancee."

Marisa swears in Spanish under her breath, but I don't let her contemplate this for long.

"What about the men in the notebook? Except for Ray, Yuri and Connor, I didn't have time to see if anyone is familiar."

"A few teachers, a few students, a lot of people we don't know but are definitely worth investigating. I browsed, too."

Amateur. "What do you think the scores mean? Because I doubt Yuri Ono was a sex god."

"Me too," Marisa says unexpectedly. "But now that you told me about Ray Payne, I have this nagging feeling in the back of my mind, like a theory forming. I'll let you know once I have something definitive."

I squinted at her. "How do you know Yuri wasn't hung like a horse or something?"

She giggles. "We were partners for a project a few years back. He was a smart kid, but I have this mild suspicion that he wasn't into sex at all. At least not into girls."

I blink in surprise. "That makes no sense. Unless Donna is lying."

"That's always a possibility. Though why would she lie to herself?"

A very good point. I try to piece this together as Marisa heads for the door.

"I'll leave you to it for the day. Please talk to Connor as soon as possible. He's the only way I see into the boys' inner circle and I don't want that witch to sink her claws into him first."

I nod mechanically because I agree. I wouldn't want that either. So as she leaves my room, I pick up the phone and take a deep breath.

It's time for this cat to come out of the bag.

Let's just hope it won't send him away screaming.





ðŸ§¿

We have a chapter. We almost didn't . You can thank -melodious for that because her comments on the last chapter right on the eve of this one gave me the motivation I needed to get the chapter done.

We have a chapter. We almost didn't . You can thank -melodious -melodious for that because her comments on the last chapter right on the eve of this one gave me the motivation I needed to get the chapter done. For this chapter's question, what do you think the rumor about Marisa and Davey Postvam actually is?

For this chapter's question, what do you think the rumor about Marisa and Davey Postvam actually is? All thoughts are welcomed and don't forget to leave a vote if you enjoyed reading this chapter .

All thoughts are welcomed and don't forget to leave a vote if you enjoyed reading this chapter .





Fifteen


Things got real in the previous comment section. ðŸ˜… Just goes to show how much people trust me not to be awful. Congrats , you're getting to know me.

Things got real in the previous comment section. ðŸ˜… Just goes to show how much people trust me not to be awful. Congrats , you're getting to know me.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Thanks for playing.



Thanks for playing. ðŸ§¿

ðŸ§¿ There is no logical explanation for which nerves twist your stomach. There is no logical explanation for the nerves themselves when you have everything planned.

I don't, not really. I text Connor first and ask him how he's been doing. Disappointingly enough, he answers, which proves Donna Jensen hasn't devoured him during a failed sex act.

I'm not one for small talk, so after exchanging brief information about his week and my made-up week, I get to the point. I want to see him and I'll meet him at Petraka.

His answer is of course cutesy, asking me if I want to climb into the wolf's mouth willingly.

He has no idea.

So now, as I lean against Connor's locker, surveying the flowing crowd of Petraka, my stomach keeps churning. It makes no sense. I haven't eaten anything and I know what I have to do.

He's not that complicated, I can predict what he'll do with almost mathematical precision. He'll be shocked, then suspicious, then question me. Then, he'll play hard to get and look down upon me from his moral high horse. And that's when I'll use my advantage, the proof that Donna is targeting him.

The crowd is still a lot quieter than usual. A few small rumors have been introduced into TMI's platform, but they all concern inconsequential people. I'm not going down a tier. I'm still out to destroy what's left of tier three. And maybe, just maybe, find something out about tier two that would allow me to strike the golden circle.

Not in a huge hurry there. I still need to get dirt on everyone, and unfortunately I'm at three people out of ten. Marisa has a point about needing Connor. She could help me with dirt on Davey Postvam, but everyone else is pretty much out of reach.

The golden circle drifts through the masses of people like they're nothing, laughing to themselves, heads held high. They are above everything and everyone, especially Rosie and her blonde and pink highlights.

Rod is next to her, that stupid smirk on his thin lips. Davey's all glamour and indifference while the other three are giggling like a bunch of old maids over tea and scones. They're disgusting.

Ava and Lexi are talking, leaving Miranda and Donna to share space on the hallway. The sight of Donna makes me shudder and I can't get past the fact that I've seen her naked, giving her step father a blow job. How can she go out into society? Someone should seriously lock her up.



As usual, no one pays me any mind. I'm nothing but another emo kid in a sea of confused teenagers trying to find themselves. Their admiration for the golden circle, their confusion, it makes me slightly nauseous.

I turn away from the crowd and lean my forehead against the cold metal of Connor's locker. I close my eyes and strain my hearing.

"She's so fiiineeee." Lucas' voice drifts to me, the trace of a laugh in it.

"I guess, if you're into big tits," Martin replies, as disdainful as always.

"Who isn't?" Antoine laughs and I frown.

They're pigs, no surprise there. But those pigs are supposedly in relationships with other members of the golden circle. Do Ava, Miranda and Lexi know they talk like that about other girls? Well, not that Miranda would care since her fantasy is to snag Ava's boyfriend, but still.

Silence sets after they pass, the crowd following them out. I linger next to the locker, twisting the knob absently. For a moment, I wonder what Conner has in there, but it's probably books or something equally boring. Then I wonder where he is. I didn't exactly tell him where to meet me, but I supposed he'd drop by his locker first to leave his books.

A loud bang startles me and I turn around just to find myself caught between Connor's arms. He'd approached with the stealth of a ninja and trapped me. His eyes glow with satisfaction and his smell engulfs me.

I'm not scared of him, I know what I have to do, and yet my heart thumps in an unwarranted fight or flight reaction.

"Finally caught you, mystery girl." He leans in even closer and my body catches fire. What the hell does he think he's doing? Does he want to crush me to death or something?

My surprise is shortlived, followed by a morbid fascination regarding what he's going to do now. He seems content enough with hogging my personal space and fixing me with that intense gaze.

I want that dumb smirk off his face.

Fighting my impulse to kick him in the groin, or whip my Swiss army knife out at him, I just sigh and take my hood off.

"Hello, Connor."

His eyes widen and the self-satisfied smile slides off his face. It takes him one full second to push himself away from me. The air is so much colder and it clears my head.

"Oh," he says, seeming a bit disappointed. "Hello, Adrienne."

I narrow my eyes. "You don't seem too surprised."

He's silent for a moment, as if trying to determine if I'm not actually someone else. "I'm a bit at a loss, really. I wasn't expecting this."

Of course you weren't , you simpleton. I just shrug instead.

Of course you weren't , you simpleton. "Hope you're not disappointed."

"Not exactly."

What the hell is that supposed to mean? But I don't say it out loud. I'm still fluctuating between my two personalities, because I'm not sure how honest I should be with him.

What the hell is that supposed to mean? "Why did you reveal yourself?" he asks, finally getting to the point.

"I thought we were becoming friends, and friends don't lie to each other."



He squints like he sees through my bullshit, but I give him nothing in return. "Friends? How much of what I know about you is a lie?"

"Nothing," I lie. "I just didn't tell you I pay visits to Petraka."

"Why?"

"Because you were a stranger."

"No. Why do you pay visits to Petraka?"

He's not an idiot and he still suspects me of being behind TMI. Not that it matters now since I'm going to tell him anyway. I push myself off the lockers and gesture for him to follow me. He fortunately does without protest and I lead him through the maze of corridors, towards the chemistry lab.

This part of the school is always quiet, especially after class, and it's the only corridor where there are no cameras, leaving the innocent without protection. It's a bullying hotspot so most people avoid it as much as possible.

I stop halfway down the hall. The place and the memories that come with it give me the creeps.

Connor is unaffected and his devil-may-care attitude grounds me. For some weird reason, I feel safe with him.

"Why are we skulking? Or is that what you do around here exclusively?"

I want to step on his foot, but I need to control myself. I hate needing people, trusting people. I hate people.

"Not exactly." I sigh deeply. "I need your help, Connor."

This phases him and I realize he might have a thing for damsels in distress. I hate damsels, but sure. I can be one as easily as I can be dumb.

"You need my help with what?"

I hoped he'd agree before asking, but I really need to get used to the fact that he's not an idiot. The trouble is, I'm not sure how much I want to tell him, where to begin, how to explain TMI.

"The golden circle..." I bite my lip. "You know who I'm talking about, I'm sure. You do go here after all. They're evil people harboring secrets, hurting others--"

"This is about TMI, isn't it?"

I still want to thump him, but I nod instead. "TMI is a necessity in this school."

"I don't agree."

I know you don't agree, you narrow minded douche nugget.

I know you don't agree, you narrow minded douche nugget. "It keeps everyone in check, especially the golden circle."

"It keeps no one in check. It just exposes them." He crosses his arms over his chest. "Besides, the golden circle, as you call them, all support TMI."

"Because it suits them at the moment."

"So what? You're planning to expose them?"

"Yes, that's exactly what I'm planning to do."

"So you are behind TMI."

are I grit my teeth. I hate him. I want his brain to fry from all that thinking. I want to get something on him and destroy him when all this is over.

"Obviously."

He lets out a laugh and turns away from me. I watch him pacing, wondering if I screwed everything up by telling him the truth. If I did, if he tells... No one would believe him and I'll take him out.

No one would believe him and I'll take him out. "Why?" He stops and fixes me with an intense gaze, his hands clasped behind his back.

"Why what?"

"Why did you start TMI? And how did you do it while we're at it?"

"I'm not going to tell you that if you don't agree to help."



"I'm not going to help you with something I don't believe in."

"Have you ever heard of Audrey Hart?"

Marisa's voice, as well as her words, send me into a crippling fit of anxiety. I lean my hand against the wall and shut my ears off.

Marisa is walking towards us and her lips are moving, but I refuse to hear, to listen. I know what she's saying and I don't want to face it again. Connor's eyebrows draw close to each other and he focuses on Marisa. Then his eyebrows raise and he seems thoughtful.

"I know it sounds far fetched, but Adrienne has a point." Marisa waves her hand in my direction. "They are evil people, and a lot of us have suffered at their hand."

"Okay." He glances at me and I'm not sure if it's with interest or pity. "So the girls are wild cats, I figured that out on my own. But who hurt you ?"

you Silence is so loud, it pulsates against my eardrums. Marisa hesitates, then suddenly raises her chin as if she's proud. That look is really odd on her school face.

"Davey Postvam."

Connor purses his lips. "Huh. Didn't see that one coming. He seems the most levelheaded of the bunch."

"They all hide it very well. And they don't deserve to get away with it. Not when they'll probably end up ruling this country."

His eyes narrow as he considers Marisa's words. She has a knack for public speaking. Would I have been able to pull this through if she hadn't intervened?

"Okay, I get why she wants to do this." He nods towards me like I'm some sort of bug. "And I get what drives you, but why me?"

"Because you're almost in," I say, pushing myself off the wall ready to make this entire operation mine again. "Because you have access to the guys. And because you're a target."

His attention leaves Marisa and turns to me. I feel a weird satisfaction at this. He's intrigued and it's obvious he likes a good game. For some reason, that makes me like him a bit more.

"A target?"

"Oh yes." I can totally be overdramatic to get his attention. "Donna Jensen is planning to get her hands on you and devour you during some deprived sex act."

His lips quirk and he looks seconds away from laughing. "That might not be such a horrible way to go."

The need for drama seeps out of me and his words disgust me. The back of my throat feels clogged.

"You don't want to go there," Marisa whispers.

"What wrong with her?" Connor asks, his eyes still on me.

"I'm right here!"

"We're not full of crap," Marisa says. "Our information comes from a sure source. And you would be entry number 37 for her. How does that feel?"

His smirk slips off his face, and once again he seems to be calculating something. "What about you? This is hardly the Marisa I've come to know."

I huff. "She's a lot smarter than she lets on."

"Like you, I'm guessing," he retaliates. Then he studies us for a few moments. "I can't believe this. I feel like I've walked into a conspiracy. And I'm sorry, but I can't take this as seriously as you."

That's because they haven't attacked him. Haven't hurt him. Yet.

"That could be a good thing," Marisa says quickly. "It could help you keep a clear head. Adrienne and I are both emotionally involved. You're not."

"I think TMI is bullshit."

"I think you're bullshit."

Marisa steps on my foot and crosses her arms over her chest. "Sometimes people need to learn the hard way that their actions have consequences. That they can't just go around stepping on people. No one should be above the others."

Connor mirrors her pose. "So you want to punish bullying by bullying."

"No," I say. "We want people to own up and take responsibility for what they do. No more secrets, no more lying."

He looks at me, his eyelids half dropped as if he's bored out of his mind. "This coming from two liars?"

Marisa shrugs. "Sometimes the end justifies the means."

"And who are you to decide that?"

I want to kick him. Kick him in the nuts and have him squirming at my feet.

"If you want me to help you, you need to own up to what you're doing. Seeking revenge and trying to put a nice party dress on it."

"I don't--"

Marisa throws her hand out and hits me in the chest before I can tell him to go fuck himself.

"Yes, it's also about revenge. But it's revenge that could serve as a cautionary tale for a lot of people."

He gazes from one to the other, as if he has the power to decide or fate. What annoys me is that I don't have a plan B in case he says no and walks away with the knowledge. I have nothing on him to keep him quiet. He could cause a lot of trouble if he started blabbing.

Finally, after what feels like years, he turns to me, that annoying smirk back on his face. "I'll do it. I'll feed you information and help you with your revenge, on one condition." He doesn't even wait for us to ask. "You're hiding something. And by the time all this is over, I want to know everything about you."

"Hell no! Go hound Marisa for that."

He shakes his head. "I figured Marisa out. She's in pain, disappointed, much smarter. Doing her best to survive because she has bigger plans once shitty high school is over. It's personal for her, but she's doing this on principle. To know she didn't squander a chance. But you? Yes, revenge, but then what?"

I bristle and hiss like an angry cat. I haven't thought that far and I don't even want to because I have so much left to go. I can't look past my objective, not yet. And he can't have my secrets.

"You claim TMI is about honesty and responsibility," he continues. "Are you telling me you're a hypocrite?"

If I had the power to snap my fingers and kill him, I would. Does that make me as sick as Donna? The thought brings bile to my mouth and my muscles ache with the effort to keep me still.

"Of course not," I say between my teeth. I've thought about this so many times, the pros and cons. And giving him my word doesn't force me to do anything. "You're on. But you have to let it come naturally."

He grins and nods like he won something. He only got an empty promise I'm never going keep.

"So what now?" he asks.

Marisa checks her watch. "I need to go right now and I'd honestly rather we all get together later. I don't want us to be seen together in here. For now, hang around the guys in the golden circle and try getting some dirt on them."

"We can meet later tonight across the street from Marisa's place," I supply.

She doesn't seem happy with the arrangements but nods. "Adrienne will text you my address and phone number so we can keep in touch." And just like that, she waltzes away.

I don't want to be left alone with Connor right now, so I give Marisa a thirty second lead before I follow. She's right, we shouldn't be seen together.

Fortunately, Connor gets the hint and doesn't follow. I'm out of school and half way across the parking lot when I can finally breathe again properly. I really need to think. I need my room and my notebooks and my charts.

I need space.

As if to deny me, my phone chimes.

It's Connor.

I want to meet you alone before Marisa joins us.

I want to meet you alone before Marisa joins us. ðŸ§¿

No question this round. Just enjoy the story and don't forget to vote and comment if you're enjoying.

No question this round. Just enjoy the story and don't forget to vote and comment if you're enjoying.





Sixteen


It's the story's sweet sixteen! Let's celebrate it in style with a chapter meant to set the scene for future stalking and more creepy secrets being revealed, shall we?

It's the story's sweet sixteen! Let's celebrate it in style with a chapter meant to set the scene for future stalking and more creepy secrets being revealed, shall we? ðŸ§¿

Annoyance is another feeling that has no apparent evolutionary purpose. All it does is tear apart members of the same species who should stick together for their own survival. Animals know better. They only growl if they perceive something as threatening.

I'm perceiving Connor as threatening. And annoying. Which are two entirely separate feelings as far as I'm concerned. There is a sense of danger, but there is also curiosity.

I text him the address of the house across the street from Marisa's. I've been surveying it for a while now and I know it belongs to a couple of Indian diplomats who go on three to four month long missions. As it is, they've just left, so the place is empty. I know where they keep the spare key and I've also learned the code to their alarm.

I could go in if I wanted to. It could be our base of operation. I'm not sure I want to, though. Not sure I want a place that would be mine and Marisa's. And now Connor's.

Connor texts me back saying he wants to meet me a half an hour early. He's not even considerate enough to ask if I'm available, as if my entire life revolves around this revenge plan. It does, but he doesn't know that and I don't want him to assume it.

However, I agree. I know I'm skating on thin ice with him, that he only agreed for now and could always change his mind. He's a wild card with too much information and I need to find a way to tame him, keep him in check. Under control. I need control.

I put a lot of thought into my appearance now. Since no one from Petraka lives near enough to Marisa to spot us, I renounce my dark stalker clothes and put on a pair of army print cargos, a black turtleneck and brown parka I haven't worn in years. It all but swallows me, but it also gives me a sense of safety.

As I pull it on, my mind turns over Conner's motivation. Why ask to talk to me alone when he's part of a three people team? Half an hour is hardly enough time for him to kill me and hide the body, especially with Marisa so close. Maybe he wants to finish us off separately.

Why would he do that? He has no interest to hurt us. Unless he's hiding something awful and he wants to make sure we don't discover his dirty secret. In the world we live in of cutthroat politicians and press scandals, this is entirely too possible. My hands start shaking again and I hate myself for it. I'm not defenseless. I have pepper spray and my Swiss army knife with me. And if he tries anything, I know I run fast.

Why would he do that? At the same time, I don't feel like I should be avoiding this. He might have something else to say, something useful to present. So I set off. My legs are annoyingly unsteady and I grit my teeth to force my body to work properly. I should really take up some fighting classes, though fat chance I'd be able to fight off Mr. MMA.

The closer I get to Marisa's place, the faster my heart beats. As I'm almost there, I take my phone out. No one knows where I am, and in case I'm right and Connor has devious plans, I need to cast out a warning. So I send a single text to Marisa.

Be careful. Come prepared.

Be careful. Come prepared. I don't expect her to answer. She's probably buried in homework, her phone long forgotten under some notebook. But it's the least I can do. For some reason, I don't want her to get hurt, even if I technically won't care anymore if Connor ends up killing me.

He's not there yet, so I take a seat on the front steps of the diplomats' house and wait. My stomach twists with uncomfortable nerves and I glance across the street, towards Marisa's window, trying to catch a glimpse of her. The thought that she is so close offers some comfort. I wonder if she'd hear me if I screamed. If anyone would, given how far apart the houses are in this part of the neighborhood.



The sound of footsteps makes me jump and I turn to the left and watch Connor approaching, wearing faded jeans, sneakers and a worn-out leather jacket. This time, he's coming from the direction of his actual house. Maybe he will decide to also stop hiding. I can lull him into a false sense of security. I mean how hard could it be?

He doesn't seem threatening with his hands stuck in his pockets, dragging his feet a bit like he's also afraid to face me. I scoot over the tiniest bit to make room on the step. He takes the invitation and sits next to me.

The warmth of his body messes with my mind, but I fight my instinct to pull further away. We're not touching and I don't want him to know he has the power to make me uncomfortable.

"Hey," he says, but doesn't look at me. His grey eyes take in the house across the street, as if waiting to see Marisa.

I feel like elbowing him in the ribs, but don't. "Hey. Why did you want to meet me?"

"Thanks for coming."

Ugh, cut the small talk. But I wait, raising my eyebrows in question.

Ugh, cut the small talk. "You look much better in regular, colored clothes," he says, not heeding my inner plea. "Black makes you look a little unhinged."

"Gee, thanks." Asshole.

Asshole. He finally turns to me, still pensive, still focused elsewhere. "Should we be sitting here?"

"There's no one home," I say. "Nor will they be for the next few months. Diplomats."

"How do you even know that?"

"I observe. Pay attention." Plus, I know this neighborhood like the back of my hand. I have a mental map of the best ways to get to a lot of houses, especially Petraka royalty. I even know my way to his, but I don't let him know that. It would be dangerous to start stalking him now.

He just hums, though I can read the "stalker" on his face. Maybe I am a stalker. My problem, not his.

"Something doesn't click," he finally says.

My stomach takes a plunge. "Like what?"

"What Marisa said about your motivation. Yes, bullying is awful, but what exactly happened to Audrey? I haven't seen her in school and no one wants to talk about it."

A loud ringing fills my ears and my eyes widen. Connor is drinking me in, his gaze taking in every feature, and I'm just paralyzed. His face becomes blurry until it disappears from view.

There's nothing but blackness.

Then it comes.

The blood on the tiles. The shaky, unresponsive legs. The breeze of cold air. Darkness, the fall. The crumpled mess of the useless body.

Bloody tiles, shaky legs, cold air, darkness, death.

Bloody tiles, shaky legs, cold air, darkness, death.

"Bloody tiles, shaky legs, cold air, darkness, death." The words wheeze between my lips, cracking and cutting them on their way out, like a mantra of misery.

So powerful. Always more powerful than I am.

It doesn't disappear, the darkness. It's there, surrounding me. I can feel the breeze on my face. I can see the blood.

The image shakes and turns. I want to push myself back together, but I can't. I never can, which is why I never mention Audrey. I'm never strong enough to avoid the breakdown, to push myself out of it. I have no choice but to wait for it to pass on it's own, to...



My shoulders hurt, my bones seem on the edge of cracking. The pain breaks through the darkness and jagged lines let the light in. I see grey. Grey eyes, close to blue, staring at me from a worried face. The blackness recedes and the street comes into view.

Connor is quiet, waiting, as if telling I'm not all there yet. I appreciate the silence, the chance to pull myself together. His hands are still on my shoulders, squeezing, grounding me to reality. A reality that, as crappy as it is, is always better than my nightmares.

I take deep breaths and shut and open my eyes repeatedly, just to make sure it's really gone, that I'm really actually here with this guy grasping me, squatting in front of me.

"You were there," he whispers.

It's not a question so I don't bother answering. It's obvious. So, so obvious.

"She did it," I mutter, my voice croaky. "Rosie. Rosie helped by her posse. I can't let them get away with it."

He pulls back and stands. I raise my eyes to him, expecting to see confusing, maybe disgust. Expecting him to trash TMI some more and act like this isn't justified.

"Was there a police investigation?"

I let out a bitter laugh. It hurts my clogged throat. "Against Senator Geld's daughter? Are you kidding?"

He rummages on the news while I continue taking deep breaths and force my blood pressure to go down. At least I hope that's what I'm doing.

"So you're some sort of vigilante then?"

I never thought of it like that. More like a wraith, haunting, terrifying and unseen.

"Someone has to do it. And no one dared before." Cowards. They'd rather pile on admiration on a bunch of sick, twisted individuals just because they'll one they rule the world rather than smother them while they still have the chance.

"That makes sense," he mumbles.

Anger shoots through me so fast my head hurts. The asshole is still judging me, acting like I have to make sense to him to be legitimate. How dare he?

him dare His stupid face suddenly falls slack, the cold calculation leaving it. Then, out of the blue, he blurts it out.

"Lucas Brandt is gay."

I blink. The anger disappears like it's never been there. He's joking. There's no way.

"He's Lexi's boyfriend, you do know that."

Connor shakes his head. "It's all for show, just to hide it."

I ponder on this, trying to put together all the information I have on Lucas, on Lexi. She gushes about him all the time, telling tales about how he's the best boyfriend in the world. Now that I think about it, it does sound too perfect, because I know she's not exaggerating. I've seen him surprising her at school with lavish flower arrangements and jewelry.

He's stinking rich and she's an impressionable teenage girl, daughter of the biggest rising star politics has seen in decades. All the other impressionable teenage girls at Petraka envy Lexi, her perfect family, and her perfect relationship.

I can't help but huff. Perfect indeed. If it's true.

Because there's one other thing about Lucas. He's a hardcore homophobe coming from a highly conservative family. His parents have been lobbying against gay right ever since they got elected into Congress. Lucas is actively bullying and scoffing at the entire LGBT community.

I've also just heard him fawning over large breasts today.

This would be too good.

"How do you know?"

Connor crosses his arms over his chest. "He tries too hard. That's the first thing that made me suspect him. He's supposedly in this perfect relationship and yet he keeps drooling over other women. And not in a player sort of way. Just... Desperate."

"We'll need more more proof than that." And he should be smart enough to know this, even if it's a good start.

"I know. And I'll get it. It bugs the shit out of me that he's so virulent against gay people. Too virulent, if you know what I mean."

Too I totally do. He's the main reason I was quick to dismiss the rumor against Erica. I knew that Lucas would destroy her.

The news is juicy, but what it actually means doesn't escape me. "So you're in."

He hesitates, like he doesn't want to give me too much power. He knows why I'm asking again, that his first pledge wasn't enough with the lack of personal motivation.

"Yes," he says, his voice shaky. "Because after today's talk, I tried to see them from your perspective. They're hiding things. They're not good people. And I want to find out what those things are."

I grin. Finally. Now he has his own reasons. I can tell there's something he's not telling me, that his determination truly stems from his own dirty secret, from whatever it is he's hiding for me, but I take it. We're all driven by our secrets here.

He gives me a lingering look. "And for Audrey," he adds.

I wince, but stay focused. My first impulse is to slap her name off his lips, but I let it slide. I'm doing this for Audrey too, so having someone else want vengeance in her name is not a bad thing.

It's time.

As I stand, I see Marisa coming out of her house in her out-of-school uniform of normal jeans and sweater, looking a million times more beautiful than in those showy outfits.

I head around the house for the key and I know they'll follow me. They'll protest for five seconds, say this is breaking and entering even if I have the damn key and the code to the alarm, but they'll come in.

And once they do, this would be our base of operation.

Our revenge is ready to start.

ðŸ§¿

Thanks so much for reading. Don't forget to leave your thoughts or a vote if you enjoyed this chapter.

Thanks so much for reading. Don't forget to leave your thoughts or a vote if you enjoyed this chapter. I need to do a bit of planning before I continue the story, so the updates will be moved to once every two weeks.

I need to do a bit of planning before I continue the story, so the updates will be moved to once every two weeks. Another reason for this is that I want to focus on my other project as well and I apparently lack time to write for both. So, until the end of the year when I'll definitely get some more time (two weeks winter break y'all!) I'll be cutting down.

Another reason for this is that I want to focus on my other project as well and I apparently lack time to write for both. So, until the end of the year when I'll definitely get some more time (two weeks winter break y'all!) I'll be cutting down. Thanks for your support!

Thanks for your support!





Seventeen


There are moments in life that, after a huge build up and anticipation, just fall flat. You plan, you prepare, you perform, and the payout is a lot less than you've invested.

My master plan to bring down the golden circle is not moving at all.

Waiting twists my stomach, like it's some giant coiling snake, constricting what's left of my sanity, squeezing it into nothingness and leaving behind tender wisps of despair.

I thought we would make progress, that we would end it so fast, the three of us. We have nothing more than we had three weeks ago. A place to meet in the Indian diplomats' house, a whiteboard filled with names, and just suppositions.

Even if I secretly hope today would be better, I'm convinced there's no way that happened, not without some miraculous breakthrough. And yet, as I walk towards our base, I stupidly hope for it. For the miracle which I know very well does not exist in my life.

I've been out gathering more information about some poor unfortunate souls in tier three. TMI is getting rumor confirmation requests again, even if nowhere near as many as before, but I swore I'm not going back under tier three. The higher ups still seem frightened out of their minds, so this is the first rumor I've had in a long while that I'm actually interested in.

Mindy Freeman and her love for her best friend's father.

I would normally relish the scandal, but it hits a little too close to home after the whole Donna Jensen incident. I want nothing to remind me of her. Even watching her walk by on the hallways at Petraka makes me sick to my stomach. A visceral reaction to the passing of the devil.

But I can't retire TMI either, so I sucked it up and went on an evidence hunt. Luckily, what I found is nowhere near as twisted as the Donna incident.

Mindy has a schoolgirl crush on her best friend's admittedly hot dad, but that man rightfully blew her off and told her to grow up. She ran away crying, embarrassed by his rejection. Perfect material to ruin a friendship and teach an entitled little girl a lesson. Just because the man is working class and you're the daughter of a politician, it doesn't mean you will get your way.

I just needed to get evidence before confirming the rumor. I won't do it now, I want to be in school and see exactly how Petraka will react to TMI being back after three weeks of silence.

Right now, I need to check on the progress of my teammates. They're a bitter disappointment. The sacrifice I've made letting them in is not paying off at all. The whole point of there being three of us was to make some headway.

They just slow me down with promises that they'll find proof and secrets. Connor didn't find anything conclusive about Lucas and Marisa is still stuck on Miranda and her stupid crush on Martin. We have absolutely nothing on any of the others. Not to mention they're both so busy with homework most of the time.

At least now, as I enter the house across the street from Marisa's through the back door, they're both in the kitchen in front of the whiteboard we've brought in.

The names of our targets head every column and random information is spread out under them. There isn't much. The only people we actually have a decent amount of information on are Miranda and Donna with Martin just as the other half of Miranda's betrayal. Out of the guys, only Martin and Lucas have information under them.

I know Marisa knows something about Davey Postvam, but she's not filling it out, just as I've left the rows under Rosie's name bare. The people who we hate the most will be the last to pay.

"I'm not even sure how to lure him out," Connor is saying as I sneak in.

"Are you sure about it?" Marisa asks.



"Yes. Guys sense these things. And I'm not even friendly enough with any of them yet to ask someone else."

"Maybe that's what you should do."

"Okay, but which one?"

Marisa bites her full lower lip and looks at the whiteboard, the look on her face like she's about to produce blasphemy. "Davey and Rod," she finally says. "They're in a bit of a team of their own while the other three seem to be a lot more tight knit."

I grit my teeth as I realize there's still no progress. "Are you even sure you're not on a wild goose chase?"

They both jump and turn to me. For some unfathomable reason, they're just surprised, not annoyed or ashamed as they should be seeing how useless they are.

"Don't sneak up on us like that," Connor says. He's still afraid the diplomats will show up because he doesn't trust me, which makes him even more useless and annoying.

"How did it go?" Marisa asks instead, always the peacekeeper.

"I got what I needed. Stupid Mindy Freeman actually acted on her crush and got totally blown off. And tomorrow, the entire school will know."

"Huh," Marisa says. "Wouldn't have pegged Mindy as being that bold."

"You should've seen her sense of entitlement, as if the guy owed it to her to succumb to her teenager charms."

"Those girls are reading way too much smut online."

Marisa and I share a giggle at this. I know she's right, I've seen the crap my peers read, especially online. Of course some of the dafter ones will get the sense that real life works like that and that every daddy has a kink for teenage girls. Fortunately, there are still normal people in this world.

"Ew," is Connor's entire input on the matter. He returns to the board, worrying on his lower lip, a deep frown on his face.

"Seriously, Michaels, if you can't confirm this Brandt bullshit, maybe you should move on," I say, my amusement vanishing in an instant.

"I suggested he chums up with Davey and Rod. Maybe they know something," Marisa says with a shrug. I sense her discomfort, but I keep my face as blank as possible. I'm going to pounce at her at some point, but not now.

I drum my fingers on my chin, pretending to consider this. As far as I'm concerned, he should've done this three weeks ago, not keep playing lone ranger, the damn idiot. "That sounds like a good idea."

Connor growls, the sound vibrating from deep in his chest. It's feral and it makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand.

"Got a problem with it, wolf boy?" I ask, just because I don't want to be silent and let him brood. Fuck his brooding because it's doing weird things to me.

"I don't like any of them. And I don't like lying."

"Do you actually go to Petraka because you want to be a politician?" I throw back at him. "Because if you are, you'd better get used to lying. It will become as natural as breathing for you."

He winces. "It doesn't have to be like that. And you're one to talk."

I want to get fired up, but it's definitely not worth the effort. Plus, he's right. I do lie as easily as I breathe. It's an useful skill I've learned at Petraka and it has kept me on top of the food chain so far.

"At least I own up to it, you big baby."

"I wish I could take that in a good way, but your tone won't let me."

I want to bash his head in with the nearest chair, the useless lump. "Anything new?" I ask, turning to Marisa.

"Not really. Miranda is still gushing over her affair with Martin and I'm not going anywhere near Donna. I have started following all of them on Instagram using a fake account. Except for Lexi, they're not exactly active."



Lexi... That bubble head Lexi Kramer with her Asian doll face thinks she's some sort of fashion guru, always starting the silliest trends around Petraka, always making sure the bimbo squadron is up to par with the trends. I have this mild disgust for her. The weirdest things look good on her just because she's pretty, but most of that stuff makes other girls look like they're wearing potato sacks or Frankenstein clothes. The monster, not the doctor.

"Yeah, okay. If there are no news, I'm heading out."

I need to go home and think. It's my fault we're stalling so much. I put my trust in these sub par detectives instead of doing it the old fashion way. By stalking. I just wish I didn't have to. Stalking the golden circle is dangerous. I know for a fact that Rosie Geld has bodyguards outside her house, so there's no way I could get close enough without being seen.

"Okay, we'll talk later," Marisa says.

Connor just growls some more, obviously frustrated, so I just leave him to it and head back out into the street. I've only been in there for five minutes, but we've already been over what we know so many times that I just couldn't stand it again. Waste of time in company I'd rather avoid.

The weather has improved over the past few weeks as the beginning of April has flowers exploding into bloom. A light, warm breeze drives the hair out of my eyes and the sun warms my face. It would be nice if I didn't have this dark perpetual cloud above my head. If we could only move faster, gather more information.

Then what? I have only one damn rumor on tier two. Marisa is supposedly on my side, Yuri Ono has vanished into thin air and Meredith Anderson is my only shot. That is, if the rumor about her doing the PE teacher is true. I was sure it is, but haven't kept an eye on her lately. Maybe I should check.

The thing is, would bringing down just one person out of three be enough? Especially when I know all three of them are hiding something. In Yuri Ono's case, he's hiding entirely.

I sink my hands in the pockets of my cut-up jeans and roll every possibility around my head. How can I get around this? Does anyone even know tier two exists? Marisa did. And the golden circle knows she's hiding something because dumb Davey Postvam was involved. They'll know if I skip her which will completely ruin the algorithm of TMI and maybe even out her as my ally.

This sucks so much! I knew it would get harder the higher I climbed, but this is bordering on ridiculous. What if I won't get enough dirt on them in time? I guess I could always just bring Rosie down.

A car brakes next to me and I almost jump out of my skin. My heart doesn't calm down even after I realize I'm in no immediate danger, and my stomach tightens as well once I realize who's rolling at a leisurely pace next to me.

I stop. The yellow Ferrari pulls over, one inch from running over my toes. The driver's window is already rolled down and Rod Wiseman smirks at me, his pointy chin ready to pop a balloon. He's on the wrong lane, but why would details like that matter to an entitled bastard like him.

"Hello Adrienne," he says, the confidence in his tone making me want to gag.

I glance past him and notice his appendage is not with him. "Left your keeper at home?" I ask.

Now that I think about it, maybe he always has Davey around because he needs someone with a brain to stop him from walking into walls. Him driving on his own must be very dangerous. I should consider myself lucky that he didn't run me over.

He scoffs, obviously trying to keep up his cool front. "David and I aren't joined at the hip, you know."

No, I don't know. They're always together. I want to punch him in the face and run, but somewhere deep down, where my hatred for this waste of space before me can't reach, I realize the opportunity. Just like I chose to be nice to Connor, I could slip under his skin and get dirt on me. After all, the mere fact that he's seeking me out is something damning for him.

don't

So even if I feel like my face is about to crack into a million shards of lies, I smile at him. "Good. It's nice to see you alone from time to time."

His smirk fades and his pale eyes widen the tiniest bit. If I wasn't expecting his surprise, I would've probably missed it. It takes him just a second to shake it off and smile again, but it's a little shaky. I revel internally at my small victory.

"So, what are you up to?" he asks casually.

Taking over the world. "Just going home."

Taking over the world. "Where were you?"

"Just because you have a keeper, doesn't mean I need one." I mean every single syllable of my words, but I keep my tone teasing. I fleetingly wonder if he has a screw driver inside his car. You know, just so I can shove it through his eyeball.

"David is not my keeper." He rolls his eyes in perfect bad boy dramatic fashion. Do any of those hens at school fall for his shit? "Want me to take you home?"

His proposal unbalances me and I really fight to keep the smile on my face. Just the thought of being alone in a tight space with him makes me want to throw up all over his posh car. No way in hell am I subjecting myself to something like that.

"Thanks, but I'd rather walk. It's not far and it's such a lovely day." Plus I secretly want you to choke on your own spit and die .

Plus I secretly want you to choke on your own spit and die "Fair point." He stops the engine and gets out of the car. "Let me walk you, then. I could use some fresh air."

"You're just going to leave your car there?"

"Yeah. Why?"

Because it's on the wrong lane, you dumb fuck.

Because it's on the wrong lane, you dumb fuck. But I can't say the words, too mesmerized by just what the fuck he thinks he's doing. I stand rooted to the sidewalk as he locks his car and joins me. I do not want to walk by Rod freaking Wiseman. I don't want to be anywhere near him, in fact. But the tiniest part of me is curious. As curious as a cat about to snuff it.

the fuck not It's that together with the fact that I can't think of an excuse that keeps me quiet and lets him follow as I start walking again. He's quiet and it's nerve racking. What does he want ?

want "It's nice to see you out walking again," he finally says. His voice is a little shaky, as if he's afraid of me. As he should be, but that's not the vibe I want to be giving out.

"I'm out walking all the time." I sound too dismissive. "Why? Have you kept tabs on me or something?" Now I sound to cutesy. I want to throw up.

"No. I wanted to give you the space you needed."

He needs outer space, but I keep that to myself. "That's considerate," I say instead.

"I wouldn't mind talking to you once in a while."

"About what?" Keep it vague. Don't step on his foot. Don't stab him in the stomach .

Keep it vague. Don't step on his foot. Don't stab him in the stomach "I don't know. Stuff."

God, what a pathetic, useless loser. Can this be considered a dirty secret about him? "You have a lot of friends and a girlfriend. I didn't need you'd want to talk." I'm sure my jaw is going to explode with my effort to keep up that stupid smile.

"Sometimes it gets overbearing, you know? It's good to have someone outside the circle."

He has no idea what overbearing is, the privileged brat. "Everyone wants to be in the circle."

"You don't."

He's right here. I never admired the golden circle or wanted to be a part of it. I give him that one, so my small nod is actually honest.

"And some of us were born in the circle," he adds, which is a lot more interesting. Golden spoon up his ass much?

"I think you're doing a great job, though," I say. "You and Rosie practically run the circle."

His smile is certainly bitter, but he keeps it in place. "You've always been observant." Except it sounds like he's saying the opposite.

Despite my better judgement, I narrow my eyes at him. Have I missed something?

He laughs. "Don't look at me like that. I meant it as a compliment. The world would be a much better place if people weren't with their heads so far up their asses."

Oh my God, who is this person? Can't he realize he's basically describing himself? Not to mention that if people were more aware, I would lose my upper hand on them. I like them stupid.

I nod instead, pretending to ponder over his genius when all I want to know is why he's spewing garbage at me. Could he really be lonely in his ivory tower? Not with Davey and Rosie on his heels. Maybe he suspects and is trying to get information out of me. Fortunately, unlike Connor, he's an idiot.

"That's very true. And deep."

There's no way he's suspicious. He's looking at me like I'm cake. And I want him to stop. He's being so weird. I need advice on how to handle this. Fortunately, I've reached my house and can finally get rid of him.

so "This is me," I say, because dumbing myself down is always the way to go.

"I know," he says with a smirk that further proves he's an idiot and not even funny. The smile slips off his face and he suddenly looks uncomfortable. "Look, I know we haven't spoken in forever, but would it be okay if I texted you sometimes?"

"Rod Wiseman asking for permission?" I really mean that question too.

"You know you're different. You've always been different."

I want to throw up all over again. All over him . But instead I bat my eyelashes and nod at him. I hate texting, but writing gives me more time to think and plot and maybe I can actually get something out of him and figure out just what the hell he wants from me. And once I find his weakness, I will crush him like the bug he is.

him "Cool," he says and, with a too-cool-for-school wave, walks off towards his poorly-parked car.

I hate him. I want him to spontaneously combust, but next to Rosie so that they can both burn. But instead, I just wave back at him and shut the door behind him.

Just what the hell happened?

ðŸ§¿

I managed to pull my shit together and finish the chapter which turned out a bit longer. Sorry for the piss-poor editing. Hope the content makes up for it.

I managed to pull my shit together and finish the chapter which turned out a bit longer. Sorry for the piss-poor editing. Hope the content makes up for it. Just for fun, what do you think Rod wants with Adrienne?

Just for fun, what do you think Rod wants with Adrienne? Thanks so much for reading TMI and don't forget to vote and comment to show support. See you in two weeks. Hopefully.

Thanks so much for reading TMI and don't forget to vote and comment to show support. See you in two weeks. Hopefully.





Eighteen


Before we get started, this chapter reveals the secret of another member of the golden circle, namely Lexi Cramer.

Before we get started, this chapter reveals the secret of another member of the golden circle, namely Lexi Cramer. Take a wild guess what this Instagram queen is up to before I hit you in the face with it.

Take a wild guess what this Instagram queen is up to before I hit you in the face with it. ðŸ§¿

Confusion numbs the senses and opens the mind. Because when you don't understand something, you keep twisting it inside your head until even the craziest theories seem possible. Something that you never fathomed to accept is suddenly the most reasonable explanation.

And yet, I find no reasonable explanation for Rod Wiseman's behavior. There would be the obvious one, that he's on to me and is trying to gather some dirt and expose me, but then, I'd have to also entertain the possibility that he's not a braindead idiot, which is impossible.

Our awkward, stupid interaction keeps playing inside my mind for the following days. Marisa and Connor are of no use, both of them suggesting that he was maybe just trying to be friendly, or, as Connor put it, get in my pants.

There's no way. People like Rod Wiseman are not just nice for the sake of it or want to make conversation with people who can't do anything to advance their career or raise their cool factor. And he's with Rosie. That pig would cut his dick off if she caught him cheating and her paranoia is worse than ever after the incident with Audrey.

No. He wants something, and I can't figure out what.

I raise my binoculars higher, trying to bring my head out of crazy fantasies involving drug rings and turning me into a mule, and focus on the task at hand. It doesn't help that it's hopelessly boring.

Lexi Kramer has been setting up outfits, photographing them, putting them on and photographing herself for the past two hours with hashtags as dumb as #cowgirlsarebackyall. Who can even read that crap? But her Instagram profile is on fire, gathering hundreds of likes and comments for every stupid outfit. She fortunately seems to be done because her short cow-print skirt slides off her slender hips and is replaced by grey sweats out of all things.

She does not bother gathering her clothes, leaving them hanging off the backs of chairs and on the floor, as if she has servants to do it for her. She probably does.

God, she's boring, especially since I'm too far away to hear anything through her cracked window.

I shift on my branch and tighten my knees around it. With spring in full bloom, leaves have filled the trees again, making it a lot easier to hide. I love trees. If I could, I would live in one. The strength, the height, the sense of safety. Perfect places to see and not be seen. I missed the foliage over winter.

Nature is so relaxing, so pure. Always preferable to people. It actually makes this stalking venture pleasant, even if Lexi's house is on the other side of Arlington Cemetery from Donna's.

Her neighborhood is nothing alike, though. Old houses with big yards and gazebos, grills in the back and swimming pools. It doesn't look creepy, deranged. The graveyard looks like a park from this side.

The loud hoarse roar of an old engine cuts through the night and completely ruins my chill. My hands tighten around the binoculars and I grit my teeth. Fortunately, the annoying interruption is good for my plans as Lucas Brandt's old-school Mustang pulls into his girlfriend's drive. Two targets.

Lexi's parents, high-power members of Congress, are at a function, most likely together with my own parents, so in teenage terms, that's an invitation to get laid.

She hears the car and hurries to shake off her embarrassing sweats and slip into her cowgirl short skirt. It doesn't exactly go with her off-the-shoulder crop top, but she's Lexi Kramer, so she'd look incredible in a potato sack. Nature sometime really isn't fair. Her parents, Japanese mom and Hawaiian dad, are pretty average looking, but their combined genes have produced an exotic offspring stunning by any standards. With porcelain skin, black pin-straight hair and black eyes, Lexi is anything but average. Her narrow waist, large breasts and firm, round bottom has everyone falling in love with her.



Or, in my case, be weirdly fascinated by her. Despite what the industry keeps trying to push on us, every human can recognize perfection. Lexi Kramer is just that. And the fact that she has a pleasant voice and outgoing personality makes her even more intriguing.

I'm convinced that, should she have joined another crowd and not the cruel golden circle, she could've been a good person. As it is, she's too much of a jelly fish to stand up to anyone and just molds to mirror whoever her reptilian brain senses is in charge.

Lucas cuts the engine and the night is still again. It takes Lexi only twenty seconds to fly out the door and into his arms.

"Poo bear!" Her words are loud enough to carry up to me.

I scoot further down the branch in hope of getting as close as possible and actually catch some conversation.

Lucas does not look pleased that she just spewed out his embarrassing nickname, even if they're alone. The hug from his end is very short and he basically pushes her away. Lexi pouts and it looks adorable on her, but the tension in his shoulders doesn't ease.

"How you doing?" he asks, his tone mellow and pleasant, as if he doesn't want to show how annoyed he actually is. He looks annoyed so the effort is in vain.

looks "Home alone." She shifts her weight from one leg to the other in a sort of flirty twirl, and even I can tell what she's implying.

"Cool. Wanna watch a movie or something?"

Lexi frowns. I keep in a grin. Connor is proving to be right. There's no way any straight teenage guy would suggest a movie instead of getting it on with his hot girlfriend inside an empty house.

"You don't have to speak in code, Lucas, we're alone," Lexi says, her tone cutting, which gets me thinking that this is maybe not the first time this happened.

"I'm not speaking in code." He sounds so innocent I just want to laugh, though they might hear me so I keep it in.

"Really, Lucas? We're hardly ever alone and now you want to watch a movie ?"

watch a movie He frowns back, the tension between them thick. I wish I had popcorn.

"I didn't take you to be such a whore."

I swear Lexi is literally swelling. I think her eyes will pop out of her head if she doesn't chill. "Whore? You're my boyfriend ! And when's the last time we had sex anyway?"

boyfriend Ah, so they did have sex. She's not a cover. Or at least not aware that she is a cover.

Lucas huffs and waves her away, like she's some annoying horsefly circling his dessert. "We have sex enough. You should be glad I'm not banging you at every corner like--" He cuts off abruptly and I swear under my breath at the loss of perfectly good gossip.

"Like who?" Lexi narrows her eyes. "Like Davey? Or tell me, Lucas, who else is screwing around?"

I don't know how she got that out of the conversation, but this stake out is turning out a lot more productive than I ever hoped.

"That's between us guys."

"Oh yes, sure, the guys. You hang out with the guys, you talk to the guys. I'm always just a second thought. I swear, if you could, you'd sleep with the guys!"

She doesn't even see the backhand coming. I tighten my knees around the branch, anger and hatred coursing through my veins. Even if Lexi is a twat and part of the golden circle, how dare he hit her?

dare "Shut up and know your place," Lucas hisses between his teeth, the sound sharp enough to carry up to me. "Or I'll teach you what it is. Do you think you're something special because people love you on Instagram? Do you think anyone else would even put up with the real you? Be around you? Love you? You're a brainless oaf with nothing but beauty. But you and I both know that will fade. I'm the only one who accepts you the way you are and who will be by your side no matter what. You better keep that in mind before you start mouthing off."



Lexi has tears in her eyes, but she nods. Nods like she can't tell that all the boys in school want her, that all the girls want to be her. But then again, if that jackass keeps telling her she's nothing, it probably started sounding true at some point. Ugh, I can't believe I actually feel sorry for her, but I have a good mind to hit Lucas with Marisa's car.

"I love you," Lucas says, like the manipulative piece of shit he is. Then he hugs Lexi to his chest in a mockery of a protective gesture, and pushes her away. "But I will not stand for you to make me look bad. We're supposed to be lifting each other up. So none of this nagging, alright?"

She nods again, wiping her tears and kisses him when he leans over her. I swear, there's vomit in my mouth. He then gives her a wave, gets into his noisy vintage car and drives away. I watch Lexi, expecting her to explode, to manifest in some way, but she doesn't. The dumb bimbo looks happy . God, what the hell is wrong with her?

happy She disappears inside the house and I think it's about time I got out of there. I need to start tailing Lucas and see if he ends up in a gay bar or something. Not that being gay is embarrassing in itself, but his hypocrisy would end him. Petraka would eat him alive.

I lower myself down from the tree and my boots just hit the ground when the door to the house opens again.

Shit! I stick my back to the trunk, heart beating like a drum. Footsteps sound, but they're leading away from my position. I peek around the tree and spy Lexi. She's back in her grey sweats completed now with a black hoodie similar to mine, except for the giant Versace logo on the back. I was right, that thing is tacky as hell.

Shit! She's whistling, heading for the garage. My interest is peaked by her uncharacteristic outfit and the tiny backpack in her hand. It takes her seconds to exit the shed next to the garage with a shovel.

What the hell?

What the hell? I watch stupefied as she returns to the garage and comes back with a ladder which she then casually leans against the brick fence separating her backyard from the graveyard. Like she's done this a million times before.

After she disappears over the wall, I scurry over to the ladder and listen intently. I can hear her whistling what sounds like a Christmas song on the other side, already at ground level. Did she throw herself off or what? I start climbing the ladder, listening intently, but she seems to be moving away. Once I reach the top, the mystery is solved. There's a freaking ladder there as well and Lexi's already moving between the graves, the shovel over her shoulder.

I hurry down and follow her, bending low behind gravestones and statues. She's completely unaware, still humming to herself, still acting like it's perfectly normal to walk around a cemetery with a shovel. Finally, she stops in front of a fresh mound of earth.

"Okay," she says to herself, her voice upbeat and musical. "Let's see what you have for me Mrs..." She bends closer to the gravestone. "Lucile Wilson. Oh, ninety-three. This should be good."

And she starts digging. I can't believe she's freaking digging. I know it's easier if the earth is fresh, easy enough so that she can do it with no problems, but why oh why is she digging up a dead body?

Stupefied, I take my phone out and film the beginning, then let her continue her workout until I hear the shovel hitting the casket. By this time, Lexi's petite frame is swallowed by the hole, so I'm even more impressed my her digging skills. I move closer, keeping out of sight and start a new video. I angle my phone so that I can see what's going on in the grave without being spotted.

Lexi is with her back to me and is already unscrewing the casket. It's so obvious that she knows exactly what she's doing. She finally moves aside and opens it.

The smell floors me. I gag and step back, trying not to throw up. The carcass is disgusting, a withering old woman stuffed with formol, looking more like skeleton than living person.

"Hello Lucile," Lexi croons. "Uh, you have lovely jewelry. And your dress is so fashionable."

With shaky hands, I lift my phone so the hole comes into view again. She's doing exactly what I thought she would. Undressing the body, pillaging its jewelry, all the while talking to it, like the woman is alive.

What the fuck? What is wrong with these people? Is completely crazy a necessity to get into the golden circle? Yes, it's true that the woman is dead and won't need her clothes and jewelry anymore, but still .

What the fuck? still Lexi produces a trash bag from her tiny backpack and stores the clothes inside. I back away and behind a nearby tree and watch her toss the bag out of the grave, close the casket and proceed to rebury the woman now left in her underwear.

I then follow her between the headstones to another two fresh graves from where he adds more accessories and garments to her trash bags. Then, still whistling as if she owns the place, she heads back to her house.

This time, I follow her from a safe distance. I'm still squeamish from the smell of damp earth mixed with that of decomposing carcass. How does this not affect her? Does she actually have a sense of smell? And how does she know where the graves are? Not that it matters.

have Once she throws the trash bag over the wall and starts climbing the ladder, I let her go. There's no point following her now, I already have enough.

Lexi Kramer is a grave robber.

I'm not sure why, since her family has a crap ton of money, so she can afford all the clothes she wants. Maybe it just puts her in a good mood, helps her forget about Lucas and his abusive bullshit.

Hell, it made me forget about Lucas.

me Humans are just so fucked up.

As I walk home, trying to get the sound of the shovel digging into the earth out of my head, I check her Instagram.

She's modeling Lucile's purple velvet dress with the hashtag #classicnevergoesoutoffashion #elengance #feelingclassy.

Se already has over one hundred likes and over thirty people asking where she got that beautiful dress.

If they only knew the demons inside her. The demons inside us all.

ðŸ§¿

Surprised? Not surprised?

Surprised? Not surprised? New information has come up so we get to find out more about the rest of the cast. Adrienne is one step closer to her goal. Five down, five to go.

New information has come up so we get to find out more about the rest of the cast. Adrienne is one step closer to her goal. Five down, five to go. Thanks for reading and please consider leaving a vote or comment if you enjoyed.

Thanks for reading and please consider leaving a vote or comment if you enjoyed.





Nineteen


The closer you get, the scarier your goal becomes. Traitorous, fragile, paranoid minds start to wonder. What if it's not what I want? What if it will hurt?

Fragile. I am not fragile. And yet, I wonder.

I wait for Marisa and Connor on the first floor, near the chemistry lab, sitting on the windowsill, swinging my legs back and forth. I already told them about Lexi, her weird corpse fashion fetish and her abusive relationship with Lucas.

Gay or not, abusers are not tolerated at Petraka. I want to have more on him, but I already have enough to move on to the next target. I need something on Antoine and the golden duo of brain-twins, Davey and Rod.

And Ava. Careful Ava is going to be a problem.

Five down, five to go.

Five down, five to go. We can do this. I can do this since the other two are pretty useless.

I This is getting tiresome and boring. Why do I always have to wait around after them? I pull my hood off my head and ruffle my hair. It falls in chestnut strands I positively hate. Maybe I should get a haircut. This stupid hair only gets in my way when I have stuff to do.

"Adrienne?"

I freeze. Why oh why did I ever take my hood off? Now fucking Rod Wiseman is heading for me, that dumb smirk on his pointed face. What is he even doing here? And how come he's without his shadow again?

"I thought that was you." He stops next to me, watching me as if I should praise him for gracing me with his attention.

"Oh, it's you." I don't keep the disappointment out of my voice and it's a second later I realize I should be nice to him if I want to get dirt on him.

His face falls the slightest bit, and his eyes widen with delicious fear. "Were you expecting someone else?"

"As a matter of fact, I was."

His face falls some more and I try not to show the glee building up inside me. Knocking his confidence down a notch is my new favorite past time.

"Can I ask who?" He tries to be flirty, interesting, but still looks like an albino calf facing the cutting bord.

I ponder a little, wondering what answer would throw him off most. Finally, I decide on what's furthest from what I'm actually doing. "My secret boyfriend."

His eyes flicker, but his smile stays on. " That I don't believe."

That Even if I'm lying my ass off, his answer rubs me the wrong way. "Why's that, Wiseman? Don't you think any man could find me attractive?"

"No, of course not." He raises his hands in defense and actually takes a step back. "I just--"

"You just what? Thought you'd come over and embarrass me? Take cheap shots for your own entertainment?"

"Adrienne, I was just making conversation."

"That's how you make conversation? And you want to be a politician?" I'm on fire, and the growing surprise on his face only fuels me further. "Offending people will gain you no friends or followers. I know you think you have it all now, inside your precious golden circle--"

"No, stop." He sounds hurt and I actually stop talking. He looks vulnerable, like he's about to spit his soul out, and there's nothing I want more. "I just wanted to ask you to get some coffee."

Um, what? As much I'm trying to play it cool, my eyebrows shoot up. What the hell is he doing?

"You do like coffee, don't you?" he presses on, as if I'm braindead and can't answer simple questions without a nudge.



"Yes, I do enjoy coffee." But why the hell would I want to do something enjoyable with you out of all people?

But why the hell would I want to do something enjoyable with you out of all people? "Then what do you say?"

Wiseman is officially deaf. "Didn't I just tell you I'm waiting for someone?" Though could it be worth ditching my henchmen for a weird ass one-on-one encounter with Rod Wiseman?

No, I don't feel safe. It could be a trick. He could just want to take me away from people and do something horrible to me. I know he's capable of it. They all are. He might even have a gun tucked inside his perfect Petraka blazer. If he suspects what I'm doing, I'm dead. He wouldn't risk a smudge on his record because of me.

"Oh, really? I thought you were just teasing."

I squint at him to prove a point. "Maybe another time?"

The prospect of offing me at a later date seems to improve his mood. "Yeah, okay, sure." He glances around as if to make sure we're alone and my muscles stiffen. "It's nice to see you back in school," he says as if it's relevant or important.

I just want to thwack him over the head as hard as I can. That could be an efficient way to test out my strength. Instead, I just shrug because if I want to try and get stuff out of him, I need to at least seem normal.

He gives me a long glance and I fidget. I don't like him staring at me like that, but he doesn't give a shit that he's making me uncomfortable because he's fucking Rod Wiseman and the world revolves around him. Finally, he takes his majestic leave, like a buoyant swan. I wish I had a rifle to shoot him down.

I breathe in greedily once he rounds the corner and try to calm my racing heart. Screw him taking me by surprise and imposing his presence on me. What could he want? Is he stalking me? And why is he alone?

The phone vibrates inside my pocket and almost gives me a heart attack. Grumbling a curse, I pull it out. I have a text from Marisa.

I'm going out with the girls. I'll catch up with you later.

I'm going out with the girls. I'll catch up with you later. Great. I've just wasted twenty minutes of precious time waiting for them and had to interact with Draco Malfoy. Thanks a lot, Marisa. What's she even doing with those bimbos anymore anyway? We have what we need on them. Ava won't slip in public, so this feels like socializing.

Fraternizing with the enemy.

A weight plunges into my stomach. What if she's betrayed me? What if she's actually been accepted into the golden circle and they're meeting up and laughing at my lousy attempts to bring them down? The thought makes me nauseous.

"Hey."

Connor's voice is like nails on a chalkboard. Why the hell is he here if Marisa is ditching?

"You okay?" he asks, slight worry in his voice.

"Marisa isn't coming."

He just nods as if it's natural. Is he in on the betrayal, too?

"She's out with the bimbo squadron, isn't she?"

"Obviously. It appears they're more important than us."

"The plan is more important. We still need something on Ava. Her boyfriend screwing around would make her worthy of sympathy. We need something bad."

"I know that, Michaels!" Because unlike him, I'm not a cretin.

He narrows his eyes at me. "What really happened? You're jumpier than usual."

Half of me is tempted to tell him to fuck off, but what just happened is eating me alive. "Rod Wiseman came over to talk."



The look on his face shows he realizes the importance and implications of what happened and I relax a little. I tense back up when he comes over and joins me on the windowsill.

There's like an inch of space between his thighs and mine. What the hell is he doing? Even if we're not actually touching, I can feel the heat of his body, the smell of his cologne. It's spicy and I'm oddly reminded of pepper.

"What did he want?" Conner asks, swinging his feet.

"He wouldn't say. His excuse was that he just wanted to ask me out for coffee."

Connor glances at me, his eyebrows raised. "Really?"

"Yes, really! Why is that so weird? Or do you also believe no one would want to take me out for coffee?"

He rolls his eyes at my antics. "I think you're well aware that you're an attractive girl, so you need to stop being so paranoid."

His words send a wave of warmth to my face and I'm pretty sure I look like a beetroot. "Don't tell me what to do."

"If it makes you feel better, in different circumstances, I'd totally take you out for coffee."

"Different circumstances?"

"Yeah. You know, you not being so obsessed with revenge. And not acting like a stalker."

"Get lost, Michaels."

He doesn't get lost. Just nudges his shoulder against mine playfully. I want to smack him. I want to smack myself for finding his presence comforting. But at that very moment, I feel like he'd never betray me. I'm a fool.

"Back to Rod. I find it a little worrying that he talked to you while you're dressed like this."

"Me too." I hate to admit it, but I've just lost some of my invisibility and that's a problem. "He was also alone. Without Davey. Do they still hang out?"

Connor looks rightfully confused and I forgive him for invading my personal space. He's been a lot more useful than Marisa lately.

"Yes. They're as inseparable as always. It actually seems like Davey is even more on his heel than usual. I'm surprised he was alone."

"Do you think he's planning something?"

"I think it can only be two things. He's either genuinely hitting on you, or he's on to you and trying to sabotage us by trying to charm you."

"He can't be genuinely hitting on me because he's with Rosie. Plus, he didn't seem surprised about my outfit." Shit, it was coming together. Rod Wiseman was trying to outsmart me. What a douche! No way in hell was that happening.

Connor hums and leans his back against the glass. "Maybe that's his secret."

"What, that he's actually intelligent?" That was shocking enough about Marisa. It can't actually be happening twice.

"No. Maybe he and Rosie aren't actually together."

His theory is so ludicrous, I actually burst out laughing. Rod and Rosie have been Patraka's it couple for four years. There's no way they could get away with fake dating for that long. Or maybe they'd broken up recently and didn't want to make a fuss? Shit, I need Rosie's side of events.

As much as I hate to do this since she is a freaking traitor, I take out my phone and text Marisa.

Keep your eyes on Rosie. See if she acts like a single person.

Keep your eyes on Rosie. See if she acts like a single person. The message appears read, but she doesn't answer which is probably wiser. I still hate her for ditching me for Rosie Geld.

"I still doubt that it's possible, but I asked Marisa to keep an eye on Rosie and look for single behavior."

"If they're keeping it a secret, I doubt she'd exhibit any."

He's only good at bursting my bubble. "They couldn't pretend for four years. And if they broke up recently, she might."

"Okay, fair enough. Worth to check. I have some possibly good news. Lucas is throwing a get together for the guys and Davey said I could tag along."

Davey. I hate that guy with his calm, handsome face and his unreadable actions. But Connor is right. This is a great opportunity to snoop around Lucas' house.

"Think you'll find gay porn?" I ask conversationally.

"Laugh all you want, but I sure hope I do. If not, my other plan is to hit on him myself and see how he takes it."

I can't help it. Laughter bubbles out of me and I grab my stomach. The image if Connor hitting on Lucas is freaking hilarious. He laughs too, probably unable to tell that I'm laughing at him, not with him.

"You did a great job with Lexi, by the way."

His warm tone throws me off and the laughter dies on my lips. "Thanks," I say, but my eyes narrow. What the hell is he doing? "Good ole fashioned stalking never fails."

"I guess not. That's why I plan on taking a leaf out of your book and do some stalking myself."

"Watch out. It's not for everyone." If he's a sloppy idiot, he could ruin everything.

"I'll be careful. Crazily enough, I actually got into this and I want to see it work. Watching the world burn can be very interesting. And if the guys are half as psycho as the girls, they don't deserve those Ivy League schools waiting for them after graduation."

"Hey, that's sexist." But I agree with him. These people shouldn't see the light of day, let alone lead this country and the world.

"It's the truth though." He grins when I punch his shoulder, knowing I'm only playing. He's been on the receiving end of a real hit, after all.

He hesitates and leans his shoulder against mine again, but this time it's not a playful nudge. "I'm up to date with my homework. Do you want to hang out or something?"

His words knock the breath out of me for some reason. It can be fun hanging out with him, but like this, without calling it anything, and job related. What does he actually mean with this? What does he want from me?

"You're panicking and overthinking," he observes, like the genius he is.

"I'm just not sure what you're asking."

"It's easy. I'm asking if you'd rather go to your lair and skulk there or you want to go do something fun with me."

Despite my better judgement, I'm intrigued. "Something fun? Like what?" What does he actually do for fun?

"What do you like to do?"

Plot and scheme. But that's not exactly an activity to be performed in a group. I have no idea what else to tell him. For a moment, I'm thinking about MMA, but that would imply a lot of touching and I don't want that, even if it would be for the greater good.

Connor observes me while I struggle to come up with something cool and doable and sighs.

"Want to go to the diplomats' house and plot and scheme?"

What the hell? Am I that transparent? But the idea sounds the most fun I could have without touching so I nod.

that Connor jumps off the windowsill and lends me a hand. "Great. Let's rule the world."

Why the hell do I like him? Connor Michaels will be the end of me, I can tell.

ðŸ§¿

No, you are not delirious. I have updated. And hopefully, I will some more.

No, you are not delirious. I have updated. And hopefully, I will some more. So we have this party Connor is going to and Marisa hanging out with the golden girls. Anything wrong with that? And what is up with Rod? What exactly is he doing ?

So we have this party Connor is going to and Marisa hanging out with the golden girls. Anything wrong with that? And what is up with Rod? What exactly is he doing ? Stay tuned and find out. I'm not sure how often I'll update, but I do hope to return once a week or at least every other week.

Stay tuned and find out. I'm not sure how often I'll update, but I do hope to return once a week or at least every other week. Vote and comment for support .

Vote and comment for support .





Twenty


First off, wow, I can't believe we're at chapter 20. Still have some to go. Thought the story would be short and it still sort of feels like the beginning ðŸ˜…

First off, wow, I can't believe we're at chapter 20. Still have some to go. Thought the story would be short and it still sort of feels like the beginning ðŸ˜… ðŸ§¿

ðŸ§¿ Human psyche makes no sense. We are aware of the dangers, we know what we must do. And yet, sometimes it's so hard, the pain inside our chests feels real. Physical.

And that's when we fuck up. We would do anything to relieve that pressure even for one single second.

That's how I ended up with Connor Michaels inside the diplomats' house, making plans to rule the world.

Connor has filled the whiteboard with the names of our targets as well as their links to the people in Congress. Parents, uncles and aunts. Most of them have more than one relative there, making sure life will do them no harm.

Well, though. I'm still coming for them.

We've spent a very fun few hours noting down flaws and quirks of the golden circle. Then we launched into wild suppositions about what the rest of them are hiding.

First, we tried to guess it seriously, and Connor launched the idea that Antoine was a secret cross-dresser and Davey had a third nipple. I tried to come up with something for Ava, but wound up assuming she was a demon in human flesh and the only clue was her forked tongue.

That was our cue to switch into a world where Rod and Davey were the heads of one hydra and Ava was actually a gnome using a hell of a lot of glamour.

Then we had fun with the families and both agreed that Rosie's dad was a dragon and their home had a secret cave where he went and slept on a mountain of golden coins.

I laughed so hard, my belly hurt and then felt like crap for falling for his tricks. He laughed too, so much tears streamed down his face, and this moment of vulnerability made me feel safe. Too safe.

Finally we fall silent and I kick my legs out under the table, staring at the whiteboard. This isn't enough. Fun serves no purpose, we made no progress. I just managed to make a damn fool of myself by being unprofessional.

"This is an interesting web of influence and deceit," Connor says, drumming his fingers on his chin.

All I can think of is how he should be on there too, together with his own political link that allowed him access to Petraka.

"Just influential people giving their brats further reasons to be entitled," I mumble.

"No, not really." He puts his hand on the name of Donna Jensen's mother. "A very influential environmental activist." Next he points to Miranda Washington's parents. "Passed very important bills against covert racism and discrimination. The Brandts are a bunch of pseudo scientists and flat-earthers, but Senator Geld is a big advocate of free healthcare and Ruth Wiseman is a passionate supporter of planned parenthood."

I care so little about what he's saying, but it does reveal something about him that I didn't know before. "You're really into this politics thing, aren't you?"

him He halts his excited tirade. "Yes. I think it's important for our future."

I narrow my eyes. "Are you going to vote for Rosie's dad for president?"



His cheeks glow crimson and even if he doesn't say it, I know he would. Traitor. That's why I can't trust him, can't fall into companionship with him. Because he's not really into it. He might dislike the kids and want to tick them off, but he doesn't want to really destroy them or anybody else. He is weak.

"It's going to be a while before I have to make that choice," he says as if I can't read right through him. "Plus it's sins of the father that are the sins of the son, not... The other way around..." His voice breaks and my interest instantly spikes to that level of anticipation that has adrenaline coursing madly through my veins.

He slipped. He actually revealed something about himself, though given our conversation, I'm not sure if he's the one carrying a heavy legacy or if he fucked his father over. This is delicious, but he caught his mistake, so I have to be very careful if I want to keep prying.

I'm spared the difficult task once Marisa rushes inside. She's still wearing a pink tutu, purple crop top and pink converse and I just want to gag.

"Glorious timing, Delterre," I mumble.

She ignores me. "Miranda is an idiot." There's actual resent in her voice. "Her stupid obsession with Martin is going to end her. The dumb bimbo sent him nudes."

Really now? I get up from my chair, not even trying to disguise my glee. "How do you know that?"

"She showed me their conversation." Marisa rolls her eyes, and seeing her act so intelligent in her school outfit is seriously weird. "Ava will catch her and she'll be tossed out an humiliated before we have the chance to do it."

"That sucks," Connor says, though his tone is off, as if the sucky part is Miranda getting kicked out, not us missing the chance to do humiliate her.

"We need to hurry," Marisa says, heading for the whiteboard. She scribbles a giant date, two days from now. "It's going down at Lucas' party."

"What is?" I ask, the rush getting to me. I definitely want to hurry, and Miss Valedictorian is finally dancing to my tune.

"Miranda and Martin hooking up. Apparently Ava and Rosie aren't going, but all the boys will be there."

"Were you invited?" Connor asks, surprised. "I thought it was a boys only thing."

"It is." She heaves a heavy sigh. "I'm not invited. Miranda is going to screw Martin, Donna is going to get screwed by everyone else, apparently, and Lexi wants to keep and eye on Lucas because she suspects he has someone on the side because he won't sleep with her."

"How do you know that?" As much as I love that things are finally starting to move, I also hate that, for once, I'm not the one with the juicy information.

know "Miranda told me." Marisa suddenly looks exhausted and she drops on one of the chairs. "Donna is no surprise. We already know she screwed every guy in the golden circle."

The disgust in her voice goes beyond the obvious and I think it has something to do with Davey Postvam. Even if Donna gave him a 1/10, the description next to his name was short and not sweet. A great fuck .

A great fuck Which convinced us the grades had nothing to do with sexual prowess. We still haven't figured out what they mean, but we're supposedly still working on it.



"I guess it's up to me then," Connor says, reminding me that he's actually the one going.

"How so?" Marisa asks with a frown.

"I was actually invited to go."

"Good job!" Marisa grins at him, looking thrilled.

I don't like this. I don't like this at all. Connor going in there alone, Marisa beaming at him, me being left out of everything.

"Let's just hope you won't have to screw Donna Jensen as some form of initiation," I say.

I try not to sound like a little bitch. I think I failed miserably. Both Marisa and Connor turn to me, eyes wide and shock on both their faces. Maybe I'm being petty and paranoid, but this is my plan, damn it! I wonder how hard it would be to break inside the house.

"God, I hope not," Connor says, and I realize that maybe they actually took me seriously.

After all the fucked up shit we've uncovered, it's not actually off the table. What surprises me is that Connor seems so much against it when just weeks ago he claimed it wouldn't be the worst way to go.

"Adrienne, I think we should be there," Marisa says, for once respecting my status as operative leader.

"I think so, too, but except for disguising ourselves as prostitutes, I see no other way we could crash this party."

"No, I mean we should survey the party." Marisa's lips weaver into an amused smile, even if she obviously wants to remain all-business.

Right, that could work, too. "That's not very useful, though."

"It is, actually," Connor says, "just in case I need help. Maybe I need to throw evidence out the window or something."

I wish! But even the prospect of that makes my heart accelerate, so I agree. Marisa and I will go to the party and be on surveillance duty while Connor does the dirty work.

"Just be careful in there," I say. "If you blow the operation, I'll skin you alive."

"Reassuring. Want to fit me with one of those cyanide pills so I can off myself before they force me to confess?"

That sounds like a brilliant idea, but I don't know where I could get one of those.

"No, but seriously," Marisa says. "Be careful and feign ignorance if you get caught."

"I know how to do my job, Delterre," he answers with a haughty wave of his hand.

They're kidding, but it's nice to see them on last name basis. After all, I wouldn't want them forming an alliance and keeping me out of it. I brought them together, and they'd best remember that without me, there is no operation.

ðŸ§¿

I don't think I'd have trouble getting to Lucas' place for our night of surveillance, but just as I pack my spy kit, I am thwarted by my useless mother and her sudden, poor excuse for parenting.

"Seriously, Adrienne, you're going out this late?" Her voice is so full of fake worry that I want to throw up.

"I'm actually going to a party," I say, keeping my voice even as I stuff my notepad inside a black backpack.



"Dressed like that?"

Oh, just fuck off, Washington Fashion Police. I turn to her and take in her soccer mom ensemble of light blue jeans and checkered shirt. For once, she has no function, but even her causal clothes are out of a catalog, because she's the type of woman who can't be bothered to make even the simplest decisions herself.

Oh, just fuck off, Washington Fashion Police. She wants to be perfect every minute of every day, and you're only perfect if other people say you are. Even her platinum ponytail is stylishly disheveled.

I refrain from yelling at her and telling her that's not how normal people look. She probably won't give a shit and scold me for not being out-of-the-box-perfect like her.

"Yes. It's a laid back party. Don't you have something better to do?"

"Adrienne." For once, her voice is stern and her tone grates on my nerves. "Your father and I have been very lenient with you, but there's no need for that tone."

I hate her. She's barely sober, and she picks tonight to act like a mother. She hasn't been lenient. Dear Dad and her barely remember I'm even alive and in this house.

"Look." She steps inside my room and I bristle. She seems to notice my mood because she falters to a stop. "I won't stop you from going to this party, but just don't..." She lets out an overdramatic sigh. "Just don't hang around Arlington Cemetery at night anymore, okay?."

My eyes widen and I whip around to face her. "Are you following me?"

following She backtracks immediately, her bovine eyes desperate and full of tears. "Of course not. Someone told me they saw you there."

Is she lying? Are they having me followed? Who would even recognize me with my outfit? A thousand theories spin inside my head as I watch her, trying to catch signs of a lie anywhere on her features.

"Who? They're lying. I haven't been to the cemetery in ages." I keep my voice filled with disgust, trying to throw her off track, but I'm still analyzing, searching for a sign, a clue.

What if I am being followed and I didn't realize? What if someone figured out the pattern and realized I'm stalking the golden circle? What if, when the news will hit TMI, everything would lead it back to me?

It's so hard to breathe, but I keep my icy surface and watch my mother with disgust.

"I'd rather not say," she finally says.

"Then you're lying. And I wasn't there!" I bat my eyelashes even as I try my best not to strangle the weak and disgusting woman in front of me. "Don't you trust me?"

you're I see her face twisting into what looks like well practiced agony. "Of course I trust you, Adrienne. You're my daughter."

"Only when it suits you."

"Adrienne!"

"Is Harold home? Our out building his political career." By bedding influential women in Congress. I don't say it, but she knows what I mean.

My mother doesn't even flinch. "We actually hoped you would join us for movie night."

Oh, what utter bullshit. She's just saying this because she knows I'm going out. If I'd stayed in, she would just ignore me like she normally does. Like they both normally do. All they care about is my dad's career, their stupid politics. Every decision in this family has always been about that.

Harold's career. Jocelyn's latest friendships and how they could aid said career. Picture perfect home, picture perfect couple, picture perfect family.

Everything is a lie.

The world needs to know the truth. And maybe once I'm done with the golden circle, TMI could become so much more than a high school app. It could become the voice of truth for an entire nation.

The thought sends a jolt of anticipation through me, but I nip it in the bud. Not the time to get ahead of myself. Still a lot of work to do, and tonight is a very important night. I have some high quality stalking to do.

So I smile sweetly at my mother, sending her obvious hatred arrows with my eyes. "That sounds lovely, but I really must go to this party. Everybody who's anybody will be there."

Jocelyn's interest instantly perks up, like it usually does when she smells an opportunity. "Will you be socializing with Rosie?"

"All her friends will be there, so yes, she will also most likely join."

My moron of a mother instantly buys into it. But her eyes quickly scan my outfit again and her lips twist with dissatisfaction. "Are you sure you want to wear that?"

sure I give a light laugh. "Oh, mother, you are so out of the loop. These hoodies are where it's at now. Everyone has one. They come in every color and black just happens to be mine."

She doesn't appear convinced, but moves out of the way as I reach the door.

"Have fun then," she calls feebly while I take the stairs.

How could that moronic creature produce offspring who can tell their ass from their head is beyond me. By God, I'm so glad I'm nothing like them. A fine set of spineless worms ready to bend to the will of anyone who is just a little higher than they are on the social ladder.

I'm not them and I will never become them. I will be the one to tear the social ladder down.

And then, I'll laugh as I watch the tiny people fall.





ðŸ§¿

Thanks so much for reading. The next chapter might just end up being fun! I hope you enjoyed and please don't forget to vote and leave me your thoughts on the story.

Thanks so much for reading. The next chapter might just end up being fun! I hope you enjoyed and please don't forget to vote and leave me your thoughts on the story.





Twenty One


TMI is legally allowed to drink now.

TMI is legally allowed to drink now. ðŸ§¿

ðŸ§¿ Groups are dangerous. Every living being finds strength in numbers. But that strength comes with a price.

Lose a bit of who you really are. Conform. Be like the others.

Boys are so boring. And this look-out point behind the bushes across the street from Lucas Brandt's house is not exactly comfortable. I shift, trying to get my hips in a position where they won't grind against random rocks.

Being skinny might be fashionable, but it has some serious comfort disadvantages. With her curves and full thighs, Marisa Delterre looks cozy amongst the budding foliage.

She's wearing a pair of light blue jeans, a grey NASA hoodie and black converse. Not exactly a surveillance outfit, but much better than her pink and purple outfits. Her mahogany hair is loose and half hidden inside the hood she's pulled over her head.

Even laying on the ground on her belly, binoculars stuck to her eyes, she manages to look cool and fabulous. I sort of hate her for it. For her narrow waist and round butt and the way her hair falls over her eyes. I don't envy her body, but the ease she carries herself with.

I know I'm not ugly, but I could never exude the confidence Marisa does. Then again, I've never cared too much about my looks. What would be the point when I'm doing my best to stay invisible?

"See something you like back there?" she asks, glancing over her shoulder.

I sober, realizing I've been staring at her butt without really seeing it. Heat rushes to my cheeks and I pull the hoodie lower down my face. Not that it makes much of a difference.

"Back to work, Delterre," I growl, moving further up so we're shoulder to shoulder.

"Don't be shy to compliment a girl." She nudges her shoulder against mine playfully, and the air is suddenly even hotter. "I for one like the way you look."

"Huh?" I turn to her despite my better judgement.

"Yeah. I mean you're so slim and elegant. Something I could never pull off."

What is she talking about? Her lips are full, voluptuous, her eyes green like summer grass. Her breasts are big and firm. She looks like a hourglass, her Latina heritage showing clearly. I'm just a boring white chick who doesn't eat enough.

"Like Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast at Tiffany's," Marisa adds, her eyes narrowing.

I think my head caught fire. I look away, trying to focus on anything else. My breathing, which is hitching like crazy, any sound, but all I can hear is the blood rushing in my ears, the fresh grass under me, but it reminds me of her eyes.

"Just take the damn compliment," she mutters, but there's amusement in her voice.

I'm not amused. I feel violated for some reason. Nervous and twitchy, like I felt when I thought she was about to kiss me.

My phone buzzes and I focus on that instead. It's Connor and it's about goddamn time because he's been in there for over an hour and a half.



He's sent us a picture of a bunch of magazines. The embarrassment inside me is replaced my a wave of joy. Lucas Brandt does have gay porn magazines. Though I have to admit I'm a little disappointed Connor didn't have to hit on him. It would've been hilarious. Except I wouldn't have seen it anyway.

I'm halfway through typing a message telling him to actually get proof that they're Lucas' when another set of pictures come in. They're of the entire bedroom which has pictures of Lucas and him and Lexi. The hiding place is revealed: a box under the bed. Holy hell, does that moron lack originality. I'm surprised his mother didn't find them.

"Good job, Connor," Marisa says, watching the screen of my phone over my shoulder.

Her citrusy perfume is nice, so I move away because I don't like admiring her. Perfect people like her shouldn't exist.

"Do you think he'll get more dirt?" she asks, fortunately not following me two inches to the right.

"I'm not sure. He should go back to the party not to arouse suspicion." But I plan on getting more dirt, so I get into a crouch.

"What are you doing?"

"Getting more. I'm not about to miss Martin and Miranda getting it on."

"Adrienne, ew!"

But she follows me across the street and around the house. The Brandts have no trees, the assholes, but they do have an old shed which could allow us to see inside the upper story rooms.

"We'll be very visible from up there, you know," Marisa points out.

I unfortunately have to agree. It's not fully dark yet, so climbing on it is a little tricky. For the moment, we both sneak inside and close the door. Fortunately, the only small window is facing the house.

"Yuck, I smells like grease in here," Marisa says. "And like someone melted tar."

I ignore her because I'm not a little princess and lift the binoculars to my eyes. Smell doesn't bother me, especially not when her stupid perfume is more powerful than anything.

I can see into the living room through the open window. Connor is more intelligent then I gave him credit for. I can see him on the couch next to Antoine and Lucas. On the couch across from them are Davey and Rod, deep in hushed conversation, completely ignoring Lexi and Donna who are dancing lasciviously in the space between the couches.

It's a little too much to process as a million questions pop inside my head. What secret are those two sharing that they're not paying attention to the two hot women rubbing against each other? How is it okay for Lucas to have Antoine leering at his girlfriend like that? Why is it okay for anyone to stare at Donna like that when the only single guys in that room are Davey, who's not paying attention to her, and Connor who's spying.

How the hell does this even work? What if Miranda walks in and sees Donna, who's supposedly her friend, giving her boyfriend a lap dance like she's a professional stripper?

Marisa comes next to me, her phone lifted towards the first floor window, already recording. I drop the binoculars and look at her screen. Martin is there, naked from the waist up, knocking his head back. Even if we can't see below his belt because of the window, the expression on his face says it all.



I just want to puke. I'm sick of weird sex stuff. By God, Lexi's graverobbing is turning out to be the least scaring secret of the bunch.

It takes maybe a minute to be proven right when Martin's movements start getting sharp, violent, and a little desperate. Miranda stands, in her bra, and hangs out the window to throw up.

"Oh, for fuck's sake," Marisa mutters, but keeps filming. "I'm going to castrate that asshole."

I want to point out that Miranda wanted this and seduced her friend's boyfriend, but I bite my tongue once Martin appears behind Miranda and continues what they'd started, even if she's half hanging out the window like a lifeless rag.

There's no sign of pleasure on her face, like her dreams are coming true. Just nausea and a mild frown of pain. It doesn't take her long to barf again, and Martin just keeps going, his hand wrapping in her hair and pulling her head back in a position that can't be comfortable.

The grin on his face is crazy as he finishes his job. A moment later, he backs away, leaving Miranda still hanging. I watch stupefied as he buttons his pants, puts his shirt on and leaves the room. She's still there, half-panting, half-sobbing while he appears in the living room, his hungry gaze moving on Donna and Lexi.

"What a dick!" Marisa says, lowering her phone.

"She asked for it."

"You did not just say that." She rounds to face me, hands on her hips. There's a fire in her eyes that makes her a bit frightening.

"She's the one who wanted to sleep with him." I raise my hands in surrender and instantly hate my cowardly gesture.

"Adrienne, she's in love with him. She wanted something romantic, not to gag on his..." She groans and turns away and I'm happy she didn't say it. "He's such a monster!"

That we can agree on. And even if I think Miranda deserves having her dreams shattered for wanting to betray her friend and her boyfriend, I drop the subject. I also know what Marisa means. Martin is a monster.

She doesn't drop it however. "I mean it. Don't ever say she deserved it."

I just shrug.

"People need to be respected, regardless of the situation."

"Yes, of course. And that's exactly why bullying happens. Why Miranda chose to sleep with Ava's boyfriend behind her back. Behind Antoine's back."

"You should know better," Marisa hisses. "No one deserves to be bullied."

Her words sting and I wince. "The world's not perfect, Miss Valedictorian, or we wouldn't be here."

She bites her lower lip, accepting my argument and coming down from her high horse. "That is true. But it doesn't mean we have to be part of the problem."

I don't necessarily agree. Drastic measures are sometimes necessary, people need a taste of their own medicine, and some never learn, even when faced with proof of their mistakes.

Martin surely doesn't seem to. The moment Donna starts giving him a lap dance, his hands are all over her ass and it takes him less than five minutes to disappear with her into the kitchen to "get snacks". I don't need to get on the other side of the house to know what he's up to in there.



Fortunately, Miranda retreated inside the house and her boobs are no longer hanging out the window. A tiny part of me actually feels sorry for her. For how stupid she is.

"This is becoming so tiring," Marisa says. "Do we have enough on Martin to end him? I don't want to be anywhere near him."

"I'm not sure. So far, all we have is his super boner powers."

"Not true. He's a disrespectful ass, he cheats on Ava. Maybe he's a sex addict?"

Marisa makes a valid point. And the truth is, I'm so done with stupid sex stuff. "I think we might have enough. Ava is capable of castrating him for embarrassing her."

"True." Her gaze moves to the others in the room. "I wonder what they're hiding."

She knows what Davey is hiding, so I'm the only one who can legitimately wonder that. Because I have nothing on any of them. Not Antoine, Davey or Rod. Not her or Connor.

He's laughing with Rod and Davey now and I can't help but grit my teeth. He's too good of an actor. Is he actually enjoying himself now that he outed Lucas? His job is technically done. Or is he bonding for the sake of our mission?

I hate it that I don't know. Maybe it's not wise, but I take out my phone and text him.

What are you up to?

What are you up to? I watch him taking out his phone and checking it. Half of me expects him to make a face and put it away, but he actually texts back.

Why? You miss me? ;)

Why? You miss me? ;) Oh, my God, I want to smack him so badly. But instead I answer.

Just wondering if you have something else for me.

Just wondering if you have something else for me. Except undying love? Nothing.

Except undying love? Nothing. What the fuck? I put the binoculars to my eyes and watch him smirking and winking at me, as if he knows exactly where I am.

"Should we stay?" Marisa asks, sounding a little tired.

"I'm not sure if that moron still needs us."

"Why do you always have to offend everybody?"

Even if I don't consider Marisa a friend I want to share stuff in my life with, I show her the message convo between me and Connor. Her eyes widen and she starts laughing.

"Damn, I thought he liked you, but this is further proof."

"What are you talking about?" I pocket my phone before it can give her any more stupid ideas.

"Come on, Adrienne! Isn't it obvious that he's fascinated by you? I mean I don't blame him. You are rather fascinating."

are I take a step back, watching her through narrowed eyes. Is she making fun of me? There's a smile on her face, but I can't tell if it's honest or condescending.

"Can't you accept that you're interesting?" she says.

I bite my lip. Marisa and Connor are the only people I've shown what I'm really doing and that is pretty interesting. The genius of TMI, my secret mission. I'm a vigilante of sorts. That's why I should believe Marisa. And yet, it's hard. I can't remember the last time someone has paid me an honest compliment.

is should But I decide to accept it, so I smile.

"Is that a real smile?" Marisa asks shrewdly. "It changes your entire face."

I want to scowl at once, but fight the impulse. I like messing with people, so I just widen my smile.

"You're so pretty when you're not plotting death and destruction."

"Hey, I'm not plotting death. Just public humiliation."

The amusement slips off her face and she turns her attention to the small window. "I wish we didn't have to do this."

"What? Teach those entitled bastards a lesson in humility?"

"Yes, that." She heaves a sigh. "I hope we're not wrong. I really hope we're teaching them a lesson, not just destroying and scarring a bunch of kids."

I nod, though I don't really care. Let them be destroyed. They deserve it for destroying others. Let them have scars, just like they've left scars on others.

Let them die, just like they killed Audrey Hart.

"Adrienne?"

Marisa comes over and hugs me. I have no idea what got into her, but for once, I don't push her back. The thought of Audrey brought tears to my eyes and Marisa's arms hold me together, make the moment easier to face.

Before I know what I'm doing, my own arms snake around her. She's soft, yet powerful and I tighten my hold. It feels good, holding her. Right and easy.

My phone chimes and we pull apart. I turn around to allow my eyes to dry and pull it out. It's a message from my damn mother.

Where are you, honey ?

Where are you, honey ? I grit my teeth, but send her my location just to shut her up. It's not one hundred percent accurate, so she won't know I'm in the Brandts' shed.

Her response comes immediately. Alright, have fun.

Alright, have fun. I hate her so much. But Marisa has a point, there's no use hanging around here if Connor no longer needs us.

"I think we can go," I say. "I really don't want to watch Donna Jensen giving Connor Boy a lap dance."

Marisa giggles, but nods in approval. We put our equipment away and I'm just putting my backpack on when I hear it. The door to the house opens and footsteps head towards the shed.

Marisa freezes too, her wide, frightened eyes resting on me. My adrenaline spikes instantly and my head spins. We can now hear voices.

"Is this really necessary?" It's Connor's voice, half-heartedly trying to stop whoever decided it was time to go inside the shed.

"Hell yes, man." Antoine's voice. "You need to loosen up and I have just the thing."

They're at the door and the the handle lowers.

We're doomed.

ðŸ§¿

Just as I was wondering where to go in the next chapter, I decided to advance the plot a bit. After all, Antoine and Ava are the only ones left except for Rod and Davey. So we get to find out what Antoine is hiding.

Just as I was wondering where to go in the next chapter, I decided to advance the plot a bit. After all, Antoine and Ava are the only ones left except for Rod and Davey. So we get to find out what Antoine is hiding. Rod and Davey are special, so I need to get the others out of the way first. ðŸ˜

Rod and Davey are special, so I need to get the others out of the way first. ðŸ˜ Hope you enjoyed so stick around for the next update! Vote and comment for support!

Hope you enjoyed so stick around for the next update! Vote and comment for support!





Twenty Two


Fear is the mind killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. When the fear has gone, there will be nothing. Only I will remain.

The man who wrote those words was a genius, and I memorized them for times of need such as this one. But the damn fear doesn't want to pass over me and through me. It's stuck inside me, sending my heart into a convulsive dance that makes me nauseous and dizzy.

Marisa tugs my hand and my head clears the tiniest bit. I follow her and we both crouch behind the door, hoping the setting night will cover us and make us invisible. It's a terrible hiding place, but we have nothing else. Under the table would make us visible since it's right across the door, and there are no cabinets.

I feel like a child playing less-than-mediocre hide and seek.

"It's not necessary, really," Connor says as the door opens.

Antoine doesn't give a shit, he strides right in. Connor follows and his first instinct, a correct one at that, is to check what's behind him. He sees us and places his body against the edge of the door, effectively blocking us from view.

"I told you you need to relax some. And I can't stand much of those meatheads without a little help myself." He turns to Connor, his teeth eerily white in the dimming light.

Whatever's left of it catches the diamond stud in his right ear. He'd always freaked me out because the combination of his dark skin, bleached hair and amber eyes always looked unnatural. The hair is not really an issue, since he had it done, but those eyes... They look like the eyes of a predator.

"Plus, I trust you," Antoine adds, as if he's doing Connor a huge favor.

"As you should. I'm no tattle tale." His words are a little hesitant as if he wants to see what the other guy has, but is afraid he'd see Marisa and me.

To be honest, seeing how glazed Antoine's eyes are, I wonder how much he can actually see. And yet, he navigates around the table and inside some boxes without any problems and pulls out two zip bags, one filled with white pills and one with blue pills.

Connor's back stiffens. My own fists clench as I observe the gleeful expression on the asshole's face. He has drugs. A lot of drugs. Next to me Marisa takes her phone out. I stop her before she can lift it, and press my index finger to my lips. We need to tread lightly. Plus, this light won't get us any good images.

So, instead, I pull my own phone out, place it on the floor, and start recording. Marisa in the meantime texts Connor to let him know what we're doing.

His phone chimes and he pulls it out, smart enough to figure out what's going on. A sense of pride fills my chest and it's strange, but it looks like I've chosen my allies very well.

"Who keeps texting you?" Antoine asks, opening one of the zip bags.

"Some chick."

"Delterre?" Antoine grins and he looks more like a lion than ever. "I'd hit that any day of the week."

I just want to gag, but keeping quiet is imperative for our plan.

"Nah, different one. So, what do you have there?"

"Something to either mellow you out." Antoine lifts the bag of white pills. "Or charge you up." He lifts the bag of blue pills. "All cutting edge stuff."

"I don't know, man, I'm not really into drugs."

Bless Connor for actually saying the words we need. The subject is so taboo in Petraka, Antoine can't bounce back from this.



"Drugs?" Antoine sounds offended. "This ain't crack, homie. This is the real deal. Special formula for special effect."

"Really?" Connor appears interested now. "You made these?"

"Hell yeah." He grins, ever the proud parent of his evil invention. "As I said. Top tier stuff." He takes out a blue pill and hands it to Connor.

He takes it and I believe he might be turning it in his hand, but I can't see. "How's the crash? What you're offering sounds good, but I don't want a bad trip."

"Nah, man. It just makes you crazy fun. You'll feel like a star."

"Do you take them?"

"When I'm down with the blues. Whites are more to stand annoying people." Antoine puts the bags away and lights a cigarette.

Connor lets out a light laugh. "I should feel privileged you're letting me in on this. I bet not a lot of people know."

"True that, brother. You should feel privileged." There's a bit of a threat mixing with a puff of smoke rolling out of Antoine's mouth, and I hope Connor can sense it. "As fun and sought after as this stuff is, not many are privy to who actually makes them."

should "So the guys don't know?" Connor asks the question that's also plaguing my mind.

"Yeah, they do. I mean Lucas distributes most of it and him and Martin love them."

Connor stiffens even more and I touch his calf to let him know it's visible. Fortunately, he doesn't jump like a pansy and relaxes.

"If they're as good as you say, I bet I'll love them, too." He pretends to analyze the pill some more. "What about Rod and Davey?"

Antoine huffs as if to say 'pussies'. "Rod doesn't want me pulling them out when he's around, the pussy. And Davey is way too good for this shit . They're a bunch of snobs and idiots, the two of them."

way too good for this shit "Really?" Connor sounds surprised but in an appropriate 'you're shitting me' sort of way.

Antoine doesn't answer right away so I'm guessing he's shrugging or something. "You at least seem cooler."

seem It's Connor's turn to be silent which means he's probably grinning or winking or something.

"So, you're selling this stuff or just giving it away?"

"Hey, be careful what you say. I'm not giving it away, so feel special. If I think you're not cool, next time it will cost you."

Marisa trembles next to me and I put my hand on her knee to steady her. She's making me more nervous and I don't need that. This is a good thing. He just admitted to making drugs and selling them using that idiot, Lucas. Antoine and Lucas are both done for.

good "No way. I like you. You're dope. Get it?"

Oh, my God, I want to cringe at the nerdy pun, but Antoine actually laughs, so he must be high already.

"Where do you make it?" Connor asks, adding another intelligent question to his repertoire.

"Some in here, actually." Antoine moves further inside the shed, the cigarette hanging from his plump lips, and Connor takes a sidestep to cover more of us.

Since Marisa and I didn't search the shed, we missed the bottles and tubes. Now it's clear as day that there's a make-shift drug lab in there and it explains the weird smell she mentioned.

"Wow, high tech chemistry right there," Connor says with a low whistle.

"Pays off to be smart," Antoine says, taking one final drag and tossing his still shimmering bud on the floor. "So, you gonna pop that?"



Connor stiffens again. "Nah, man. I need to get home for some stupid family shit and I don't want to risk a bad trip. But thanks. I'll take it tonight and tell you how it felt."

"Amazing." Antoine walks over and grasps Connor's shoulder. He's so close, I'm afraid he'll smell Marisa's perfume and catch us. "It will feel amazing."

Then, Connor leads him out, the door closes and we're left in silence and darkness. Every bit of light is gone.

Marisa stands and I turn off the recording, convince she's going to start raging. Instead, she paces the room, her strides becoming longer and firmer, her fists clenched. She then stops next to the table, searches inside some old paint bucket and pulls out the bags of drugs.

"What are you doing?" I ask.

"Taking these and flushing them down the toilet."

"You can't do that. He'll suspect Connor."

"We can't leave these here! He'll sell them to innocent people and get them hooked on the stuff."

"So what? That's none of our business."

"How can you say that?" She turns to me, hands balled into fists, her eyes misty with unshed tears.

I glare at her, annoyed by her sudden weakness, her conscience and how overdamatic she suddenly decided to be. "People who do drugs know the effects. It's not like they're misinformed. They don't deserve pity."

"Really now?" Her voice comes out strangled and furious. "What about the people who get their drinks spiked at parties? Or the people who just do recreational stuff, like once every few months at parties? Those who don't want to be hooked, to become addicts?"

I'm not sure what she's so angry about, really.

"The ones who know how much they can take and are careful. Then this asshole comes along with some shitty home-made formula which could get them instantly addicted or killed." She waves the bag of drugs. "These are dangerous, Adrienne!"

this Yes, they are. But then so is Antoine. "Okay, let's say with destroy them. And Antoine suspects it's Connor and decides to punish him? What then?"

Marisa shakes her head as if I'm the one not talking sense. "We need to destroy them."

I stride over and grab the bag from her, then slam them back inside the bucket. I agree with her on some level. Drugs suck and Antoine sucks even harder for making them and selling them to people. I believe him capable of getting people hooked on it on purpose just so he can sell more. But I stand by what I said. Taking them would be to dangerous for Connor. Unless...

My eyes fall on the butt of Antoine's cigarette. There's still a tiny tendril of smoke rising from it, as if it's not yet put out. He didn't snuff it out or step on it or anything. With ginger fingers, I pick it up and drop it inside the paint bucket. The remaining fumes from the old paint fork like a charm and the plastic bags ignite at once.

"What are you doing?" Marisa asks, her eyes wide.

"You said you wanted to destroy them."

"But here? This entire flimsy shed could catch fire?" She halts, her mouth dropping open. "Perfect," she says and starts looking around. She picks up some old news papers and throws them over the fire.

The flame rises above the line of the bucket and heavy smoke fills the space. It smells sickeningly sweet, like burnt liqueur, and a nauseating taste settles in the back of my throat. We really need to get out of here before the flames become visible from inside the house. Or before we suffocate.

As if reading each other's minds, we both head for the door and slip into the chilly spring night. The fresh air instantly clears my head and a thrill makes its way down my spine. We've left havoc behind. We can't rush across the street because we'd be out in the open, so we head around the house, to the back.

We freeze at the corner. Miranda sits on the back steps, her chin resting in her hands, tears pouring down her cheeks. Marisa makes a move as if to get to her. I reach my arm out and block her progress.

"Don't you dare," I hiss.

She falters but falls behind me. Screw Miranda and her weeping. I'm more concerned about us being unable to get away from the rising shed fire. If we're caught, it will be our necks. And it's either run into the street, in full view, or pass through Miranda. I'm halfway to my pocket to pull out my phone and text Connor to get her out of there, when she suddenly stops her pathetic crying and pops one of the blue pills which probably came from the burning bags in the shed.

Even if I don't care and I just want her out of there, I'm weirdly fascinated by what will happen now. Deep down inside, I know drugs don't work instantly, that it takes a while for the effects to show, but Miranda's distraught face relaxes within minutes. A goofy smile spreads across her full lips and her dark brown eyes glaze over. Now, she looks happy, as if all the crying earlier was just a passing flight of fancy. If it weren't for the tear stains on her face, there would be no proof of it at all.

She wipes at them, then thankfully stands and heads back inside the house. Marisa grabs my hand and we hurry along the back of the building and jump the wooden fence between Lucas' yard and the next. With a tall line of wood between us and what we've done, I feel much safer. I lean against it, breathing deeply.

"No, come on." Marisa takes my hand again.

I'm not sure why I let her, but we scurry to the opposite fence, go around it, and only stop running once we're four houses down and safely hidden behind a low brick fence.

"We should tell Connor to get out of there," she breathes.

"No. Let him be with them when they discover it. Then there's no way they'll be suspicious of him."

Marisa bites her lower lip. "I see your point. But let's at least give him a heads up."

I do, and point out that Antoine threw his cigarette next to the bucket, just so he'd have a cause to suggest. Feebly and subtly, so that they'll think it was their idea in the first place.

Connor texts back almost at once. They just saw it. Not sure if I should be angry at you or applaud your brilliance.

They just saw it. Not sure if I should be angry at you or applaud your brilliance. Sorry, sunshine, I text back. He's a sappy idiot, but I can't help but grin like a maniac. We have dirt on Antoine and Lucas. We have dirt on Martin and Miranda. We set fire to Antione's drugs, his drug lab and Lucas' shed.

Sorry, sunshine, I'm proud. I'm actually freaking proud of both Connor and Marisa. The positive feeling is confusing, but the euphoria building inside me lets me accept it. I squeeze Marisa's hand then lean in and give her a hug. Her entire body is shaking like a leaf, but she's giggling into my hair.

"We make one hell of a team," she says, her voice a little shaky.

I nod. She's right. And it's a little bit frightening.

ðŸ§¿

I managed to produce a chapter! With all the ONC madness, I'm glad I managed to produce this. Things are moving. Three more people to go! Ava, Rod and Davey. What could they be hiding? What are their demons? We shall have to see.

I managed to produce a chapter! With all the ONC madness, I'm glad I managed to produce this. Things are moving. Three more people to go! Ava, Rod and Davey. What could they be hiding? What are their demons? We shall have to see. I hope I'll be able to update next week as well, but I might give in to the ONC hype and focus on that instead.

I hope I'll be able to update next week as well, but I might give in to the ONC hype and focus on that instead. Hope you enjoyed this chapter. Thanks for reading and don't forget to vote and comment if you liked it.





Hope you enjoyed this chapter. Thanks for reading and don't forget to vote and comment if you liked it.





Twenty Three


Comfort is a strange feeling. Easy to get into, even easier to lose. But it lowers your defences.

And I can't afford to lower my defenses.

But yet, here I am, in the diplomats' kitchen with Marisa and Connor, sharing and laughing about what happened.

"As annoying as it was to have to hang out there for another hour, I have to admit your plan was brilliant," Connor says.

"It was Adrienne's idea," Marisa says, her tone filled with pride and excitement. "I was losing my shit I'm there, but she kept her cool and figured out a way to make it work."

"That dumbass Antoine bought it, because he's always throwing his cigarette butts everywhere," he says with a flourish of his hand.

"And you!" I say, nodding towards him. "The way you stood in the door to make sure he didn't see us."

"Worst hiding place ever."

Both Marisa and I nudge his shoulder with our fists then dissolve into laughter. He has a point, so I can't get mad at him for the criticism. Plus, I already pointed out that we had no choice.

"I still feel so bad for Miranda," Marisa mutters, looking away from us.

Connor purses his lips and I do my best not to get into this argument again. I feel a small sense of victory that he seems to agree with me on this one, since he's usually all high on the morals horse with Marisa.

"Don't you dare say or think that she deserved it," she warns, pointing a finger at him.

think "No, I just think she's the perfect embodiment of Be careful what you wish for ," he says with a shrug.

Be careful what you wish for Marisa doesn't agree. I can see it on her face. But I don't care. She's wrong about one thing and it's refreshing to see, really.

"I should go," she says. "A little too much excitement for one night. But we did make important progress." She looks at our white board which is now full of information.

There are only four names left with white under them: Rosie, Rod, Davey and Ava. I'm not worried. Rosie and Davey are covered, so we just have Rod and Ava, really.

"You going too, Michaels?" I ask nonchalantly.

Truth is, I don't want to go home. I feel the buzz of victory and seeing my stupid parents is the worst way to come down from the high.

Connor narrows his eyes at me, as if trying to guess what I would want, and gives me that annoying smirk of his.

"Nah, I think I'll stick around for a while."

"Suit yourselves," Marisa says with a dramatic shrug. Then she winks at me before taking her leave which makes me want to gag.

As if now that we're alone, Connor will profess his love for me or something. Honestly, for a valedictorian, Marisa can be really stupid sometimes.

Connor doesn't profess his love for me at all. He just sighs and takes the room in. "I think Marisa is sort of right about Miranda," he suddenly says. "Martin is a dickward."

I grit my teeth, so sick of sympathy for idiots. "I actually think you said it best. She got what she wished for."

"What would Ava do if she found out?"

That is a very interesting question and one which I can't even begin to answer. The truth is, I don't know. Out of the bunch, Ava has always appeared to be the sensible one, lacking Rosie's haughtiness and being the voice of reason.

But I know there's a calculated monster behind that mask, so half of me believes she wouldn't even hurt over the news. She'd probably find a way to use it against them though.



"I'm not sure," I say truthfully.

"Yeah, me neither. I can't really read her." He hums and looks around the room. Then he reaches out into his back pocket and pulls out the little blue pill Antoine gave him.

"You still have that?" I ask, shocked. I expected him to flush it down the toilet or burn it or something.

"Yeah." He turns it between his fingers. "I wanted to throw it out, but realized it would be useful to know what it does. You never know. Maybe I'll have to take one at some point to prove myself to them and that's not the kind of surprise I want."

That's actually really smart of him. In spite of myself, I'm impressed. But I also feel a foreboding sense of danger and I really don't want to see him taking that.

"You don't want to," I say.

"Of course I don't want to. Plus, I kinda..." His voice fades and I barely make out the words bad history .

bad history My gossip radar is bleeping like crazy, but I sacrifice it in favor of team spirit. Now is not the time to pry. If I'm patient enough, it will come to me.

"Let me do it, then," I say.

His eyes widen. "Um, what?"

I nod. It makes perfect sense. Marisa is in disguise every day, going out with those twisted bitches and pretending to be an idiot. Connor now infiltrated the asshole gang. I'm the only one safe from the poison of the golden circle. This is my chance to give something back.

And if I'm completely honest, I'm a bit curious. I never took so much as a drag from a normal cigarette, let alone drugs. What would happen if I did? Would it help me escape the mess inside my head?

"Adrienne..." Connor seems unconvinced. "Trust me, you don't want a bad trip."

"Neither do you. I think you've had enough for one day, don't you?"

He bites his lower lip. "I don't want you to go all crazy on me."

I let out a bitter laugh. "You mean more than usual?"

He grins. "Yeah. You're crazy enough without the drugs." The smile fades from his face. "But really now..."

"It's my choice, Michaels. We both agree this has to happen. Besides, you'll be here."

The last bit seems to convince him because he purses his lips and nods. Huh. I expected him to fight me over it more, but his hatred for drugs must be huge.

A weird surge of excitement gets hold of me as I take the little blue pill and twist it between my fingers. It's already sticky from Connor's pocket and hands. I can still back out. I know I can convince him to take the fall. But I don't want to.

I want to try this.

So with a nonchalant shrug I put the pill on my tongue. It has a sickly sweet taste. I'm not even sure if I should swallow it so I let it fester on my tongue until it turns bitter.

"Yuck." I stick my tongue out.

"You're supposed to swallow that, you know."

I do, then stick my tongue at him again. I feel nothing. Antoine could be a bragging idiot and his pill is nothing but blue aspirin.

"It might take a while for it to have any effect," Connor says as if reading my mind.

"Drugs are boring," I mumble. "Plus, this could just be a dumb placebo. Think about it. Antoine is a moron. What chemistry skills does he have to pull off drugs?"

"I don't know. He's taking them himself and they seem to burn him pretty badly."

I scoff. "Advertising the merchandise for other idiots."



"I actually hope you're right. For the sake of everyone buying from him."

Connor is a good guy. And why am I even thinking that? Any decent human being would not want other humans to fry their brains with drugs. There's nothing special about him. He's just... So handsome. Not boyband material at all. His face is angular enough to work and I like black hair. It's so rare after all. The darkness of it seems to swallow me whole and I don't see anything outside of it anymore.

" Audrey !"

Audrey My breath hitches and my heart begins to pound, sending a painful rush of blood to my ears.

A little girl swings in a makeshift swing made up from ropes tied to the branch of a giant tree. Her mahogany hair swishes in the wind and her face is luminous with her innocent smile.

A little girl swings in a makeshift swing made up from ropes tied to the branch of a giant tree. Her mahogany hair swishes in the wind and her face is luminous with her innocent smile. She falls. The rope breaks and her knees scrape against the grass. Tears fill her eyes, but as footsteps pound towards her, she keeps a brave smile.

She falls. The rope breaks and her knees scrape against the grass. Tears fill her eyes, but as footsteps pound towards her, she keeps a brave smile. "Oh, Audrey!" A loving grandmother hugs the little girl. " I'll tell Bopa to fix it for you at once. Are you hurt?"

"Oh, Audrey!" A loving grandmother hugs the little girl. " I'll tell Bopa to fix it for you at once. Are you hurt?" Even if she is, she shakes her head. Audrey is a brave girl. She always smiles, even as other kids try to laugh at her. She would not let herself be dettered because life can be beautiful and she chooses to make it so.

Even if she is, she shakes her head. Audrey is a brave girl. She always smiles, even as other kids try to laugh at her. She would not let herself be dettered because life can be beautiful and she chooses to make it so. The pain, the loneliness as she leaves her friends behind, her beloved grandparents... But she has new friends, supportive parents. She can do it. She can do anything .

The pain, the loneliness as she leaves her friends behind, her beloved grandparents... But she has new friends, supportive parents. She can do it. She can do anything . Why can't I?

Why can't I? I just watch her from a distance, her confidence, her laughing face, her weakness showing, her soul shattered by Rosie Geld and the clique of sick, twisted women. Their dumb men and their own role in this.

Bloody tiles, darkness , the wind , the tears. The fall and the light disappearing from her eyes forever.

Bloody tiles, darkness , the wind , the tears. The fall and the light disappearing from her eyes forever. Bloody tiles, darkness , the wind, the tears...

Bloody tiles, darkness , the wind, the tears... Everyone is guilty. Everyone who stood by and let her fall. Who contributed to her life disappearing from this world.

Everyone is guilty. Everyone who stood by and let her fall. Who contributed to her life disappearing from this world. They have to pay. They all have to pay

They have to pay. They all have to pay "Audrey!"

"Audrey!" "Adrienne!"

I'm shaking. Every muscle in my body is shaking as I rock back and forth. My jaw is trembling, my teeth clattering together and I can't focus.

I can't focus. I can't see past Audrey's smiling face. The bloody tiles, the wind, the fall, the tears.

"She's gone, she's gone..." I whisper spasmodically.

"Hey." A soft voice precedes the warm touch on my cheeks.

I don't want to look up, I don't want to see. And yet, when I raise my eyes, I see his, sky blue with the faintest speck of grey, as if an impending storm is threatening, but never there.

He is the sky and the clouds and the sunshine after the rain.

"It's okay," he whispers. "You're going to be okay. They can't hurt Audrey anymore."

Yes they can! Yes they can!

Yes they can! Yes they can! But the scream never leaves my lips, blocked out by sobs.

"What did Audrey mean to you?" he asks.



"Everything," I breathe.

He can't understand, won't understand, and for the first time in my life I want someone to. To see beyond my wall, to break me out of this prison.

"We'll get them. We'll do her justice," he whispers. "We won't let them go unpunished."

I just nod, my body still shaking, images of the brave little girl still breaking through reality. For a moment, I'm sure she's here with us, that she'll come running into the kitchen, asking for water or cookies.

"She's so real," I say, but the words come out so jumbled, I'm not sure he can understand.

"You're so brave for doing this," he says, his hands tightening against my cheeks. "For facing them when no one else would, for seeking justice, for taking that damn drug."

The drug. It sends a wave of cold sweat to my back, the fear engulfing me. "Don't ever take the drug. Don't take it."

"I won't," he assures me. "Because of you, I now know what it does and I'm never taking it. Thank you."

I'm finally able to focus on his face. He's so close, his breath mixing with mine, the warmth of his hands the only thing keeping me together.

"You're going to be okay, Adrienne," he whispers. "I'll make sure of it."

I bite my lower lip, my eyes widening, my heart still racing. I've never had anyone promise to look after me. After Adrienne.

"I..." I lift my hand to his cheek. My muscles hurt, but I manage it.

He puts his hand over mine, to keep it there and I'm instantly colder. He's close to me, but not close enough. I lean over, seeking the heat of his body.

And just like that, he meets me halfway and kisses me.

His lips are hot, welcomed to unfreeze me, to breathe life into me. I let him. Let him part my lips and go exploring, let him wrap his arms around me, pull me into his lap.

He's so strong and delicious, and in that moment, I really do feel safe. I run my hands through his hair, enjoying the feel of it, the softness.

He's good at kissing. Good at touching. So perfect at heating me up. My hands wander over his body, under his shirt. His stomach is hard and I want to touch his skin.

"Adrienne," he whispers. His kisses move from my lips to my jawline and his mouth lingers next to my ear. "While I'm all for what you're doing, you just came off a bad trip. I can't take advantage of you like this."

"Shut up," I mumble, biting his lower lip.

He groans. "You're making this so hard." He pries my hands off his waist. "Honestly, you'll thank me tomorrow."

I don't want to thank him tomorrow. I want to thank him in twenty minutes after we're done screwing on the couch. Because there's nothing more I want right now than to have him over me, heat my freezing body.

"I should take you home," he says, though he can hardly pull himself off my lips long enough to speak.

"You should do me on the couch," I say instead. "I'm cold, Connor. I need you."

He sighs and picks me up. I instantly curl myself around him, happy that he can hold me up, that I can touch more of him.

"Unfortunately, that's the drug. So when you shake off the effects, you'll never forgive me for taking advantage of you."

I hate his morals. I kind of hate him at the moment for being able to resist me.

"So I'm not attractive enough for you?"

"Oh, you are. Enough so that I want to keep talking to you after the trip is over. Plus, avoiding you killing me in my sleep is high on my priorities list."

I'm not listening anymore. My body yearns for contact, for heat, so it starts trembling again.

"Shit," Connor mumbles. "I thought it was over. I don't think I should take you home."

Still holding me coiled around him, he takes me upstairs. I'm starting to get drowsy so I'm not sure if I want to sleep with him or just sleep. At this point, I think I'll be a pretty bad lay.

He enters a bedroom and drops me on the bed. My hands reach out for him, but he pulls a cover over me instead.

"You need to sleep," he says.

"Kiss me goodnight then."

I expect him to launch into another boring speech about morals, but he doesn't. Instead, he leans over me and plants a kiss on my lips. It's lingering, even if he doesn't use his tongue anymore.

"Disappointing," I mumble.

He lets out a laugh. "I bet you won't think so in the morning."

The thought of the night sends my heart into overdrive again, but this time it's with fear. "Don't leave me alone!"

His smile is tender this time. "Don't worry. I'll be right here if you need me."

It's maybe his words that keep the monsters at bay at night.

ðŸ§¿

I was very looking forward to writing this chapter . Because stuff happened! And there's also so much in there.

I was very looking forward to writing this chapter . Because stuff happened! And there's also so much in there. I really hope you enjoyed it. And do you think it will stick ? Is Adrienne just tripping or is this whole Connor thing actually happening ? How much of it is real?

I really hope you enjoyed it. And do you think it will stick ? Is Adrienne just tripping or is this whole Connor thing actually happening ? How much of it is real? And especially... Now what? ðŸ˜… She might not like it when she wakes up.

And especially... Now what? ðŸ˜… She might not like it when she wakes up. I'm going to take a small break from updating this. I want to focus on it properly and I don't think I can while I'm writing something else. So I'm going to try and finish LC and then focus on this solely .

I'm going to take a small break from updating this. I want to focus on it properly and I don't think I can while I'm writing something else. So I'm going to try and finish LC and then focus on this solely . I do hope the break won't last more than a month, so wish me luck!

I do hope the break won't last more than a month, so wish me luck! Don't forget to vote and comment if you enjoyed.

Don't forget to vote and comment if you enjoyed.





Twenty Four


Nothing is worse than the loss of sanity. Because once you lose it, you might find you like it without it, so it becomes really hard to take it back.

I did not enjoy my trip or the way I passed out and spent my night in a fever induced daze in which Connor shifted in and out of focus. At some point, I was certain he'd come to bed with me, touched me, kissed me some more. Screwed me like I'd asked him so desperately.

But as I blink in the cold light of morning and identify his body curled up on an armchair in the corner of the bedroom, I'm sure he didn't. He'd be in bed with me, our limbs tangled together. He is good . He is noble .

good noble He makes me sick.

I need to get out of here, but the moment I sit up, my vision turns into sparkling fireworks and I let out a groan. There's white noise filling my ears and it only increases my headache. When my vision finally returns, Connor is sitting in front of me, his eyebrows drawn together, his mouth a thin line of worry.

"Hey," he whispers, like we're in some sappy romantic movie.

"Why are you here?" I growl.

"I thought it useful not to let you choke on your own vomit."

Did I vomit and I don't remember it? The thought of him holding back my hair as I hurl into a bucket makes me want to do it all over his pretty face.

I should probably say thank you, but I won't. Screw him. As the words form in my mind, my body does a sudden lurch and I'm unpleasantly reminded of how much I kissed him last night and how he held me in his lap. I wanted to do it so badly.

I grit my teeth and look away. It's disgusting, but a small part of me still kind of wants to. I remember the heat of his skin, the tight muscles on his stomach and back. Damn him for being attractive, for being strong. For being a gentleman.

"Coffee will help," he offers, tilting his head to face me.

"Fine," I snap. "Get me coffee."

"Don't you want to come downstairs instead?"

Yeah, don't want to lounge around in bed all day. I don't even know what time it is and I don't have my phone. My stomach clenches with nerves and my heartbeat skyrockets. My phone. My link to TMI. What if someone stole it? What if Connor looked into it, saw something, did something?

did I push the covers off me and try to stand. The room tilts and I almost ram headfirst into the floor. He catches me and helps me into a vertical position, but it doesn't improve anything. My head spins.

"You really need coffee," he mumbles a second before he picks me up like I'm nothing.

really "Put me down." I try to sound demanding, but my voice is embarrassing and small.

"Sure. As soon as you convince me you can walk."

I thump his chest, but he only chuckles at my pathetic attempt. I want to rage and hit harder. I want to cry and curl into a ball. That drug sucks. I instantly have the desire to destroy Antoine.

Finally, we reach the kitchen and Connor places me on a stool before heading for the coffee machine. I'm cold again once he detaches himself from me, so I groan and flop my head on the counter. Why can't my body just stay warm on its own?

"I know, I know," he says soothingly as he turns on the coffee machine.

The grinding of the beans almost makes me throw up. "What exactly do you know?"

"That getting off trips is hard."

"How many drugs did you do?"

"Wouldn't you like to know, miss TMI?"



I actually would, by I feign lack of interest and look around. "Have any idea where my phone is?"

"Nope."

I squint at him, trying to tell if he's lying, but he completely ignores me while looking for mugs. I take the time to scan my surroundings and identify my phone exactly where I remember leaving it last night. On one of the shelves of a nearby cabinet probably used to store wine bottles.

Moving as little as possible, I fish it off the shelf and turn it on. I have a message from my dumb mother asking me if I crashed at a friend and a few notifications for new rumors on TMI. I swipe them away and notice I have one more text from Marissa.

How's it going? ðŸ˜

How's it going? I hate that smirking emoji with a passion. Like something would happen between me and Connor! Then I realize it actually did. I raise my eyes and watch his lean body moving around the kitchen, looking for snacks. A lot more still could.

Ugh, what the hell? He's disgusting.

Ugh, what the hell? And yet, I'm curious if his kisses feel like fire when I'm not stoned out of my mind. Terrible curiosity, really. Useless. Not like it's going to happen.

"Here you go." He places a mug of steaming hot coffee in front of me, leaning in way too close.

I watch him, the way his eyes sparkle, the way his mouth is turned into an almost-a-smirk, tainted by some weird sort of tenderness. What is he doing? Did what happened last night actually mean something to him?

mean And if it did, could I use it?

I'm sure he misinterprets my pensive air, because his eyes widen a little with curiosity and he leans forward. I don't back away, fascinated by how dumb he is. A little curious myself as to what he's planning to do.

So when he comes closer, I let him. When his lips brush against mine, I don't move, don't cuss at him, don't punch him away. He leans even closer and his heat envelops me, messing with my head. I part my lips and let him kiss me. He tastes like coffee already. I like that.

Like the way he places one head behind my head and deepens the kiss, like the way our tongues wrestle for dominance. I wasn't imagining it, he really is a good kisser. My body loosens up and I'm pretty sure it would feel amazing to climb into his lap again.

Can I use this?

Can I use this? He's making me weak, making me feel a primal need that shouldn't be there.

Can I use this?

Can I use this? Will he betray me if he's in love with me?

He pulls away and leans his forehead against mine. Romantic as fuck. Poor little boy.

"I'm surprised I'm still alive. Totally worth it anyway."

"Shut up and give me coffee," I mumble, even if my body is still cold and I don't want him to pull away. "You already had some."

I can feel him smiling, since his mouth is pressed against my cheek. He's still holding on to me, as if afraid letting me go would permit me to inflict the pain. He's not wrong. I actually like that he's not an idiot. Well, not all the time.

My phone chimes and I pull away from him and focus on that. My mind is still spinning as I try to do something with that kiss. Figure out what it means, what I want to do with it. If I want to do more. Would it help if I did?

This is stupid. He's a dumb guy. He could be using me, just trying to see if I'll go all the way and then go brag to his stupid friends about it. How he fucked the psycho. Though if he wants that, he could always go to Donna Jensen.



The thought makes me shudder so I focus on my phone again. I almost splutter. I have a text from Rod Wiseman. It's short and stupid, just like him.

Want to grab a cup of coffee? â˜•

Want to grab a cup of coffee? â˜• Whoever the hell invented emojis? Or, better yet, what does this mean?

A sudden wave of cold sweat covers my body. Could he know that we set fire to Lucas' shed? Does he want to grill me? Threaten me?

"What happened? You look like you're panicking." Connor drops a Captain America mug in front of me and has a seat.

I raise my eyes, suddenly afraid to let him see. Would he be jealous? Forbid me from going?

I shake my head, hoping the stupid thoughts would get thrown out with the movement. What the hell is wrong with me? This is my operation. What I do doesn't concern Connor or Marissa or anyone else. I need those drugs out of my system now.

my So I turn off my screen and take a giant swing of coffee. It's not hot, so I don't burn my tongue like I half expected. Connor actually put milk in it .

milk . " You pansy! You drink your coffee with milk?"

" He shrugs and takes a sip out of his own mug. "What of it? Makes it taste better and instantly cools it down."

"Pussy."

He smirks as if there's something sexual behind my affirmation. I glare back, hating how his stare makes me feel naked, like he can see inside me. He doesn't know the first thing about me.

"You're so weird," he finally says, then takes another sip. "But, on the other hand, so am I."

"What the hell are you talking about?"

"We kissed. Last night we did a little more than kiss. And yet, here we are, you abusing me, me taking it like nothing happened. And I strangely don't mind."

"So it wasn't a big deal to you."

He squints at me, that annoying all-knowing smirk still on his face. "I have no idea which is the answer you want to hear, so I'll give you none."

"Pussy."

"Stop saying that."

"Why? Is it making you hungry?"

"Youch, that mouth on you!"

"What about it?"

He doesn't answer, just leans over and traps any other words in with his mouth. I want to bite his tongue, but end up dueling it with my own instead. He's the one to pull back, but still stays close, as if to make sure he can shut me up in the same way if necessary.

"You were very hard to resist last night," he says, his voice low and breathy. "Just so you know, if you're into that sober, I'm game."

"Of course you are." I push his face away. "You're a guy."

"Hey, you're the one who keeps bringing it up."

"Dumbass."

He laughs and I bite back a smile. He's fun, I'll give him that. And a good kisser. If he'd only lose the goody-two-shoes attitude, he'd be even better. Surprisingly enough, I like the way he just shut me up.

I shouldn't like it. I shouldn't let him come anywhere near me without consent. I should punch him in the face and reestablish boundaries.

Can I use him like this?

Can I use him like this? That thought won't go away. I'm still too groggy and am fucking up this entire situation. I need to get away from him and think. So I finish my coffee, down a glass of water and then go to the bathroom to piss the drugs out of my system.

Maybe it's a mental thing, but after I flush, I actually feel a lot better. My head is no longer foggy, I can stand and walk on my own, and I finally realize that my text from Rod Wiseman is not a result of the shed fire, but rather of his latest awkward conversation with me in which he kept claiming that we should hang out.

What the fuck does he want?

I shouldn't antagonize him. I should give him the information and the perspective on me that I want him to have. And he's by no means smart enough to deal even with a tripping me, let alone a version with coffee and self-confidence in her system.

So I text him back and ask him when and where he wants to meet. The boy is tripping. He answers in the next five seconds, giving me a location and asking me to come then. Moron.

I'm half-way through confirming my presence when something else comes to mind.

I hope you're not there with your clique because I've had a rough night and I'm not in the mood.

I hope you're not there with your clique because I've had a rough night and I'm not in the mood. His answer comes instantly again. Of course not. It's just me. I just wanna talk. ðŸ™Œ

Of course not. It's just me. I just wanna talk. ðŸ™Œ Really now? I smirk, wondering if Rosie knows what he's doing. That's one thing I can ask him when I get there.

So I just confirm, brush my teeth with a spare toothbrush I find in the cabinet, and come out of the bathroom.

"You feeling better?" Connor asks the moment I enter the open space living room.

"Yeah. Going home, actually."

"Want me to drive you?"

I huff. "What is this? The middle ages? No. I can handle myself. Go do your own thing."

He narrows his eyes. "I don't know if I'm annoyed or incredibly turned on right now."

I glance at his crotch. "Annoyed, apparently."

He laughs and fortunately makes no other sexual allusions, because part of me still wants to screw him for some insane reason. I'm still thinking it's the drug residue.

I think I'm safe, that I can ditch him, but he catches me by the door and pulls me in for another kiss. I let him, because I might need the energy, but once I'm out the door and into the crisp morning air, I regret it a little.

He's messing with my head. He's making me vulnerable. Can I use him like this? Ugh, why do I actually like kissing him? I don't even like him . Maybe that's why. Because he's not a danger to my sanity. Just a way for my teenage body to get its hormone cocktail.

Can I use him like this? him Not that it matters. Connor's feelings for me could be a guarantee and his actions regarding me are irrelevant to our scheme.

My impending date with Rod Wiseman is not. So the minute I turn the corner of the street, Connor Michaels and his burning kisses are out of my head.

ðŸ§¿

I am baaack. Yes, I want to start updating this again and actually finish the story. So stay tuned as I try to settle into an updating schedule once again. Wish me luck.

I am baaack. Yes, I want to start updating this again and actually finish the story. So stay tuned as I try to settle into an updating schedule once again. Wish me luck. Thanks for reading and don't forget to vote and comment if you've enjoyed.

Thanks for reading and don't forget to vote and comment if you've enjoyed.





Twenty Five


They say hope dies last. That affirmation is beyond false. Hope dies first, the moment you realize it is nothing but a foolish ploy to keep you away from what really matters.

The truth.

And the hope in Rod Wiseman's eyes borders on disgusting.

He's positioned facing the door, at a table in the middle of the cafe, as if to make sure everyone's got eyes on him. I wish he were a lot further back so I could have a few seconds to assess him before putting my mask on. As it is, I actually need to smile .

smile He smiles back, his pale blue eyes glittering in a way that reminds me why I want to smack him. He's always had everything. He can hope and grin, put himself out there because he knows nothing can go wrong.

knows "Adrienne," he says the moment I reach his table, as if I don't know my own name.

I bite back a scathing remark regarding his intellect and settle for a lame, "Hi."

His eyes shift from left to right, then over my shoulder, and his smile falters a degree. I fight the impulse to glance behind me and see what he's so worked up about.

"Let's move further back, shall we?" he says, reaching out his arm to the left.

Ah yes, of course. Since the table he initially picked is visible from the street, it wouldn't do to talk to some other girl but his girlfriend in plan sight.

I just shrug and follow, because I'm too curious what he wants to be concerned about this. Not like he's leading me away from people to murder me or anything

We take a seat in a booth, as far away from the windows as possible, and he sweeps the cafe one more time with suspicious eyes before an easy smile falls on his face and he focuses on me.

"I'm really glad you came."

Oh, God, what a simpleton. "Sure. It was nice of you to invite me." Even my poor mouth can't believe it let those pathetic words out.

His smile broadens and he places his phone on the table. It's the latest iPhone and I already want to throw it at his stupid face. Why is he even doing this? Is he recording our conversation? But the screen is facing up and it's dark and I'm not sure if recorder apps can work with a blocked screen.

"How have you been?"

The king of small talk strikes again. "Good, I guess."

"That's great to hear." He nods as if I've provided vital information.

It's probably the only kind of conversation he can follow.

I stay silent as a waitress stops by our table to take our order. I just get black espresso while Wiseman shows off his special coffee knowledge and winks at the waitress. She giggles like a goose, as if Prince Charming himself just flirted with her.

"You really can't help it, can you?" I ask the moment she disappears, swinging her hips.

"Can't help what?" He turns to me, the dumb smile still on his face.

Trying to fuck everything that moves . "Putting on your charm."

Trying to fuck everything that moves "Ah, well." His chest puffs and he looks very pleased with my words. "I don't want to put it on just anybody."

I half-drop my eyelids. "So that waitress was someone important?"

He runs his hand through his gelled-back hair. He looks so much like Malfoy, it's scary. "Colateral."

"Is that why we're here?" I ask, because I'm already annoyed with this situation. "So that you can put your charm on me?"

He falters and a lock of his hair leaves the perfect gel prison. He doesn't answer, and I'm half tempted to kick him under the table to get a reaction from him.



"Does Rosie know you're here?" I ask, bringing out the big guns.

His eyes shift towards his phone and I get a sinking feeling in my stomach.

"Is she listening to this? Are you two pulling some kind of prank on me?" My hand darts into the pouch of my hoodie and tightens against the hilt of my swiss army knife.

"No, of course not." His voice comes out high and panicking. "Look." He pushes his phone towards me and I'm left looking at a picture of him and Rosie hugging in the park.

"Then why are we here?"

"To talk."

"About what?"

"Well, I was hoping about you."

My grip on the knife tightens. "What about me?" My voice comes out a lot more belligerent then I intended, but at this point I'm too suspicious of his motives.

He leans over the table and takes my other hand. His skin is cold and clammy. I look at our joined hands and grit my teeth, doing my best to sit still and not start trembling.

"What happened just sucked so much."

"I don't want to talk about it," I snap.

He squeezes my hand. "I completely understand, but I just want to have it out there."

"Rosie--"

"Rosie is not a problem."

Something prods the back of my mind, the familiarity in his words unsettling. His eyes are big and just a tiny bit teary, as if he wants to convince me that he's being honest.

We're in a cafe and Rod Wiseman in holding my hand. Rosie is apparently not a problem.

My mind starts whirling and I decide to take a shot in the dark. I pull my hand out from under his and place it on top, squeezing lightly. My gesture draws a smile from him. I force my lips to quirk up and my eyes to crinkle at the corners.

"You're really beautiful when you smile," he says with all the subtlety of a U-haul truck.

"You don't need those cheap tricks, you know," I point out, even if I make my tone as kind as possible. Which is not much.

"I'm just being honest. And you need to hear these things."

No, I don't. What I need to hear are his deepest, darkest secrets. But I can't play this game for long, not when I'm half a second away from making a face. My skin is already crawling.

"How often do you do this?" I ask instead, doing my best to sound meek.

He frowns in confusion because he has no sense for the obvious. "Do what?"

Go out with girls behind your girlfriend's back. "Tell girls they're beautiful."

Go out with girls behind your girlfriend's back. He looks a little flustered and once again runs his hand through his hair. It gets messier. "Not often, really."

He's such a bad liar. And when he smiles again, it's so obviously forced. "I just have to give you what you're due."

Why is he doing this? What is he hoping to achieve? He's not even tapping into his usual bad boy persona. Does he think this dweeb act would appeal to me?

But all that is irrelevant when the obvious hits me.

I'm not the first person he's ever done this with. Rod Wiseman is cheating on Rosie Geld.

I have him.

Unfortunately, I need some form of proof. I can't record or film him right now. I would need a third party to make a video anyway. I think about texting Marisa real quick, but all my plans are foiled by the appearance of Davey Postvam.



"Hey there," he says in that lazy way of his, as if nothing and no one matters. "What are you guys doing?"

Rod stiffens and pulls his hand out of mine. "What are you doing here?"

Davey throws me an intense look before grabbing a chair and sitting at our table. "Was just passing through. Can't I enjoy a cup of coffee with friends?"

Right on cue, the waitress appears with our orders. This time, she completely ignores Rod in favor of his much better looking friend. Davey gives her a half-smile and orders his own espresso.

"You don't even like coffee," Rod says between his teeth.

"Neither do you," he fires back, nodding at the tall glass filled with whipped cream, milk and mild traces of coffee. "That's not coffee." He glances at me and looks a little surprised by the tiny white cup.

"I don't need you here," Rod says, sounding like a huffy brat being denies dessert.

Davey raises his eyebrows, his green eyes moving from me back to his siamese twin. "You obviously do."

Rod seethes, but says nothing. I just watch the two of them, trying to figure out what the hell is going on. It feels to me like Rod has been trying to shake Davey off for a while, but the task is proving more difficult than he anticipated. Predictable enough since Rod is moron.

Davey's intense gaze returns to me, and I do my best to ignore him, and keep watching Rod who is turning more crimson by the second until he resembles an overripe beet.

And when he lets out a defeated sigh, I finally get it.

Davey is Rosie's lap dog, keeping an eye on her cheating boyfriend and preventing him from actually doing any cheating. Because if word got out, it would be a PR disaster.

It would actually be a PR disaster for both of them, so I stiffen at the weirdness of Wiseman's behavior. Why risk his relationship with Rosie and his status as king of Petraka three months before graduation? Once again, I wonder if this is some elaborate ploy to catch me, stop me, prevent me from spilling their secrets.

But, then again, Rod doesn't have the intellect to pull something like that off. And Rosie would never endorse his cheating just to do that. Her image is the most important thing in the world for her.

"So..." Davey joins his fingers behind his head and spreads out his elbows as he leans back in his chair. "What are you guys talking about?"

"Nothing in particular," Rod mumbles. "And with you here, now it's just awkward."

"Why would it be awkward if it's just a friendly chat?" Davey asks, smiling at me.

It's so fake I almost laugh. I don't though, because I realize he's currently carrying their common brain, so he would probably detect I'm up to something.

"I'm just as curious as you to see what Rod wants," I answer sweetly.

They both cringe at my affirmation.

"Please don't call me Rod," he says, as if that's not his name. "I hate that name."

I purse my lips, doing my best to at least seem like I'm taking his attempt at upgrading his name seriously. "What should I call you then?"

"Rodney. That is my full name after all. Rod just sounds..."

Like a dick? Fitting since he actually is one. But I just nod as if I give a shit about his wishes.

"What about you, Davey?"

"I think we've had this conversation before," he says, narrowing his eyes at me. I actually low key hate him for being so attractive. "I'm not Davy Crockett and I'm also not five. David is fine."



I haven't once heard anyone calling him David except for Rod, so his attempt not to get associated with frontiersmen is laughable.

"Okay." I cross my arms over my chest and lean back in my chair. "So, Rodney , why am I here?"

Rodney "As I said, I just wanted to chat. Catch up."

Maybe I would've believed him if the tips of his pale ears weren't red. He has no idea what to say to me. Davey obviously killed his vibe, and this meeting has become a waste of my time.

I already have what I want. Rod Wiseman's secret and maybe a part of Davey Postvam's. I glance between them, wondering if Davey is working for Rosie or is really Rod's friend, trying to keep him out of trouble.

And if it's all for Rosie, what's in it for him? Is she paying him? Are they sleeping together? Somehow, I don't see Rosie turning him down if he suggested it. I don't think any of those skanks would. He's too popular and good looking.

I squint at him. How many of the girls did he sleep with? I know for a fact he screwed Donna Jensen's brains out, she was nice enough to describe it in her little black book, but what about the other four? A part of me is convinced he did them all, but I wish I had proof and dates. Though painting him as a manwhore wouldn't affect his street cred.

What are you hiding? He has to have something wrong with him, or he wouldn't be hanging out with drug dealers, sex addicts, cheaters, murderers and psychopaths.

What are you hiding? He squints back at me, as if I'm the immoral one at the table. Rod just looks like a five-year-old caught at the grownup table.

I decide I've had enough. I need to present the new information to my team and make more progress. So with a forced smile, I stand.

"It was nice catching up with you two, but I have somewhere else I need to be."

Rod stands, while Davey just sends a lazy, victorious smile my way.

"Thanks for coming, Adrienne," Rod says. "I hope we can talk again soon."

"Or not," Davey interjects.

I ignore them both and walk out. So Davey doesn't like me. I don't give a shit, but a small part of me still wonders why.

ðŸ§¿

Marisa and Connor are a bit shocked by the news I bring. I'm not sure why since Wiseman being a womanizer is not that much of a stretch.

"I can't believe you went to meet him alone," Connor mumbles.

"Are you jealous ?" I ask with a huff. Though he'd better be.

jealous "It's not that. You left without telling me where you were going. I thought you were heading home."

I point a finger at him. "I'm not your girlfriend, Michaels."

He growls and for a second actually looks a bit scary. "This is about safety, not petty jealousy, smartass. What if something would've happened to you and we had no idea where you were?"

Marisa hums in agreement. I let it slide because it sounds legit enough, but they're both way too stupid about this. I got along fine without them for months. Even if we're a team now, I don't actually need them. I can take care of myself.

"It's very interesting that Rod would want to meet you to hit on you," Marisa says moving to the whiteboard.

I bristle at what her affirmation implies. "Why? Am I not golden circle material?"



"Not that. I think I pointed it out before..." Marisa taps her full lower lip with a marker, brushing my protest aside. "You haven't exactly made any effort to woo him."

"Maybe he likes the chase," Connor says with a shrug.

"Maybe, but it still feels weird."

"Maybe it's exactly because of that. Like him cheating with Adrienne would stay off the radar."

"I... I don't think so."

I shut them out because their words are starting to grate on my nerves. "Who cares why he's doing it? You're missing the point! He's a cheater! He's playing Rosie. We have his secret and it's one that could leave him castrated!"

"Fair point," Connor mumbles.

"Yes. But the thing is, we'll need proof," Marisa points out. "Even if TMI is doing great at the moment, we can't afford to go after the golden circle without hard evidence."

I grit my teeth, hating that she's right. But, on the other hand, it shouldn't be too hard to get evidence. "True. But that's fine. I'll just wait for him to ask me out again and then the two of you can follow and get the evidence we need."

"What kind of evidence?" Connor asks a little too fast.

I narrow my eyes at him, hoping he'll read the damn warning. "The kind that is necessary."

"You two okay?" Marisa asks, her voice laced with worry.

"Oh, just peachy," he says, his tone so fake I'm sure she caught it.

She doesn't comment and turns back to the whiteboard. "This just leaves Ava and David."

I stare at her. Not just because she called him David, but because she's messing with my plans. "What do you mean we need dirt on Postvam? Don't you have that already?"

Marisa turns to me, her eyes wide with confusion. "No. When did I even imply something like that?"

"He did something to you."

did "Yeah," she answers, her tone filled with annoyance. "Something embarrassing for me , not him."

me "I'm sorry, Marisa," Connor says.

I'm not sorry. I'm just annoyed because she just proved she's a lot more useless than I thought.

"Goddamnit," I mumble. "Now we need something on that guy, too. Michaels, can you handle that?"

Connor's mouth twists into a snarl, but he says, "Fine. I'll see what I can do."

And with that, we conclude our short brainstorming session. Marisa puts away the markers and hurries across the street to her house. I apparently interrupted important homework .

important homework Connor stands, too, looking anywhere but at me. I can tell he wants to say something, so the moment Marisa is out of sight, I grumble a "What?"

He glares at me from his towering height. "I guess you really are that cold."

"I mean what I said. I'm not your girlfriend and I do whatever the hell I want."

"Okay. But with that attitude, you'll just end up alone."

I clench my fists. "So what?"

"You could've at least told me to back off this morning. I didn't expect any favors from you."

The angrier he gets, the more attractive he seems to become. And even if I don't really care that he's angry and he could go jump in a lake as far as I'm concerned, I do sense the obvious danger.

He's smart and I'm relying on him to get dirt on maybe the smartest person in the golden circle. I don't need him as my enemy right now. I need his undying loyalty.

So even if I want to go knee him in the groin for being a presumptuous prick, I walk over and plant a kiss on his lips.

He pulls back almost instantly and the rejection twists my stomach.

"What are you doing?" he asks.

"Apologising."

It's a simple, yet effective word meant to appease to his predictable soft side. And like a miracle, but not really, it works.

His face soften and he gives me a small smile. "I'm just worried about you. Some people truly care."

Oh, my God, he's so pathetic and should really stop talking before I vomit all over him. So, instead, I kiss him again. This time, he responds, locking his arms around me and going in to explore.

I let him since he's fairly talented at it, and even allow him to put his hands on my butt. Men are so pathetic and predictable.

When we break apart, he's smiling again, ever the infatuated puppy. I smile back, then make my exit, more than ready to be away from his smothering presence.

I have better things to do than cater to his stupid feelings. Like find a way to destroy Rod Wiseman's.

ðŸ§¿

Thanks so much for reading TMI. Don't forget to leave a vote and/or comment if you enjoyed this chapter. All thoughts are highly appreciated.



Thanks so much for reading TMI. Don't forget to leave a vote and/or comment if you enjoyed this chapter. All thoughts are highly appreciated.





Twenty Six


They say patience is a virtue. It's not. It's just a way to pat yourself on the head when things aren't moving as fast as they should.

No one should have to wait to reach their goals.

No one should have to sit through three dates with Rod Wiseman.

After his initial coffee invitation, the moron upped his game and texted me two days later, claiming to take me somewhere nice.

Despite the alarm bells blaring inside my head, I hid my swiss army knife in my bra, gave up my large dark clothes in favor of stone blue jeans and a checkered shirt and agreed to meet the devil again.

He picked me up from my house in his expensive car and drove me to Arlington Park. Then, to my utter horror, we started walking around aimlessly, his hands deep inside his pockets, as he kept gabbing about the most irrelevant crap.

I swear, I had no idea Rod Wiseman knew so many words. But while I stayed silent, he kept prattling on about his early childhood and some of the stupid kiddy stuff he used to do.

It was beyond useless and I couldn't for the life of me figure out why he thought I would even care.

To be fair, he first tried to trick me into talking about myself, but after I thwarted him and moved the conversation back to him a couple of times, he just rolled with it.

Some things spewing out of his mouth are a tiny bit interesting. I did pick up on the fact that he and Rosie are childhood friends, so it sort of explains how in sync they are. Davey turned their duo into a trip once school started.

It's hard for me to compute that he has no trouble talking about kid Rosie while taking a walk with another girl. I also notice he doesn't go into any details after middle school.

By the time we have a seat on a bench, I've completely tuned him out, my mind programmed to reactivate should certain trigger words be uttered. Just as well, since he switched to a passionate debate about the importance of recycling. Politics are even more boring than his childhood.

"So, what do you think?" he asks.

I snap out of my pit of comfortable apathy and realize I haven't been paying attention at all over the past five minute. Easy enough to cover.

"That you're really passionate about garbage."

He lets out a laugh because he's nothing but an ass-kissing tool. "That's true. We're all passionate about something."

That is true. And I guess he's passion is something that perfectly reflects his personality. He asks me what I'm into and I feed him some bullshit about emo art before playing the curfew card. This interaction has proven useless and a waste of my time. I want to get back home.

is However, on our walk back towards the car, he brushes his shoulder against mine. My first impulse is to punch him in the stomach, but I do my best not to move. About halfway to the entrance of the park, he takes my hand.

I want to break his every finger, but I let it slide and actually entwine my fingers between his. I expect him to lead me to the nearest secluded area filled with vegetation and try to cop a feel, but instead, we continue to walk like kindergartners on a field trip.

He holds the car door open for me and drops me home, just like that. This date was a disaster. I can't believe nothing happened and I have to go out with him again .

again So for the next one, I bring out the big guns. Screw shirts and jeans. I pull on a tank top with a decent cleavage and a short skirt, just to make sure he gets the memo.



His eyes widen when he sees me, but he doesn't comment on it. Connor, who is following me for this occasion however does, in a text that reeks of jealousy.

I ignore him, and once I climb into Wiseman's car, I stretch my hand out the window and flip him off. He can't possibly understand how much I want this to end, so I don't have to see Rod's rat face and have to sit through another conversarion about garbage. His true colors will come out and I'll get my proof.

Unfortunately, Rod doesn't get the memo and takes me to another park along the river. We get down from the car start and walking again. He takes my hand right away, but doesn't try to put the moves on me. Instead, he's back to talking.

"You're parents were incredible at the dinner party my parents held. I'm a little disappointed I didn't see you there."

I shrug, completely unaware that my parents managed to be on the list for a soiree at the Wiseman mansion.

"I'm surprised they were invited," I mumble.

"Are you kidding?" Rod sounds honestly surprised. "Your dad is a rising star. He's had some incredible ideas for my parents' platform."

Translation: my mom probably fucked Rod's dad. Does that make us step siblings of sorts?

Political discourse bores the life out of me, but I let him prattle on, aware that the alternative is him trying to engage me in conversation.

We reach a bench and sit down. It's in a secluded part of the park for once, with a view of the meadow where families are having picknicks. I'm once again disgruntled by how lame this guy is.

He lets go of my hand, which tips me off that it's about to get even lamer, and joins his fingers behind his head.

"I can't wait to get out of here," he says.

I turn to him, a little startled by his confession. "What do you mean?"

"Just a few more months and I'll be heading to Stanford and actually be in charge of my own life for once."

I blink and watch him through narrowed eyes, trying to detect any sort of trap in his words. "You're the king of Petraka. Why would you want that to end?"

His mouth twists with bitterness. "The king is dead. Long live the king."

That comment is a lot more intelligent than expected and I shift a little further from him. He doesn't seem to notice, his frowning gaze lost in the grass.

"It takes an unreal amount of balance to survive, and I'm sick of it," he finally declares, as if he's found the meaning of life.

You're sick of it? Do you have any idea how those you bully feel?

You're sick of it? Do you have any idea how those you bully feel? I want to yell at him, ram his face into the edge of the bench hard enough to crack it open. Who does he think he is, acting like the victim?

"I think you know better than me what it takes to survive. I want to be free."

Goosebumps erupt over my arms due to the sheer effort it takes not to claw his eyes out. He knows nothing about me.

He takes my gesture the wrong way and places his blazer over my shoulders. "Are you alright?"

"Not really. Can we go?"

He hums and stands. I join him, and he's apparently so freaked out, he's not even taking my hand anymore, so I have to do it. And exactly because I hate his guts and never want to see it again, I have to make sure another date doesn't need to happen.

Once we're in the car, I place my hand on his knee. He throws me a sideways glance, seeming a bit unsettled. I'd be too. It only takes half a brain to tell I'm up to something.



"I'm sorry I cut it short," I say, trying to justify the sudden touch. "I was enjoying it."

What I say makes no sense, but he buys it and smiles for some reason. We can't get back to my place fast enough. And when we do get there, it's up to me once again to make him get out of the car and walk me to my door.

Once we get there, I swear, I'm one second away from bashing his face in. Why isn't he taking any hints? He just stares at me like a suffocating fish.

"Maybe I should go," he mumbles, his eyes locked on my chest.

Maybe you should drop dead. I hate him for making me do this. But as it is, with a huge internal groan, I take his hand and place it on my hip.

Maybe you should drop dead. "Thanks for a wonderful time," I whisper, leaning in.

He just stares some more, but fortunately leans in to meet me. In seconds, his lips or on mine and he brings his other hand to grasp my waist. His kiss is shy and pathetic, nothing like Connor who is all assertive.

It actually takes him about a minute of child's play before he actually gets to guts to French me.

"Hi there. Hope I'm not interrupting something."

I'm going to freaking kill Connor Michaels!

Rod jumps away from me, his face devoid of all color and looks to my left. Connor strides towards us, a lazy smile on his face.

"Hey man, what are you doing here?" Rod asks, his words coming out in a tumbling mess that couldn't sound more guilty.

"Was just out walking," Connor says, stopping next to us.

"But you don't live around here."

"I walk a lot." He turns to me as if he doesn't know me. "Adrienne, right?"

a lot." "Right," I say between my teeth.

"Connor, can I talk to you?" Rod suddenly sounds serious, as if the king of Petraka climbed back on his throne.

"Sure, man."

Rod gives me a once-over, but I'm obviously not his object of interest anymore. "I'll catch you later."

Yeah, whatever. I wave at the two of them and get inside. Once I hear the engine of Rod's car burst to life and the tires screech away, I let out a frustrated yell.

"Honey, are you okay?"

My mother charges out of the kitchen, dressed in jeans and a checkered shirt, like the perfect suburban mom. There's white powder on her face and I can't believe she's doing blow now .

now "Just leave me alone," I snap.

She frowns as if I'm the one in the wrong. "Look, I saw what you did out there. Weren't you going out with that Connor boy?"

"Who I go out with is none of your business," I snarl. She's got some nerve bringing that up when she's a hot mess.

"Yes, it is, because you're my daughter--"

"You should be happy that I'm hanging out with Wiseman's son. Isn't he Dad's boss or something?"

"Yes, but he's dating Rosie."

"That's his problem, not mine. Besides, I'm not dating him." Unless that idiot Connor didn't do his job. I'm going to castrate him if he didn't.

Ignoring my drugged up mother, I head up the stairs, phone already in hand.

I hope you got the evidence, you jealous dick!

I hope you got the evidence, you jealous dick! Connor doesn't answer and I'm half tempted to call him just to yell. Instead I step out of the ridiculous clothes, take a shower and put on my army-print cargos and black hoodie just so I can feel more like myself again.



By the time I make it back to my bed, there's a text from the jealous moron waiting for me.

We need to talk. How fast can you get to base?

We need to talk. How fast can you get to base? I grab my knife and am on my way.

ðŸ§¿

"No. No way."

Marisa should say it again, because I don't believe it either. Connor crosses his arms over his chest and nods, looking at the words Marisa jotted on the whiteboard.

Rod and Rosie aren't dating .

Rod and Rosie aren't dating . This was impossible. Not only were they dating, but they had been since freshman year. Everyone knew that.

Everyone "He just said it so you wouldn't believe he was cheating," I say.

"I thought that too at first," Connor says, getting off his stool and walking to the whiteboard. "But this is a lot more damning if he's lying about it. I mean imagine what Rosie would say if she found out he denied their entire relationship."

"Could this be their secret?" Marisa asks, annoyingly entranced by the idea.

"No. This is stupid." And not damnig at all. Who cares about a stupid fake relationship when adultery is on the table?

"He asked me not to tell anyone. Said it's a huge secret and only David knows."

I scrunch my nose at Connor calling Postvam David, but this isn't the point. The point is that Rod Wiseman thinks he can one-up me.

"He's lying to us. Whatever his reasons are, he's lying."

Connor's frown deepens. "I felt he was being honest."

"Oh yes, because your feeling is more important than obvious logic."

"You're just upset because his real secret isn't as spectacular as you would have liked."

I'm actually more upset I kissed Rod for nothing. "That's just you being a dick because you're jealous!"

He doesn't answer this time, but turns to Marisa instead. "What do you think?"

Marisa hums and I want to yell at her, too. Why can't she just make up her mind and take a side already?

"I think there is a chance that Rod could be lying. It would be very hard to keep up this charade for four years."

I turn to Connor and stick my tongue out at him.

"But," Marisa continues, cutting my wings. "I don't think this lie is in his benefit. It's a stupid lie. It would've been much easier to claim he just broke up with Rosie and then fake a reconciliation."

I hate that she makes sense, but on the other hand, Wiseman isn't known for his brains. Maybe his neuron just backfired with this one.

"You have a point," Connor says, rubbing his chin. "We need to look into this."

"I think you should tail Rosie for a while and see if you can find something out."

I watch them plotting without me and my stomach clenches uncomfortably. Sweat coats my palms and it's like there's a giant weight pressing my chest.

"No," I say.

Connor and Marisa both turn to me. "No what?"

"Why should Connor follow Rosie? Marisa is with her half the time. Rod just lied to you and you were dumb enough to fall for it."

They both raise their eyebrows. I grit my teeth, but decide to end this in the most effective way possible. I hop off my stool.

"It's a trick and we're not falling for it. We have proof that he's cheating on Rosie Geld and that's what we're going to reveal."

"But if it's not true--" Marisa starts.

"Who cares? It's true for everyone else who believes Rod and Rosie are together!"

This shuts them up and I know I'm right.

"That's not the point," Marisa finally whispers. "TMI stands for the truth."

"TMI stands for whatever it needs to stand!"

"So is that what it is?" Connor butts in. "Your personal revenge tool? What was that speech about what's right and necessary then?"

Cold sweat drips down my back and I hate them. As much as they claim they do, they don't understand. I shouldn't have let them get involved.

But after all, this is my operation, so they will do it my way.

"Rod is lying", I say, keeping my voice as low as possible. "We will not waste our efforts on a pointless surveillance. Get me something on Postvam and Park." And I leave them to chew on that piece of truth.

ðŸ§¿

Thanks for reading another chapter of TMI. All thoughts are greatly appreciated. Please don't forget to vote if you're enjoying the story.

Thanks for reading another chapter of TMI. All thoughts are greatly appreciated. Please don't forget to vote if you're enjoying the story.





Twenty Seven


Trust is maybe the hardest thing to come by. People will say they trust you, but they often lie. Not that I can blame them. The breaking of trust is the breaking of a heart.

I have no idea if Marisa and Connor got my message, but at least they're no longer gabbing about it.

Things go as planned. Marisa goes shopping with the golden girls, Connor hang out with the golden boys. But the days pass and we are nowhere closer to our goal. As another suspicious nugget, Rod Wiseman doesn't contact me again.

Half of me is mentally preparing to appear in some seedy online video, maybe on a blog advertising Wiseman's conquests. The other half is mortally offended because apparently I was nothing but a forgettable walk in the park for him. Maybe he's one of those weirdos who only enjoys the chase.

Everything is normal. Rod and Rosie still walk down the hallways of Petraka hand in hand, and I only dream to end them. I hate the status quo, hate that I have so much information that could end half of them and yet I'm not using it.

Hate how Marisa and Connor are giving me space, no longer pestering me with pathetic little texts asking how I'm doing. We haven't met in our secret den in days either.

My nerves are bubbling as I make my way down the crowded corridors, between students discussing the latest rumors confirmed by TMI.

"I wish it would be as active as before," someone says as I pass by.

"True. But can't you see it gives us gossip about the popular kids? I'd take that over frequency any day."

The affirmation brings a grin to my face. Just you wait until I bring out the big guns.

Just you wait until I bring out the big guns. I make my way towards the first floor chemistry corridor where there are no cameras and freeze as I turn the corner.

Marisa and Connor are there, having a hasty, whispered conversation. I stick my back against the wall and strain my hearing.

"So it's confirmed," Marisa says.

"Yeah." Connor leans his back against the wall and crosses his arms over his chest. "Either that or she's playing some sick, twisted game I can't figure out. She was the one to come to me."

"Did she tell you why she was doing it?"

"She said she doesn't want to date and this keeps her safe in this hellhole. She just wants to focus on studying."

Marisa chews on her full lower lip, deep in thought. "She never caught you, did she?"

"I'm not one hundred percent sure, but I think she bought it that I was coincidentally there."

The more they talk, my ears start to ring, but I fight my own body to keep my hearing intact. Blood rushes to my head and bile fills my mouth.

Those traitors are working behind my back.

"Anyway," Connor says, "she invited me to this big blow out party tomorrow. She claims it's the biggest thing and she wants me there now that I'm in their circle of trust."

Marisa hums. "Do you think it's a trap? Get you there to get something on you?"

A small part of me is proud because I've apparently taught them well. The rest wants to end them because they're making plans without me. And I don't care if maybe they have more things to say to each other. This ends now.

I step out from behind the corner and march up to them, my fists clenched, my teeth gritted, my boots thumping loudly. They both turn towards me and I can tell by their faces that they assume I was listening in.



"You're a bunch of filthy traitors," I say the moment I can do it without shouting.

"Just calm down," Connor says, already sounding annoyed. "We're not traitors. Sometimes, we just don't agree with you."

"You are talking behind my back, doing things I expressly forbade you to do--"

"Forbade us?" His eyebrows disappear into his hair as he watches me from the safety of his height.

I just want to punch him in the face as hard as I can. "This is my operation. You're only in it because I let you. You don't get to decide what is to be done!"

my Connor opens his mouth, but Marisa places her hand on his chest to stop him. I watch his shoulders dropping and his chest deflating under her touch and it only makes me hate them more. What, are they fucking behind my back too now? That moron, pretending he's got a thing for me when he's really into shapely latinas.

"Just go," she says to Connor. "I'll sort this out."

Sort it out. Like I'm a petulant child she needs to calm down. Connor just nods and listens, walking away from us and around the corridor without throwing me a backwards glance.

I hate him so much, it's visceral. But that's not the only issue.

A shiver runs through me at the thought of being alone with Marisa. I haven't in a long while and I start to resent looking for Connor's company so much.

But she's not going to soften me up. "If you think that you can excuse what you did in any way--"

"We need to start this," she says, cutting me off.

I actually let myself get distracted. "What?"

"We already have all this information we're sitting on and I believe we all agree that we would release it in waves. Let them tremble in their boots. We can work more between reveals. It's taking too long."

I couldn't agree more, so a grin spreads on my face as I can already picture throwing the first piece of information out there. Who will it be? I'm leaning towards Miranda, since she's the tolerated one. Start with the weakest, the least important, then work my way up, one disgusting moron at a time.

Culminating with Rosie Geld.

"But for that, we need to solve the tier two issue."

All my happy thoughts freeze, and I grit my teeth together so hard, it hurts. She's right. We haven't brought down tier two.

Except there's a problem. "We have nothing on tier two." And I hate it.

The only rumor I had was dismissed, Yuri Ono is a no-show and that only leaves...

"I know. Yuri Ono is gone, the rumor on the date with the dad was a dud, and that only leaves me. And Connor, I guess."

Oh, right. I never counted the new kid. But it's still not useful.

"So I was thinking." Marisa's voice becomes distorted as she seems to be forcing the next words out of her mouth. "We need to deal with tier two and I'm ready to take one for the team. Confirm the rumor on me."

I blink and stare at her. She holds her head high, but her face is the palest I've ever seen it. Her full lips tremble the slightest bit, and I can tell it's serious. What I can't tell is why .

why "You mean you want to let the world know you're valedictorian?"

Her entire posture slumps and her hands ball into fists and twitch as if she wants to drive them into my jaw.



"No, of course not. That's hardly worth the hassle. The other one."

other Oh yes. The one she's seeking revenge over. The one that I don't know. My hands instantly sweat and I jab them inside my pouch to dry them inconspicuously.

"Okay, let's see how to word that best."

I'm stalling, trying to get her to talk without admitting that I don't know the rumor. But she's Marisa Delterre, not some dumb bimbo from the golden circle, so she knows I don't know. Her green eyes narrow and for the fraction of a second, I feel fear. I hate myself for it the moment the feeling disappears.

"You don't know what I'm talking about," she whispers.

She's right and she finally caught me. But I won't let her hold this over my head, since I have so many other things on her now, so I huff and roll my eyes.

"Trust me, Delterre, I flip through thousands of rumors. I don't always remember them all." Though I know this one circulated among Petraka royalty before TMI, or I'd have it down in my notebook and I'd actually remember .

remember Marisa squints some more, but lets out a defeated sigh. "Whatever. Not like I can keep it from people since I just asked you to confirm it. The rumor was... is..." Her voice breaks as she draws in a shaky breath.

"Come on, how bad can it be after all we've seen?"

Her eyes flash with anger. "I'm nothing like that. And it's disgusting and not true."

"If it's not true, what do you care?"

"Not everyone has your charming fuck-all attitude."

I'm surprised she's cursing, so it must be bad. I shrug in an attempt to defuse the fight. I have no time for her overdramatic shit. And I'm also giddy with curiosity because I know it involves Davey Postvam and I can actually get some dirt on Mister Perfect as well.

"Fine, just let it out and we'll make it work."

Marisa shuts her eyes and clenches her fists. "The rumor is that I was... involved, let's call it that, in a gang bang with all the guys in the golden circle."

I scrunch my nose. Of course it had to be sexual and gross. "I don't think you're the first." It wasn't even that original.

Marisa doesn't answer, her entire face contorted like she's seconds away from throwing up.

"How does Postvam even fit into this scheme?" I prod, more than ready to get something useful out of this. I had no time for her dumb pity party.

"I think he spread it," she says, her eyes still shut. "Actually, I'm sure."

"Why?"

"Because he's the only one in the golden circle I really slept with."

My jaw drops. Marisa slept with Davey? "Did he rape you?"

slept "No." She sounds a little panicked now. "Or I would've said so. It was consensual."

"So that's it?" It's so lackluster, it's painful. Davey Psotvam had fucked three quarters of the girls in school, so who cared that he did it with Marisa as well?

She bites her lip some more, her eyes wet with unshed tears, her jaw working as if she's trying to decide whether I'm still worth talking to.

"You don't understand. He was my first. I had feelings for him."

I roll my eyes. I'm sure that's the story for half the people he fucked. The bad part was that it wasn't something that would affect his stud status and bring him down, especially if Marisa was on board with it. Neither was the stupid gang bang rumor. I am beyond disappointed with Marisa. I really thought she had something better than sentimental garbage.



Plus, there was another issue which was a lot more serious.

"Anyway, I can't confirm that. TMI doesn't lie, and since the golden circle was involved, I can't confirm something they know is not true."

Marisa grits her teeth as if she's disappointed with her own oversight.

She's so useless, I want to scream. "You weren't drunk or something? That could be percieved as lack of consent."

Marisa frowns. "What are you talking about?"

"Postvam. Are you sure he didn't actually technically rape you?" Because that would be a much better rumor and something I can work with.

"What? Of course not."

Marisa's eyes are wide and frightened. I too freeze at the sound of the strong voice behind me. The sound of footsteps makes my heart burst out of my chest and I can hardly breathe with anxiety.

In what feels like a second, Davey Postvam is next to us, fabulous in black jeans, a green t-shirt and his usual leather jacket, glaring from me to Marisa.

"I most certainly didn't rape you," he says, his attention on Marisa. "Or even force you in any way."

"I know," she whispers, looking smaller and more pathetic than ever.

Davey shoots me another glare. "Why are you hanging out with her? I didn't know you were friends."

I need to do some damage control and fast. "Calm down, Postvam. I was just asking ditzy butt here about something else and you inadvertently came up in conversation."

His green eyes narrow. "You were discussing what exactly?"

"Rapists."

He seems to inflate at my words. Marisa touches his bicep and he flinches and instantly calms down.

"It's a long story," she says. "Adrienne had some questions she needed answers for a project in therapy."

I want to stab her. Stab them both. How dare she imply I'm crazy? But unlike my excuse, Davey seems to buy hers.

"She only came to me because it's something I actually have knowledge of."

I stare at Marisa, only then realizing her ditzy persona has taken a hike. She's being herself with him. I decide to quit while I'm ahead and just do what I'm best at. Spy.

So I shrug, give a low growl and leave without a goodbye. Then I press my back around the corner and strain my hearing as much as possible.

"She wasn't talking about Rodney, was she?" Davey asks the moment I'm out of sight.

"No. It was something else which is confidential."

He hums. "Fair. But how did that lead into her demanding to know if I raped you?"

Marisa sighs, sounding exhausted. "You didn't rape me, David. As much of an asshole as you are, you're not... well, that much of an asshole."

that "I'm not even sure why you would think that. You're the one who broke it off."

He actually sounds resentful and I take a chance and peek behind the corner just in time to see Marisa shove him.

"Of course I broke it off, asshole." Another shove. "I give myself to you, trust you, and what do you do? Tell the whole school I did all your stupid friends?"

Davey lets out a sigh not unlike Marisa's and massages the bridge of his nose. "Look, it wasn't like that."

"It wasn't?" Marisa asks between her teeth. The way her face turns red and her eyes glow make her frightening. "My parents heard that. It was the most humiliating conversation in my life. And for what? A dumb fuckboy like you? I trusted you! I showed you the real me!"

trusted

"Marisa..."

"You used me! Like I was just another one of the silly geese falling at your feet. I gave you my virginity!"

He wraps her arms around her to stop her from flailing her fists in his face. She's still raging mad, her body struggling to break loose. I take my phone out, because if he whacks her, all this mess would be worth it.

Instead, he starts shushing her, like she's a spooked horse.

"I know, baby, I know," he says, his voice low and soothing.

"Don't dare baby me! Don't you dare--"

He leans over and for a moment I'm sure they're actually kissing. What the hell? But I realize I can hear whispering, so their mouths are still free. After a bit of swaying, they half turn and I can see their foreheads are pressed together.

"Let me go," Marisa whimpers.

"It was my mistake. I never meant it to happen. It just... I trusted the wrong person," Davey mutters to her.

"That asshole," she says, once again sounding furious.

"I agree." He finally lets her go, his face filled with sorrow. "It was the final straw. Never again did I say anything remotely relevant in front of him. I was so disgusted when the rumor started flying around, so sickened..."

"I'm sure it was hard for you ," she retaliates, her fiery gaze once again boring into him.

you "Not as hard as it was for you, obviously, but it ruined so much. I mean I'm the one who screwed up after all. And I knew there was no way to fix it."

My interest wains, but I force myself to focus, because this is too weird. I've never seen Davey Postvam like this. Unsure, apologetic... Sad, come to think about it. And yet, with Marisa, his player mask slides off, joining her dumb bimbo one on the titled floor.

"You didn't even try," she sniffs.

"I was too ashamed. And would you have even listened?"

"No."

He shrugs as if to prove his point. "Just don't think that it was nothing to me. Because it was."

She raises curious eyes to him and I half - expect confetti to fall from the ceiling. It makes me sick, but I see it. Marisa is in love with him. It had all just been hidden well under a resent that looked like hate to an untrained eye.

Her face morphs into one of anger once again. "That didn't stop you from bedding half the school."

"It's easier like that. We all just want to get by. Just..." He reaches out his hand as if he wants to touch her cheek, but balls it into a fist and lets it drop by his side. "I'm sorry, Marisa. For everything." And with that, he turns and walks away.

I scramble back and into the nearest classroom because he's coming right at me. After his footsteps fade, I step out and head back towards Marisa. She's still there, gazing out the window, her eyes glazed over with tears.

"He didn't spread the rumor," she whispers the moment I'm near enough to hear. "It was Martin. But he did tell Martin."

I don't give a fuck, but the numbness in her voice stops me from saying it out loud. A part of me wants to ask about their history, but something is a lot more important.

"So you two are back together or what?"

She shakes her head, hugging herself, but stays silent.

I swallow heavily before I ask, "Does this mean you don't want revenge anymore?"

The silence seems to stretch forever and my mind browses through all possible ways in which to eliminate her. She's just become a serious liability with no motivation of her own. No loyalty to the plan or TMI.

"I'm not going to abandon you," she finally says. "Not after what I've seen. They deserve to be brought down one by disgusting one."

Breathing becomes much easier and my chest inflates. "Good. Because I'll find something on Postvam."

She just shrugs and I know I should leave her alone. I can't get anything out of her in this state and I'd much rather have her on my side. Part of me knows I should say something, but I'm still stinging from her betrayal.

"Let's meet at the den in two hours. Let Michaels know as well. You're right, we need to start this."

I want to see it finished more than anything in the world. They all deserve to burn.

And I need to get away from Marisa and Connor as soon as possible.

ðŸ§¿

Thank you for reading TMI. Don't forget to vote and comment if you're enjoying the story .

Thank you for reading TMI. Don't forget to vote and comment if you're enjoying the story .





Twenty Eight


They say that if you don't get your hopes up, you can't be disappointed. No expectations, no let down. If only it was that easy.

I've never had expectations of Marisa and Connor. They are, after all, only here because I allow them to be, each of them with their tiny motivation.

Except Marisa doesn't seem to have one anymore, and I'm not sure what Connor's was in the first place. And as I watch them sitting on the stools in the diplomats' kitchen, all I want is to turn back time so that I never would've let them in.

"What is it, Adrienne?" Marisa asks, looking so tired of me. Her eyes are red and puffy, like she'd been crying for the past hours. I have a hunch it's over that asshole, Postvam, and I just want to exclude her more.

"Yeah. Some people have homework," Connor mumbles.

I hate him. Like really, literally hate him. I have no idea when and how it happened, but the mere sight of him makes me sick, especially when he's looking at me with undisguised malevolence.

"We don't have any rumor on tier two," I say.

"We know that," Marisa says. "So what? Let's just dig into the golden circle."

Connor turns to her, quirking an eyebrow. "Are we breaking rules?"

"You're already breaking rules," I snap. "What with you not listening when I talk."

"You're not our boss, Adrienne," Marisa says, her voice weary.

"So, who had the bright idea to follow Rosie around?" I ask, completely ignoring her. "Did you at least get something useful?" Not that I need it. I've had her even since before I started TMI.

"It was our idea," Connor says, stressing the pronoun until it's obnoxious, "and we managed to confirm that Rod is telling the truth. The two aren't dating. They're apparently just very good friends who don't want to date anyone else."

"Bullshit!" I snap. "Rod's a fucking liar and Rosie's just taking his side so she doesn't look bad." The idea is ludacris. There's no way that's true and their both hollier-than-thou virgins.

"Are you hearing yourself?" Connor rolls his eyes. "Look bad to who? If I told anyone, they wouldn't believe me. Just like you don't."

"Then what's the point? If everyone believes they're together, then everyone will believe he's a cheater."

"I thought TMI never lied," Marisa interjects, her eyes narrowed at me.

"Shut up! I'm already pissed at you for having nothing decent on Postvam."

"Maybe not all of them are evil."

I scoff at this. They all are. Evil, twisted, sick. Just because I haven't found Rod and Davey's dirty secrets yet, it doesn't mean they don't exist.

"Please! We all know they're disgusting and sick. Birds of a feather and all that nonsense."

They both faltered, taken aback by my impeccable logic. Even if I don't have anything on the Siamese twins and Ava Park, that doesn't mean there's nothing there. They're just smarter, more careful. Especially Ava. That manipulative bitch is a stone-cold psycho and I'm going to prove it.

"Davey is probably a sociopath, too," I muse out loud. "It would explain his attitude, how he just doesn't give a fuck about anything."

"That's not true," Marisa cuts in.

"I tend to agree with her," Connor says.

I glare at both of them, but Marisa is more worrying at the moment. "Are you actually defending him? When he took advantage of your stupidity and bedded you?"



"Wait, what?" Connor looks from me to Marisa.

"Oh, didn't she tell you?" I ask, feigning shock. "Davey fucked her. And then went around and told the whole school that he shared her with his mates."

"Shut up," Marisa hisses.

"Why should I? Everyone already knows this. He embarrassed you in front of everyone."

"Martin spread the rumor!"

"And who told Martin, eh? The tooth fairy?"

"Guys, come on." Connor stands and reaches out his hands as if training velociraptors.

"Don't give me orders, Michales! Can't you see she's standing up for him? Even if she fell for his bullshit, she's still protecting him. As if he cares. As if he actually has feelings. She's in love with him!"

Connor lowers his hands, his gaze sparkling with curiosity. "Marisa, is this true?"

"No," she says, tears filling her eyes. "At least I don't think so. I've hated him for so long, but spreading something that dirty does seem more like Martin territory once we got to know them. He's the sick one, not David."

Her level of pathetic irritates me beyond belief. "They're both just as sick."

"You'd know all about that, now, wouldn't you?" Marisa says.

I stop and blink, then look at her again. She's standing taller, her balled fists on her hips, watching me as if I'm the slime ball here.

"What with all the skulking and spying. Gathering embarrassing information about everyone just to expose them."

"If they didn't want exposed, they should be more careful what they do or say," I cut her off. "The world needs the truth and there is no harm in exposing it." I tilt my head. "Is this it, Marisa? Your true colors finally coming out?"

"Adrienne, stop it," Connor says, his voice low.

"I should stop it, shouldn't I?" I ask, my voice filled with pretend consideration. "After all, you guys are handling it just fine. I could go on vacation and just reap the results of my hard labor. I should trust that you can punish those responsible for so much misery."

"You're overreacting--"

"Overreacting?" I wish I had a glass in hand so I could smash it against the floor and show them what overreacting is. Or anything I could throw or smash, really. As it is, I'm stuck in the middle of the room with nothing within grabbing distance.

Under their critical gazes, I suddenly feel small and I hate them both for it.

"You two are so useless, it hurts. Believing those assholes who thrive and live off manipulating others. Daring to claim they might be good guys. You should be ashamed of yourselves!"

"I'm actually pretty ashamed of you ," Marisa says. "I thought you had a flare for justice hidden under a theatrical shell. Turns out you're just a brat with an agenda of your own."

you Her words hit me like a baseball bat and my body literally aches. I blink away the tears, but my vision still tunnels. I want to grab her, sink my hand into her luscious hair and pull as hard as I can. Hurt her. See how she likes it. But that's not me. I'm not physical. Because there's never any point.

"This is my operation. So if you don't like the way I run it, you can get the fuck out." I can see both her and Conner opening their mouths, so I raise my hand. "I don't have to answer to any of you. And I don't have to listen to this shit."

I turn my back on them and stride out, my ears buzzing with the rage running rampant through my veins. This is all my fault. I'm the one who let them in. The one who decided to give them a chance even if deep down I knew they didn't deserve it. Amateurs. Gullible idiots.



I walk as fast as I can. Night has fallen so it's easy to lose myself between the houses until I reach the river. The monotone sound of it helps calm the chimera inside me, but I'm still trapped by the future, by what I'm supposed to do now.

TMI suddenly weighs a ton, filled with possibilities of revenge and heartache.

It would be so easy to just pull my phone out and release the information I have into the world. Watch lives crumble, tabloids explode with fresh gossip regarding the sick, sick children of Washington's finest.

So easy and in my grasp. But power is always accompanied by a dose of responsibility. Tactics. Actions and consequences. They need to be afraid.

I hear hurried footsteps and I march closer to the river. For a moment, I panic, but then I recognize the voices. Marisa and Connor, apparently out to look for me. Why can't they just leave me alone? Do I have to scream in their face that I hate them?

I take a step around a thicket of weeds and my foot slips into the water. Even if I'm aware I should be quiet, I can't help but curse.

"Adrienne," Marisa calls out.

"Screw you, Delterre," I mutter under my breath, pulling my foot back on the shore.

It doesn't help. My other foot slips as well and I fall on my ass, into the water. I let out a scream and start waving my arms. It takes me a minute of flailing to realize the water isn't deep, barely reaching my stomach, and I'm basically sitting on the grime or whatever it is below the water. The nearby vegetation rustles as Marisa and Connor make their way towards me.

The stop and let out sighs as if they were afraid I would do something dumb.

"What are you doing?" Marisa asks.

Connor is more eficient and gets into the water to help me back on my feet. I want to pull away and snap at him, but I really don't like water and I'm afraid the current would drag me away. I'm not the best swimmer and it already seems to be trying to grip the soft ground from under my feet.

"What are you standing on?" Connor asks all of a sudden, a deep frown on his face.

He's right. I'm almost at eye level with him which makes me way taller than I actually am. I look down, but there's nothing but muddy water. Though, now that I focus on it, the ground does feel weird. I take a wide step to my right, and once my boot sinks into the mud, I realize that whatever I was standing on was not natural.

Just as good, the mass moves and in a matter of seconds half floats to the surface. Connor grabs it and pulls it to the bank while Marisa shines the flash of her cellphone on it.

My stomach turns over. The thing is a bloated body. And as Connor lets it go in shock and it rolls around, I recognize the pudgy face.

It's Yuri Ono.

ðŸ§¿

It takes us five whole minutes to stop gagging and spluttering and gather ourselves enough to step out of the murky water and stare at the corpse properly. Even if not completely out of the water, it caught on to something in the mud, most likely a plant root, and it's just floating there, like a morbid flag waving in the wind.

"This is so fucked," Marisa whispers which serves to sober me and remind me how serious this all is.

"How long has he been in there?" Connor asks, disgust etched on every feature. He keeps rubbing his hands over his jeans, acutely aware that he actually touched the thing.

"Do I look like a fucking coroner?" My teeth are clattering, but I can't help it. "This is bad."

"Tell me about it," Connor mumbles. "Someone killed the guy and tossed him in the river."



"Who would've done something like this?" Marisa wails.

I agree with the question, not the wailing, but my mind spins and I realize two major thing. The first is that we finally have a rumor on tier two, so that's out of the way. The second is that I might know who did it.

"The golden circle," I whisper.

"What?" Connor sounds annoyed. "I know you hate them, Adrienne, but let's not pin every evil in this world on them, shall we?"

"No, moron!" God, he's an idiot. "Donna Jensen's little black book. She had sex with him and rated him very high."

"So what? You want us to measure his dick now?" Connor asked, his voice a little higher than usual.

Interesting concept, but no. "No. She also rated Davey Postvam very low on her list, even if she acknowledged he was good in bed. Which means..."

They're not following. I can tell by their hollow stares. Marisa is probably distracted by the Donna - Davey sex which is not proactive.

"Which means what?" she finally asks, her voice coming out choked.

"The grades in the book are not based on sexual prowess, but on how evil the entire thing was. So of course Yuri would be sky high if she killed him afterwards!"

It makes perfect sense, but my idiot teammates refuse to see this. They look at each other, than at me, as if I'm the slow one.

"Huh," is all Connor says while Marisa bites her lip and continues being useless.

If I weren't so excited about this news, I'd rage and scream and leave them standing there. But this is... Huge! Especially because I know there is a rumor submitted into TMI which claims that Yuri is dead.

I never took it seriously because I'm sure it's not submitted by someone who knows anything. Hell, if I were to check out all these affirmations, I'd be tailing half the school, especially ex-couples who are ghosting each other.

But this...

"We need to call the police," Marisa says. "We found a dead body and they need to figure out who did it."

"No, we need to figure out who did it," I point out.

we She and Connor both turn to look at me like I'm mad again.

"Adrienne, we're three teenagers," she says. "And despite what you may have seen on TV or read in the latest teen fic novel, we're hardly equipped to solve a murder mystery."

I want to give her props for the sarcasm, but I'm still too annoyed with her. So I roll my eyes with gusto before telling her the obvious.

"I know that. Duh! I want us to have our own parallel investigation, see what we come up with." Who in the golden circle actually knows about this. "The police are going to take a pretty long time to figure out what happened."

"And what exactly are you planning?" Connor asks.

I take my phone out and snap a picture of the carcass, making sure I get his face. My stomach lurches when I have to get closer and crouch to do it, but it's worth it. There's one thing I must make sure of now.

That TMI is faster than the news, faster than the police. TMI know everything, is everywhere.

"What are you doing?" Marisa sounds annoyed now, like she can sense what I'm up to and doesn't approve.

"Confirming the rumor on his death. Then you can call the cops."

"You can't put that picture online before the cops get here," Connor says, his voice stern. "It would be highly suspicious that you were here. Make it look like you did it."

"Oh yes, because I killed him and he looked like a two-week-old floating corpse right after." God, they can be so stupid.

"You found it and didn't report it," Marisa pipes in, and her argument makes a little more sense.

Though I'm tempted to flip them off, I see some merits in their petty protest. This is a big deal. The Onos are tier two politicians after all. His swollen face will be all over the news. It would be better to confirm the rumor without the picture.

"Fine," I say, trying to hold back the glee in my voice. I don't think it works because I get more glaring. "I'm confirming it without the photo. They can see I was right on the news."

"How about just calling the police like a normal, decent person and forgetting that app for five fucking minutes?"

Connor is almost yelling, but I really don't give a fuck.

"You call the police, goody-two-shoes. And I'll call the press. Then we'll all get out of here unless you want to be news darlings and suspected of TMI involvement."

And without further ado, I hit the button. Both Marisa and Connor instinctively reach for their phones, their eyes on me. Marisa just looks tired, but there's a fire burning behind Connor's eyes as his boyband facade fades, finally showing who he really is.

Someone as cold and as calculated as I am. Someone with a past. Someone evil. I'm fascinated really as I watch him reading my confirmation. I've embellished it with details to make sure people know that I'm not just talking through my ass.

"You just had to go there," he growls.

"This is shitty, Adreinne," Marisa says, sticking her phone to her ear and most likely dialing 911. "But I can't say it's actually damaging in any way."

"Just morally," Connor puts in, looking disgusted. "Are you really going to--" He freezes when he noticed I'm also on my phone.

But unlike Marisa who actually speaks to an operator explaining the situation, I use a fake social media account I've been using for months to let all the local news stations know what we found, sending them the picture as proof.

"And so the show begins." Finally, things are turning around for me and the plan is back on track.

Connor shakes his head. "You are disgusting."

"You didn't seem to think so a couple of days ago," I snap, pocketing my phone.

"I'll have to stay behind and give a statement," Marisa cuts in, sinking her phone back in her pocket. "And I don't have my make up on... Screw this..."

"I could stay behind," Connor offers.

"I'm the one who called and there's no point for all of us to stay here. As genius over there mentioned, this could link us to TMI. I'll just... Try to avoid the press. Thanks for that, by the way, Adrienne."

I shrug because fuck her. She's a big girl with a big brain so she can handle this. I just nod to Connor to make sure he's following me.

"We'll regroup at headquarters after you're done," I say to Marisa over my shoulder.

"No!" She looks angry again, stomping her foot in the mush. "After this circus is over, I'm going home. I... I'll talk to you tomorrow."

Pussy. "Okay, fine."

"Are you sure you don't want me to stay?" Connor asks.

She shakes her head. "No. I'll be fine. I'll catch you later."

"Just send me a text when you get home."

"I'll call my parents to come pick me up."

I don't care about their pathetic conversation anymore. I stride away, a spring in my step due to all the nervous energy. I can't wait to get to Petraka tomorrow.

I can't wait to see their reactions to this .

this ðŸ§¿

Thank you for reading TMI. Any feedback is greatly appreciated. Don't forget to vote if you're enjoying the story.

Thank you for reading TMI. Any feedback is greatly appreciated. Don't forget to vote if you're enjoying the story.





Twenty Nine


Anticipation is hard to handle. Even for a few short hours. But it makes life beautiful. It makes you feel alive. So alive that by the time the coveted event takes place, it is often disappointing.

Not in my case.

I sail down the hallways of Petraka listening to conversations with rapt pleasure. Of course, Yuri Ono is on everyone's lips. As is TMI.

"I can't believe he's dead."

"How did TMI know?"

"Did you see it was on the app before it was on the news?"

Yes, TMI is amazing. TMI knows everything. TMI is to be feared.

The golden circle doesn't look impressed.

I slow my pace as I walk past them in the hallway. Their heads are put together and they are whispering, no longer taking in their kingdom, ruling it.

I knew it! They are up to their necks in this, shaking in their boots that TMI might expose them. I can see it on Rosie's worried face, in the way Davey chews on his lower lip. Even idiot Rod looks concerned, his fingers clenching and unclenching spasmodically.

Marisa and Connor are idiots who lack all instinct and common sense. I was right and these assholes had something to do with the death. It haunts them. I wish I could linger, but I'm sure someone would notice, and if it's Davey or Ava, that could mean trouble. So I pass by in slow motion just to see them break ranks.

haunts Rosie leaves first, alone. Then Rod and Davey and Ava and Martin. The last of the tools leave in gender segregated groups of three. I need to find my minions and rub it in their faces that they were wrong.

But as I reach the chemistry lab hallway, it's empty. I think about texting them, but they should know better and be here on their own to take the blame. Though after about two minutes of nervous pacing, I want to scream. This is so good! We've successfully covered our tier two problem and now potentially have something on Ava and Davey as well. Why aren't they here? Why aren't they as excited as I am?

I finally hear voices and retreat into the darkness at the end of the hall. The neon has been out forever back here and there's no window to provide direct sunlight. Not the best hiding spot, but it works if no one is actively looking for you.

Marisa and Connor turn the corner, deep in conversation. None of them look as happy or as satisfied as they should be, and I just want to smack them.

"So it's still on?" Marisa asks in disbelief.

"Yeah," Connor answers, the word drawn out. "Rosie and Rod aren't thrilled about it, but it's too late to cancel. And there are a lot of people who still want that party to take place."

"How many people?" Marisa stops, a frown on her face. "How exclusive is it if it's a party filled with people ?"

people He sighs and drags her hand over his face. "We're seniors, Marisa, about to leave this hellhole for good. This is like a selection ceremony for the new golden circle."

I tilt my head, as does Marisa. What ? They're perpetuating this classist bullshit even after they're gone? Typical. I need to destroy them so bad that no one would want to be them again.

What "And Rosie invited you," Marisa concludes. "I'm a little confused."

"I'm confused, too. Because a lot of things don't fit. I don't--" He stops in mid-sentence as footsteps make their way towards them.

In mere seconds, Davey Postvam turns the corner. He doesn't look at all shocked that Marisa and Connor are hanging out in a secluded corridor and all my muscles lock. Did these idiots actually tell him something?



" Hey, Connor," he says, before turning his focus on Marisa. "You okay? I saw you on the news last night. That must've been tough."

" "Oh." Marisa looks appropriately shocked, so I relax a little. Apparently they haven't been keeping in touch behind my back or he wouldn't have found out from the news.

"What were you even doing out there?" Davey butts in some more.

"I was out for a walk," she says, and I hate how defensive she sounds. "And I thought I saw a swan on the river and wanted to see it up close. Then I just sort of slipped into the water and on the body."

Davey winces and sucks air through his teeth. I'm more impressed with how well Marisa can lie. If she's lying to him, it's a good sign.

"Yeah, it was awful," she concludes.

"We were just talking about it," Connor adds, to make sure he justifies his presence there, even if Davey doesn't seem bothered by it.

"Sounds gross." He rubs the back of his head, messing up his caramel locks. "I actually wanted to invite you to the party tonight, but I think that would be rather insensitive now."

I grit my teeth. What, am I the only one not high and mighty enough to be at that stupid party? If Marisa goes too, I will rage.

But she shakes her head and looks away. "You're right. It is insensitive. And not just after last night, but after everything."

"Fair enough. Death takes the fun out of everything."

There's a long pause and I expect him to let something important slip, but he doesn't. Maybe his silence also means something. He could've said it was shocking to find out what happened to poor poor Yuri Ono. But since he doesn't, I'm thinking he already knew. I ache to question him so badly, and why shouldn't I?

I step out of the shadows and head for them. "Wild, huh?" I say.

All three of them jump and turn to me. Davey instantly looks annoyed, but Marisa and Connor are more on the uncomfortable side of the spectrum.

"I mean, who would've thought the guy was dead?" I press on.

"He'd been missing for months," Davey answers, his green eyes narrowed at me. "I think anyone with half a brain would've suspected he wasn't breathing anymore."

Idiot. I'm starting to think he did it. "But throwing him in the river like that?"

Davey groans and it's obvious he doesn't want to talk about it. "I'll talk to you guys later." And he whips around and stalks off like he's royalty.

"He knows something," I mutter once he's around the corner and out of sight.

Marisa opens her mouth to protest, but Conner unexpectedly jumps in. "I actually agree with you. He does know something. No one in the golden circle was even surprised about the news."

"Just scared," I say with a nod. At least he's coming around.

"I think you're both reading too much into this," Marisa says, hugging herself. "The entire school is turned upside down by this."

"But, alas, there's a party," I point out. They both reluctantly agree, so I press on. "You're going, Connor?"

"I don't know if I should," he says, showing just the right amount of hesitance to make it clear that he's being cautious and not a coward.

"I would tell you not to go, but after Davey, I'd say go for it and see if they know anything."

"Now it's my turn to agree," Marisa says. "I don't think they're involved, but if they are, this is the perfect opportunity to find out."



"You could end this and get something on both Davey and Ava," I point out.

"Either way," she adds. "I think we should start releasing the rumors. This has to end."

I agree. Connor still seems a little torn, but finally he nods.

"I'll se what I can get from that party and we'll take it from there."

For the first time in what feels like forever, we're back on the same page. Fortunately, I have work to do while I wait for news from Connor. My list is finally ready and I know who my first target is.

Come snow or rain or scorching sun, Miranda Washington is going down tomorrow.

ðŸ§¿

I wish I could stay in the diplomats' house while Connor is at the miraculous party, but we've been hanging out there a little too much lately and the neighbors might get suspicious about all the lights.

So, against my will but still excited, I wait at home, in my room. For the first time, my bed no longer feels like an island. I don't need it any more. My lair is where the whiteboard full of secrets is, where I can make coffee without seeing other people, where I can hang out and call Marisa from across the street.

This is like a cage. My notebook filled with observations is tiny. The walls are too dark, too bare. I don't like it here. When my mother enters my room, I like it even less.

"Honey, come down for dinner."

"Leave me alone."

She doesn't listen, just watches me with big doe eyes, like I'm some sort of freak. She bites her lower lip, takes in a deep breath and tries again, that fake smile plastered across her face.

"Your father is also here and we would love to have you down stairs with us. I made pasta."

Yes, made. That's what she calls ordering in nowadays. I don't feel like an awkward dinner with my parents while they're pretending to play house, each of them wondering who the other has slept with lately.

"No. I'm not hungry."

"Honey, you're so thin! You look like a bag of bones."

"What, and you think insulting me will get me to want to join you?"

She pinches the bridge of her nose in melodramatic fashion, then tries again. "Please come down." Her tone is a lot harsher and I shudder.

She's a scary thing when she gets angry and I don't feel like facing her tantrum. Plus, my stomach sort of rumbles and I can't remember when's the last time I actually had something to eat. But I don't make it easy for her.

I huff and roll my eyes. "Fine."

She doesn't acknowledge my defeat, and it makes it easier to follow her downstairs and settle at the kitchen table. My father really is there for once and smiles at me. Maybe he expects me to smile back, but all I can manage is a grimace.

"What have you been up to?" he asks on a dad tone, as if he expects me to start telling him an amusing tale of teenage shenanigans.

"Fine," I mumble.

"How's school?" he insists.

"Hell. But it's about to get a whole lot better."

"That's great to hear."

I grit my teeth and start eating, trying to tune them out. They're talking about politics, of course, and it's less than entertaining. A lot of names get dropped, mostly of the parents of the golden circle. They glance at me as they eat, before returning to their conversation. I can't feel the taste of food and my skin crawls just looking at them.



Loathsome, false human beings who never truly cared about their daughter, but wanted to play house with her. Pretend everything was perfect.

I am thrilled the moment my phone starts ringing, and the joy doesn't disappeared even if it's fucking Rod Wiseman calling. I frown at the caller ID. It's only ten p.m. Their party is merely beginning. Why the hell would he call?

"Could you put that away?" my mother asks.

I answer just to spite her. "Yeah?"

" Adrienne, hi. Could you get to my place, please? Connor's not well and I don't know who else to call."

Adrienne, hi. Could you get to my place, please? Connor's not well and I don't know who else to call." My blood freezes in my veins. "What do you mean not well? "

" " I... I think he's on something, or someone slipped him something..."

I... I think he's on something, or someone slipped him something..." Drugs. Fucking Antoine slipped him drugs and he must be having a bad trip.

"Oh, okay then. Good to know. And how very nice of you to invite me. Of course, I'll be right over."

I can basically feel his confusion over the line, but he seems to get that I'm putting on a show because he leaves me the hell alone and hangs up. I turn to my gobsmacked parents and bat my eyelashes at them.

"Rod Wiseman just called. He invited me to go to a super exclusive party with him."

My mother's face is unexpectedly weary and my dad just looks confused. What the hell is wrong with them? They worship the Wiseman family. They should be freaking out with joy.

"What? Didn't you say I should make more friends? Now you don't want me to go hang out with them?"

My mother bites her lip. "No, honey, of course not. That's wonderful. Just... Take care."

I want to argue that she's a fucking hypocrite who has no idea I roam graveyards at night, but I have no time for this shit.

I push away my half-eaten plate and jump off my stool. "I'll grab something to eat there."

"No drinking, though, young lady," my father says wagging his finger. "It's a school night."

I don't even bother to register his words as I fake-wave and hurry the hell out of that cursed house. For once, I take my car out. I've been walking so much lately, I'm not sure I even remember how to maneuver the thing, but apparently my body still knows what to press and pull to get it working.

I reach Wiseman's house in a little under fifteen minutes. He's out on the curb, wringing his hands and pacing. As I pull over, he looks terrified and oddly sober given the backdrop of party house full of drunken and stoned teenagers.

"Thanks for coming," he says the moment I step out. "I tried to call Marisa, but she's not picking up."

"Gee, way to make me feel special."

"I didn't want to bother you." His voice is weird, as if every word is making his teeth hit against each other. "I just texted David to come out with him."

I squint, trying to figure out if there's a catch, but I can't pick up on anything or focus properly because in no time at all, Davey Postvam appears from the garden, dragging Connor after him. He's in a weird half-standing, half-dragging position, laughing and crying at the same time. I'm not sure what to do with him, but Rod opens the back door of my car and Davey shoves him in. He just slumps there, like a crying sack of potatoes.

"God, he's heavy," Postvam mumbles, slamming the door to make sure Connor doesn't bolt. "He's tripping badly."

"What did he take?" I ask. I'd ask if it was the blue pill or the white pill, but I'm not supposed to know about that.



"We didn't see him take anything," Rod answers. "And we've been with him all night. We think he picked up a spiked cup by mistake."

I quirk an eyebrow. "Throwing a spiked cup party there, Rod?"

The fact that he's pale makes it a lot easier to notice when he blushes. He shakes his head vigorously and I try not to feel pity for him but fail. If he can't handle wild parties, he shouldn't be throwing them.

"Get him out of here." Davey comes to the rescue as usual. "He's saying things not many people should hear."

That peaks my interest and for once, I take Postvam's advice. Their party is a lot less interesting than hearing inappropriate things out of Connor's mouth. So I get behind the wheel and start the car. He isn't saying anything yet, just blubbering, so I drive away. If he notices I'm taking him away from the fun, he's not giving any sign. He really seems out of it.

The only place I can take him is the diplomats' house, so I head that way, going as slowly as possible. I really don't want him barfing in my backseat.

He's mumbling something, but it doesn't sound coherent.

"What is it, Connor?" I ask. "What are you hiding?"

"Hiding?" he asks, and I'm a bit surprised he can still form words.

But one word seems to be enough because he throws his head back and laughs. It's not a normal laugh either, but a hysterical one that freezes the blood in my veins.

"What am I hiding? Oh, I don't know. What are you hiding? You're so full of secrets. You never tell me shit. But that's okay. Not like I can be trusted."

you I push the gas down hard and sprint forward. Davey was right. He's saying things people shouldn't hear. How much did he say? And if he was cryptic, like he is now, how much did Davey and Rod understand? Was that why they called me? Because they now know he's in cahoots with me?

"No, no, no..." he keeps saying, a sad kind of amusement filling his voice. "I can't be trusted. With anything. Simple things are too hard. Want me to get you something from the store? I'll probably forget once I get back to my video game. Want me to go with you somewhere? No, thanks. It would be boring.

"Boring, boring, boring. Life is so boring for the young. Even if they have no fucking clue what it even is."

He's already rambling and becoming tiresome, but I'm too sick of everything to have a conversation with a druggie. Let him talk himself to sleep.

"Boring. So boring. Life is not boring. Not one single fucking second," he continues with the wisdom only a stoned loser can magically get through the miracle of drugs. "If you're bored, it's your own damn fault, you lazy good for nothing. Get off your ass and do something with your life."

do "Very deep, Michaels," I mumble, speeding up the tiniest bit because he's getting really unbearable.

"But no. I thought driving at night was boring. Not enough of a challenge. Because I knew everything . I needed stimulation, more drugs."

everything My attention perks because this actually means something. I throw him a glance in the rearview. I can barely see him, but the disgust on his face, the ironic smile... The drugs are pulling the truth out of him.

"What did you do?" I ask, keeping my voice as mellow and as even as possible.

"They were all sleeping. It was boring. I took more drugs. Then... I don't know what I did. All I know is that I killed them all."

I turn to him, my eyes wide with a mixture of fascination and disgust. His eyes are hazy, his pupils so large, there's no trace of color left. His lips are trembling.

The car hits something and I turn around and swerve away from the curb. Shit. I'm still driving. Fortunately, we're almost there.

But I need more. Just a little bit more.

"Who did you kill, Connor?" I ask as if it's not a life altering big deal.

He doesn't answer and I pull in front of the diplomats' house. I wonder if I should ask again or make eye contact. I decide not to, just adjust the rearview to see him better.

His forehead is scrunched and his entire chin is trembling. Then he raises his eyes and stares straight at me.

"My entire family."

And he bursts into tears.

ðŸ§¿

Thank you for reading TMI. Don't forget to vote and leave a comment if you're enjoying the story .

Thank you for reading TMI. Don't forget to vote and leave a comment if you're enjoying the story .





Thirty


Nothing in life comes for free. But sometimes, if you wait long enough, if you're good enough, what you're hoping for will come to you.

It takes me a moment to process Connor's words, but when I do, there's a strange sense of giddiness mixed with disgust and just a little bit of fear. I expected him to be hiding something.

I didn't expect him to hide murder.

But something about what he said before makes me think maybe it's not like that. He's stoned and he could be exaggerating. So I dare touch him to pull him out of the car and help him inside the house. Almost his entire weight is on me, but I manage to maneuver him inside the door.

It's dark, and for a moment I consider leaving the light off. But I don't want to be alone with him in the dark, not if he's actually capable of murder. And as much as my instinct tell me it's bull, this not something I'm comfortable risking. So I turn on the lights.

He winces and sucks air through his teeth, turning away and burying his face in the crook of his arm. As harmless and helpless as they come.

"It's just light."

I let him go and he crumples on the carpeted floor, tears still streaming down his face. There's a bit of symbolism here, how the light seems to floor him. How repeating the mistakes of his past makes him relive them.

He looks pathetic, so I crouch next to him and take his face in my hands. "What really happened, Connor?" I ask, keeping my voice as smooth as possible.

For a moment, he just stares, but then his eyes glaze over even worse. "What I said. I was bored while driving at night, while my family was sleeping, so I popped some pills. Not very unlike these. New stuff, stuff that was supposed to give me energy, make life interesting .

interesting "I blacked out. The next thing I knew, they were all dead. Turns out I drove straight into the head of a bridge. The only reason I'm still alive is because I wasn't wearing my seat-belt so I flew through the windshield. My family wasn't so lucky. They plummeted into the ravine below with the car. I killed them because I was bored ."

bored I try not to wince and tighten my hold on him. He's not dangerous. Irresponsible, yes. A total idiot? Also correct. But he's not dangerous and definitely not a murderer.

"That's not murder, Connor. That was an accident?"

"An accident?" He knocks his head back and laughs. It's a scary sound, distorted by the drugs and deranged. "An accident would be me falling asleep at the wheel because I was also exhausted. An accident would be me hitting a deer, or trying not to hit one. Oh, no. This was no accident. This was manslaughter."

I want to roll my eyes at how dramatic and pedantic he is, but I can't do it. "No, it's not. You didn't intend to kill them."

intend He huffs. "Didn't intend. Who cares? I knew this could happen and I accepted the possible outcome. I've had horrid trips before. I've blacked out before. I've..." He pulls away from me and clutches at his hair, the despair in his eyes pitiful. "I did it." He hugs himself and starts rocking back and forth, whimpering like a kicked puppy.

This explains why he was so afraid of drugs. It was more than justified. I know what that shitty pill Antoine probably slipped him did. He was relieving it, seeing it as clear as day. That night, the aftermath of the accident. I can see it in the tension of his shoulders, the way his gaze darts from left to right, the paleness of his skin. He looks cold and clammy, much like I felt in the same circumstances.

"It's all in the past," I say. "And it can stay there."

"Can it?" He looks up at me, his face a mask of horror. The fear is then replaced by a cold-blooded calculation that reminds me of the real Connor. "Can it, or will it be the next big thing on TMI?"



Even if I've considered doing this to him and am still grateful for my weapon and that I actually have a choice in the matter, his words make me shudder.

"Of course not," I say, half-meaning it. "We're on the same team."

He doesn't seem to hear me. His pupils are needle pins and his fingers are clenching and unclenching. It takes him a while to focus on the present. "You remind me so much of her."

"Who?" This is new.

"My sister."

I blink once as if it would improve my hearing. "What? Are you serious? Eww!"

He actually manages a lazy smile. "Not physically. She was blonde, actually. But she was a rebel, too, ready to take on the world, wishing she could make it a better place. The rest..." He takes my face in his hands. "That's all you." And he kisses me.

He tastes sweet, like I remember the drug on my own tongue. Before I can reason my way out of this, I kiss him back. The drug is making him more urgent, more desperate. I don't blame him. I know the side effects, how horny it made me. It apparently has the same effect on him. His fingers dig into my skin.

"Why do you keep pushing me back?" he asks before he starts trailing kisses on my neck. "Why do you make everything so hard?" He pulls the hoodie over my head.

"I'm not pushing you back," I say, and it's only because I appreciate the heat of his hands on my skin. I like to see him like this, enthralled by me, like he's parched and I'm cold water.

"That's not what I mean," he mutters, kissing my shoulders. "You're so literal."

I really don't care what he means. Because I know what's happening and I know I have the power. To either stop him or let him go on. His moral radar is busted and the drug won't allow him to stop. It's up to me.

He can't hurt me. He won't hurt me. I have him now. Both because I know his secret and because I know this means something to him. It's the trip, but it's also his own feelings, his own attraction towards me fueling him on.

I have the power, and he can't hurt me.

So I let him do it. I let him touch me, I touch him back. I let him take my clothes off, and I take his in return. And when we end up tangled on the couch, our naked bodies fighting for dominance, it's just as good as I imagined it would be.

ðŸ§¿

Loving and leaving is just as easy as it looks in movies. Except in my case, I don't exactly leave. Connor passes out almost immediately after he unloads all his drug energy through wild sex, so it's easy for me to get dressed, make sure he has his own pants on, and throw a cover over him before retreating to the upper story.

I could technically go home, but guilt gnaws at me. He stayed over for me, so the least I can do is return the favor. Plus, I really don't want to see my parent. So I just go to sleep, leaving the door open in case he gets sick overnight and might need assistance not chocking on his own vomit.

I don't hear him downstairs, which makes me a little bit jealous. I remember how hard it was for me to fight the drug, how agitated my own sleep had been, plagued with nightmares and hallucinations of things better left in the past. For a moment, I thought I was lost in a permanent purgatory.

Connor Michaels, the guy who killed his family, is however sleeping like a baby.

Maybe this drug was designed to get flushed out by sex and Connor's holier-than-thou attitude deprived me of the chance to feel better sooner. Not that it matters. The drug was out and I'd gotten what I'd craved for at that moment anyway. And sober.



It's a weird feeling and a weird thought, knowing that I'd given in, that I'd let him take what he wanted. Take me. Or maybe it was me taking what I wanted. I loved it and hated it at the same time.

Not that it matters anymore. What's done is done, and I have better things to focus on than Connor Michaels and his sexual prowess. Like Miranda Washington and her fall, scheduled for tomorrow. Prime time entertainment. Sleep comes easy.

When I wake up, I'm full of energy and the desire to get to Petraka. If I get Connor in shape soon enough, we could catch a ride with Marisa just in time for the show.

When I go down, he's still on the couch, like I left him, snoring softly. A thrill runs through me, but I ignore it and head for the coffee machine. I keep my eyes on him as I turn it on. The grinding of beans makes him jump. With a groan, he sits up and to his credit, manages not to topple over the side of the couch.

"Ow, my head. Can you stop that?" he mumbles.

"Trust me, you'll appreciate what comes with the noise," I say almost joyfully as I press the button to brew a cup for him.

More grinding makes him wince and he takes a look at himself. "What happened? Why am I half naked?"

I freeze, then turn slowly towards him. "You were at the party with the cool kids."

He groans. "Oh, right. But then... Oh, God, what happened? Why am I here?"

Dude sure asks a lot of questions. I'm not sure if to be offended or thrilled that he doesn't remember anything. It gives me such an advantage over him. But on the other hand, was I so forgettable?

"Someone slipped you drugs. My guess is Antoine."

He freezes and raises his grey eyes to mine. After last night and all the lustful gazes, it's a bit odd seeing him this focused. "Shit. What did I say? What did I do?" He looks at his naked torso again. "What did we do?"

we This is the perfect opportunity for me not to tell him that I know his secret. It's also my choice whether to let him know he had sex with me. The first part is easy. The second, not so much.

"How much do you remember?"

"I remember a lot of stuff." He tightens his hold on his head. "I just don't know how much of it is real." He raises exhausted eyes to me. "Did I tell you about my family?"

I stiffen, but decide to be truthful about this one. He does know what the drugs do. "Yes, you did mention them. And I figured out why you're so weary of drugs."

"Shit," he mutters, and for a moment I squirm, thinking he'll start crying again. Fortunately, he just lets out a long breath. "Well, now you know the kind of slimeball I am."

Pathetic. "I stand by what I said last night. It was an accident."

"At least you think so..." He trails off and I honestly have no wish to pursue the subject.

you He knows that I know and that I have the power to ruin everything for him if he crosses me. At the moment, it's enough.

"Drugs suck," he says, his voice filled with venom, as he picks up his shirt and puts it on.

I take a sip of my coffee and enjoy the bitterness and the sobering qualities of it. I must admit, I don't enjoy watching Connor putting clothes on. He's about halfway through buttoning his shirt when he frowns and turns to me.

"Listen, this might sound odd, but did we..."

A knot forms in my throat, but I'm also incredibly curious. "Did we what?"



"You know..." I'm not giving him this one, so he sighs. "Did we actually have sex?"

The knot turns into thrill. I love hearing the actual words coming out of his mouth. It makes it even more real. "Why, did you dream about it?"

My answer, though by no means definitive, obviously gives him the idea that it didn't happen. "Yeah, thought so." He sounds bitter and it makes me feel even better.

"Was I good in your dream?" I press on, hiding the nerves behind an amused grin.

"Yes, you were. Happy?"

"Very." I take another sip of coffee and pass him his mug as soon as he joins me next to the bar. "I don't miss drugs. At all. And what makes it worse is that I got drugged from an innocent drink. How many other people suffered the same fate? How many girls were taken without consent?"

He makes a valid point, so I'm glad to return to my favorite subject. "You're right. That's why we have to take them down. Slowly and painfully. One by one. And it starts today."

He hums as he drinks his coffee and I can tell he's too out of it to fight me over this and the drugs are making him agree. I also secretly hope he's reliving our night together and wishing it was real. Even if it was. But I find it surprisingly pleasant to keep him in this state of insecurity. I didn't actually deny it.

But revenge is in my grasp and it's more important than anything.

We text Marisa to take us to school and begin our crusade. She waits for us outside, a little confused that we're both there. I can see the questions in her eyes, but she just asks Connor about the party.

I don't focus while Connor tells her about last night. I'm sure my selective hearing would pick up on anything important. But there's nothing. Connor was put out of action right from the start, maybe even on purpose. So, instead, I focus on drafting the perfect rumor confirmation. And even if I need to wait for about two hours for full impact, I do so gladly.

Time flies, so waiting in the parking lot is nothing. After a while, I move my base of operation inside, on the chemistry lab corridor, obsessively checking the time on my phone as well as the latest entries to TMI, trying to see if anyone has any more interesting rumors for me.

Strangely, or not so much, there are hardly any on the golden circle. There never were, and when someone does say something, it's usually something dumb or positive, or dumb and positive.

Today's rumor will be neither. Because for the first time, the assholes in the golden circle will see that they're not intangible. That they too can be the subject of ridicule. That they can be victims of their own peers, chewed up and spit out.

They too can bleed.

As the bell rings and the halls fill with students, I walk through the crowd, towards the lockers, taking in the general mood. Yuri Ono is still on everyone's lips. After all, a death is not something easily forgotten. People are spouting wild theories about who killed him and why. I have my own theories, but those will be left for later.

Even if it's going to be two bombs one after the other, so less impact, I choose to see the good in this situation. Sure, Yuri Ono was tragic and bombastic. Hard to beat. Except, this will be the first reveal about the golden circle. Now is my chance to see how high above the rest of the crowd they really are, how much the other students care about them.

Because if the rumor on Miranda Washington trumps the death of Yuri Ono, the fall of the golden circle will be so much more spectacular.

Seconds seem to last hours as I wait for Petraka Royalty to make its appearance. I want to see this, the look on their faces, the fear and despair.

Finally, they make their way through the crowd who parts to let them through. They're not as worried as they looked yesterday. Rod and Davey are still grim, but Antoine, Martin and Lucas are laughing together, probably reminiscing the party and all the girls they raped. Or in Lucas' case, pretended to rape.

Lexi and Miranda are also chatting happily while Donna, Roise and Ava look like ice queens, searching for the next commoner to execute.

They reach the center of the hallway where they're in full view of the peasants. A lot of the students stop whatever it is they are doing to glance at them with admiration.

And this is it. The time to make or break this entire operation.

My eyes not leaving their faces, I slip my hands inside the pouch of my hoodie and find my phone. One sweep of the crowd and I can't find Marisa and Connor. But on the other hand, I'm sure they're not as eager to watch this as I am.

This is the perfect moment. So I press the button.

In a chorus of notification chimes, the students of the prestigious Petraka Academy, school for the future leaders of the world, all pick up their phones, like an army of brainwashed clones.

The shock on their faces as they open their apps is almost unanimous. My eyes train on Miranda. Her eyes are wide and fearful as she takes in the screen of her phone and she lets out a tiny scream of surprise. It rings like a gunshot through the sudden silence.

Then I look at Ava who slowly raises her face from her screen and shoots a death glare at Miranda.

The message is simple.

Miranda Washington is in love with Martin Hirsch and is actively perusing him.

Miranda Washington is in love with Martin Hirsch and is actively perusing him. As proof, there's a picture of Miranda in the boy's locker room, pinning Martin against the wall, one leg draped around him, kissing him.

There's a general intake of breath.

And then all hell breaks loose.

ðŸ§¿

Shit is getting real! It is time for the fall of the golden circle. One member at a time.

Shit is getting real! It is time for the fall of the golden circle. One member at a time. Thanks for reading TMI. Don't forget to vote and comment if you're enjoying the story. All feedback is greatly appreciated.



Thanks for reading TMI. Don't forget to vote and comment if you're enjoying the story. All feedback is greatly appreciated.





Thirty One


There is truth in what they say about the calm before the storm. It is quiet. Eerily quiet. So much so, that when the storm finally hits, the sound of thunder tears through your soul.

That also applies to the fate of Miranda Washington.

"You bitch!"

The voice is Rosie's, filled with disbelief and confusion. I am not fooled. I noticed the silent exchange between Ava and Rosie, how Ava morphed her features from cold-blooded calculation to pain and disappointment. In that split second, I realized she doesn't give a fuck about the cheating. What she does give a fuck about is her reputation.

"You backstabbing--" Rosie falters, apparently lost for words, obviously unprepared for this.

She looks honestly distressed and I'm not sure if it's because she wasn't expecting this or because she's realizing that TMI just hit the golden circle.

Her gaze next moves to Martin who is just grinning like an idiot. As if he's enjoying this. "And you!"

Like someone flipped a switch, the grin slides off his face and he raises his hands in surrender. "Hey, I didn't lead her on or anything. She came on to me . I just didn't want to cause trouble between you girls."

me And just like that, he completely threw Miranda under the bus, which is a bit rich coming from the guy who basically raped her. But everyone accepts this, and eyes fall on the guilty party. I don't mind, I planned it this way. If I wanted them both to fall, I would've posted the video of them banging, not that innocent photo.

"No, Martin," Miranda whimpers. "That's not true. You... You..."

"Shut your mouth, traitor," Rosie snapped. "There is a code between us. Honest friendship. Not backstabbing and lies. Not going after someone else's boyfriend.

"But no... It's not..."

Miranda is not doing herself any favors. Her chin is trembling, her eyes are wide and before too long, tears start pouring down her face.

"You betrayed Ava, you bitch," Donna says, joining the lynching party. "We don't care that you might actually love Martin."

love "Not to mention me," Antoine growls.

I'd totally forgotten about Antoine. Him and Miranda were such an obviously fake couple, it's easy to forget that they were one.

"Oh, yes, all pity Ava," he goes one, stretching his arms for show. He's obviously enjoying this, being the one who deserves sympathy. "Nevermind that she was technically my girlfriend."

"I'm sorry, Antoine," Miranda mumbles. "I never meant to hurt you."

He lets out a cruel, high laugh. "We're done, sister. You're done."

You're "Agreed," Lexi pipes in. "How could you do something like that? I thought we were friends."

There it is. The pack instinct. Hurt one of them, you hurt them all. Of course, Miranda actually managed two in one shot. Technically at least, because I don't think any of them are actually hurt. Ava and Antoine don't care and Martin is enjoying this.

The only one truly hurting is Miranda. At least for now.

"Martin," Ava whispers like a goody-two-shoes she's pretending to be. "I'm sorry, but we can no longer be together."

This shocks me a little. I didn't think this would break them up. I didn't think Martin fucking Miranda would break them up. Martin obviously thought the same because his jaw drops.

"What? Why? I told you it's not my fault!" I see him clenching his fist, probably eager to drive it into something or someone, but he's in full view of everyone, so his golden boy reputation demands that he holds it in.



"You lied to me. Hid this from me." A tear slides down Ava's cheek and I don't know if I want to aplaud her acting skills or puke.

He rolls his eyes. "Fair, but I really didn't want to get in the middle of a girl fight. Boys are not like that. We're a lot more discrete and level headed."

Yeah fucking right, you human slug. But the crowd eats it up. There is savage pleasure and/or concern on every face. They love this. They love the fall and they love TMI. I even hear someone to my left whispering, "TMI is the best."

There is silence for a few moments before Rosie turns to Miranda again. She looks pathetic with her eyeliner splotched and snot hanging from her nose.

"Antoine is right. You're over. Don't ever approach us again. Better yet, don't ever approach anyone again, you traitorous snake. If I see you begging anyone to talk to you, you're finished."

Miranda lets out her sobs and wails and crouches in the middle of the hallway. Her former friends walk around her, their heads held high. Donna actually nudges her with her foot and she falls over, her crying even louder. Antoine also aims a kick at her, thinking he's discreet. Once they're out of sight, the crowd starts packing their things and moving away, muttering as they go.

"What a bitch!"

"Can you believe it? Poor Ava."

"Martin tried, though. But it's hard for guys to resist someone rubbing against them."

"Gah, can't believe I was actually nice to that skank."

"Not like anyone will be talking to her from now on."

As the crowd thins, I notice Marisa across from me. Her eyes are fixed on Miranda who is still crying and rocking back and forth on the floor, and I can sense her need to go over and help. I take my phone out and text her.

Don't you dare. Just walk away.

Don't you dare. Just walk away. She takes her phone out and reads my instructions with a frown. I see her typing back and she's fortunately not as stupid as I fear.

I know. I'm not an idiot.

I know. I'm not an idiot. With one last look toward Miranda, she turns and bounces away, putting that dumb smile on her face like a mask. I know I should be going too, but I want to see where Connor is. I don't spot him and I wonder if he felt bad because of the drugs and went home. Not that I care. I have another fall to plan.

ðŸ§¿

The following two days, the fall of Miranda Washington is on everyone's lips. So much so that they all forget about Yuri Ono and his tragic murder. I don't mind. It means the golden circle is that much higher and their fall will be that much greater.

I couldn't believe the high after what happened with Miranda. I slept like a baby, lulled by sweet dreams of fulfilled revenge, and I couldn't wipe the grin off my face. Even my parents were bearable and I cut the snark for a few days. Yes, things are finally going my way.

My heart beats faster and I get butterflies in my stomach every time I think about it, every time I overhear people discussing it, every time I see a student take out their phone to check the app even without any notification. The disappointment on their faces speaks volumes.

They're like scavengers. They want more. And I plan to give them more. Just not everything at once. Anticipation is part of the beauty.

No more random rumors are put in and everyone at Petraka seems to be waiting.

Miranda is an immediate outcast. Not even people in tier five want to be seen around her or talking to her. It takes an obvious toll as her clothes change from stylish to dreary, covering as much of her as possible, shades of grey and black replacing the once vibrant colors of her miniskirts. She doesn't bother styling her hair or using makeup anymore, and her eyes are constantly red and puffy.



I'd be sorry for her if she hadn't done this to herself. As much as I hate those golden bitches, they do have a point. She was in a relationship and decided to go after the boyfriend of one of her friends. It is inexcusable by any standards, not just dumb high school ones.

Marisa and Connor don't seem to feel the same, because I see them watching her with pity. Fortunately, they stick to their guns and don't approach her. Connor is actually courted for what's left of the golden circle and Marisa is known to have standards.

"Stop pitying her," I tell them the night before I've decided to release the rumor on Donna Jensen. "It's not like she didn't do this to herself."

"I'm sorry if we're not as comfortable with watching people suffer as you are," Marisa mumbles.

I roll my eyes and turn to Connor, but he's not saying anything. He's been very silent after the whole drug incident and I wonder if it's because he's now afraid to disagree with me because I know his secret.

"Isn't this the whole point of what we're doing?" I ask. "To make them pay for being cruel assholes?"

"Yeah, but it would be nice if we didn't have to become cruel assholes ourselves." Connor's voice is low, but we both hear him.

I'd fight him over this, but I don't care. So what if I'm a cruel asshole? They're finally getting a taste of their own medicine.

"I keep wondering why Ava dumped Martin," Marisa says, finally doing some useful thinking.

"Yeah, I found that a bit odd, too," Connor agrees. "He's still in the circle, as vivacious as ever. As if this whole Miranda thing doesn't concern him."

"I made it not concern him. I want him to fall for something worse."

They say nothing to this and their lack of enthusiasm is starting to get on my nerves. "Did you see how excited people are for TMI?"

They both grumble, but I ignore them. I'm happy and proud about this, as I should be. It's my work. They just tagged along and if they can't enjoy the result of their actions, that's on them.

"Same strategy for Donna?" Connor asks.

"If you have a better idea that would have more exposure, I'm all ears." I too have wondered if I should be trying for something more original, but since I actually want to see people's reactions, it's hard to do it anywhere else but at school. I could maybe change the moment of the day.

"I don't think we should change strategy," Marisa says. "Doing it the same way will create expectations. Expectation leads to anticipation. Anticipation leads to fear."

I have to admit I like the way she thinks. Let everyone expect news at the same time each day. Let our targets grow to fear and hate the day and the hour, fear that they might be next.

"Yes. I agree. Marisa has a point."

"Wow, you said something nice," Connor mutters.

"Why so surprised? I give praise when it's due."

"Shouldn't we be outing one of the boys for the sake of symmetry?" Connor asks.

"No," Marisa says unexpectedly. "Donna's been making this whole Miranda situation worse, badmouthing her, laughing at her. If there ever was someone who deserves to fall, it's her."

I ponder on her statement. Truth was, I didn't want to call out one of the boys because we're missing rumors on two. The girls just have Ava. But choosing Donna over Lexi was because Donna is more spectacular and I want to see how excited everyone will get.



It won't be like Miranda. I don't have just one lame photo meant to hide the rest of the shit pile. For Donna I have a lot. I have the video, I have entries of her little black book. I have her sick room full of stuffed birds of prey.

And truth be told, she sickens me and I want her out of the way. I also believe that she'd start digging if she felt too threatened. Better safe than sorry.

"Okay, then," Connor says as if Marisa decided for us.

I let them have this one and send them home. Tomorrow is a big day for all of us. Once again, it passes like a breeze, the hours flying around me in an intricate dance of expectation and anticipation. By the time everyone is out in the hallway, I feel like I'm about to fly away. This is even more exciting, mainly because now they'll know.

Miranda Washington wasn't a fluke. She was just the beginning. Now, we get the follow up. Now we build a pattern.

The crowd is still buzzing with excitement as friends meet to share their latest thoughts and gossip. A few people actually scan the crowd and I'm sure they're looking for Miranda. There's no point. She hasn't shown her face in a while, and even if she is here, she would be well hidden or with her back to the crowd. A part of me actually wishes she could witness this. Maybe find a bit of solace that it's not her, but the miserable people she associated with.

"I'm a bit hungry for more rumors," a girl next to me says to her friend. "TMI's been awfully quiet."

"Chill," her friend replies. "It's only been three days since the last bomb."

"Yeah, but that came right after Yuri Ono. I mean I kinda expected it all to blow up from her . I'm sure there's more dirt there. Especially on Martin."

her It's nice to hear fans talking about my work. And I'm about to make them love TMI even more.

Right on cue, the golden circle struts down the hallway, as if they're still worth something.

Keeping my back against the locker and my hands in the pouch of my hoodie, I navigate the keys I already know so well. I could do this in my sleep. But I could never get enough of the aftermath.

Thousands of phones start chiming at the same time. There's an intake of breath and most of the people have a ravenous glint in their eyes. I can see what they're thinking clearly, as if their skulls have become transparent.

Who is it this time? Will it be better than last time? I hope it's a certain member of the golden circle.

Who is it this time? Will it be better than last time? I hope it's a certain member of the golden circle. I dip my head for a moment to hide my grin, then glance at my targets. Just like last time, the notifications on their apps make them falter. The moment they open it, the shared emotion is that of disbelief.

Donna Jesnsen is a sexual deviant who likes to screw everything that moves. Including her future step father. He keeps track of her affairs and rates them according to how sick and damaging they are. She slept with Yuri Ono before he was murdered.

Donna Jesnsen is a sexual deviant who likes to screw everything that moves. Including her future step father. He keeps track of her affairs and rates them according to how sick and damaging they are. She slept with Yuri Ono before he was murdered. "What the hell?" Davy Postvam utters into the silence.

"There's a video!" someone says.

The sounds that followed are of disgust mixed with disbelief as everyone seems to press play at the same time.

"No way. No fucking way."

My eyes stay on Donna. Her eyebrows are raised as if this is slightly troubling. Then she grimaces, probably realizing what this means for her. It's not the little black book in itself that hurts or the sick vultures in her room. It's the video of her screwing her mother's fiance. It's the Yuri Ono incident.

"Holy shit," someone breathes. "She slept with Miles Donahue. That guy was gross!"

"She slept with our French teacher!"

"And Yuri Ono..."

The list went on, and all I could do was grin to myself and wait. Wait for Rosie to turn on her and kick her out. But apparently no one dares say a word.

"What?" Donna asks, her voice high and strong. "Like you guys don't do freaky shit."

"Not like this, Donna," Rosie says. "Not like this. I--" She's lost for words and I don't blame her. This must be very hard to process.

"So what? You gonna kick me out now?" she asks, her chin held high.

"You have no remorse, do you?" Davey asks. "This is not right. It's not... sane."

She bursts out laughing. "Shut your trap, Postvam. You're on that list. I do what you do. Now you're going to cast me out just because I'm a woman?"

"I don't do what you do," Davey says between his teeth. "Teachers? Step parents? I actually draw the line at people in my age group and that consent. I don't do it to hurt people and I most definitely don't keep score."

"Oh, because we all know Delterre is your number one," Donna coos. "You like them dumb and submissive."

I feel a bit of outrage on Marisa's behalf since she's anything but dumb, but the idea itself is distracting. I didn't expect her to come up in conversation.

"You shut your mouth about her!"

"Is she your girlfriend now?" Donna goes on, feigning surprise. "Should I lay off because you love her?" Her emphasis on the word annoys me.

love "Enough!" For the first time, Rod comes to his friend's rescue. "Picking on David doesn't change what you've done. Who you are. You're not someone any of us want to be associated with."

"I'm sorry," Donna spits out. "I forgot that I was hanging out with saints."

"You're hanging out with the future leaders of the free world," Rosie says. "And you clearly have no place among us. So stay away from us, you twisted bitch."

I'm not exactly sure why the fight goes out of Donna at Rosie's words. They're pathetic and entitled, just like her. But somehow, they do the trick. Maybe because the moment Rosie gives her verdict, the whole school follows suit. People jeer at her, point, call her names that she deserves. And no matter how defiant she is, Donna Jensen can't fight everybody.

She doesn't curl into a ball on the floor like Miranda, but when she takes her leave, her head is bowed and her footsteps are quick, as if she's hoping to go unseen. What's left of the golden circle doesn't move from their spot even as the crowd starts to shift.

And as I watch them from the cover of my hood, I finally see it. Miranda was maybe and accident. Donna, however, was not. I was coming after them and they knew it.

Sweet, delicious fear flickered on their faces before they put their masks back on. But even so, their footsteps faltered as they walked away.

They knew they were next.

ðŸ§¿ðŸ§¿ðŸ§¿

And it continues to spiral. Two down, eight to go. What are your thoughts? How will this play out? What about the people with no secrets so far?

And it continues to spiral. Two down, eight to go. What are your thoughts? How will this play out? What about the people with no secrets so far? Thanks so much for reading TMI. I hope you enjoyed it. Don't forget to leave a vote and comment with your thoughts.

Thanks so much for reading TMI. I hope you enjoyed it. Don't forget to leave a vote and comment with your thoughts.





Thirty Two


Good things come to those who wait. Better things come to those who work their asses off to make them happen.

It's hard to be patient when you have so many bullets just waiting to be fired. So I can't hold it in anymore. The school is buzzing and I release the rumor on Lucas just two days after Donna Jensen.

As fun as it is to follow her moping shadow around as well as Miranda's, I need action. Appreciation. To put this abusive asswipe in his place. Because with Lucas, there's a catch. I can't just out him as gay because, as backwards as Petraka is, they won't openly shun him for it.

They'll just whisper around corners, maybe shove him a little, call him names behind his back. It won't get him kicked out of the golden circle.

I need more, so much more. Which is a little hard to do after the spectacular fall of Donna Jensen. It was delicious. What I first thought was a mild failure given her unapologetic attitude turned into a circus.

People hissed when she walked down the hallways. Girls pulled away their boyfriends so that she wouldn't get to them. The golden circle turned up the next day wearing matching t-shirts with #shesnotoneofus written on the front.

There were comments regarding her being a witch, a succubus. There were delicious comments about her killing Yuri Ono and I actually heard two girls discussing calling the police on her.

Miranda was just forced to eat her lunch in the toilets and no one talked to her. Donna had everyone showing her full, unapologetic animosity.

I love TMI. Which is why I must do it justice.

Marisa and Connor aren't very helpful. The success of our plan seems to be scaring them a little and they try to talk me out of confirming the rumor on Lucas early. They're a bit closed-minded, really. Why can't they just enjoy that we're winning?

So I ignore them and focus on our gay little friend.

Lucas Brandt is an abusive hypocrite. He's aggressively homophobic just to hide that he's gay himself. He's a disgrace to his kind. His relationship with Lexi Kramer is just for show and he abuses her. He also deals drugs .

Lucas Brandt is an abusive hypocrite. He's aggressively homophobic just to hide that he's gay himself. He's a disgrace to his kind. His relationship with Lexi Kramer is just for show and he abuses her. He also deals drugs I watch the shock on people's faces as they read this peace of information. Some groan, some look simply disgusted.

It's Martin who drives the point home with his usual finesse. "Dude! Seriously? You shower with us!"

That about sums up the level of understanding Petraka has regarding the LGBT+ community.

There is silence after this masterful affirmation, then Lexi bursts into tears. It's fabulous how no one even questions if TMI is right or not. They just take it as fact. Which it is. Rosie and Rod look confused, Antoine disgusted, but I can't help but notice that Ava and Davey don't look that surprised.

"You hit Lexi?" Davey asks, his voice low and controlled, but there is anger seeping from underneath, like water sneaking out from under a door. "What the fuck is wrong with you?"

"Drugs, Lucas?" Rod asks almost at the same time. "Where did you even get them?"

get He has some nerve seeing as Connor got accidentally stoned at his party, but he has to keep up his good boy act in front of these idiots.

Lexi cries harder and I'm not sure if she's actually shocked and hurting or this is all for show. And yet, my gaze travels through the crowd and stop on Marisa. She's watching Davey with a confused frown and I half-expect her to swoon. His fake protection of female dignity is something which would get under her skin.

"Why didn't you say anything?" Rosie asks Lexi. She's so gobsmacked, she forgets to act like the queen bee she's supposed to be.

"This can't be true!" Lexi wails. "Tell them Lucas! You love me!"



This bitch did not just question TMI. I make a mental note to end her next. Fortunately, the rest of the student body doesn't share her sentiment.

"What a slimeball," a guy next to me whispers. "Bets on who shuns him?"

That is a fair point. Until now, it was obviously Rosie, since she's the leader of the golden bitches. But will she also kick Lucas out, or will it be his majesty, King Rod?

I get my answer almost instantly.

"Stop lying to yourself, Lexi," Davey says between his teeth. "And you, asshole, you're done. And not because you're gay, but because you're a homophobic asswipe who abuses women and deals drugs."

"Davey," Lexi moans. "Please, give him one more chance."

"Are you for real?" Rosie asks, turning to her. "Honestly Lexi, the guy beat you. That's not love."

beat "Well, you're silent," Antoine observes.

Lucas is indeed very silent, his face still glued to his phone as if he can't believe TMI exposed him. Then, he raises brown eyes that are filled with fear. "Don't you see what this means?" he asks, his voice trembling. "It's coming for all of us."

Finally! Took the dipshits long enough to figure this one out.

Lucas shakes his head. "This isn't about me. It isn't about Miranda or Donna. This is about him ."

him Wrong, it's about her , but I love where he's going with this.

her "It's coming back around," he cries. "It's coming back around!"

"Shut up, you crazy moron!" Martin says, nudging him. "This is not about someone out to get us. This is about you lying assholes being exposed and trying to scare the rest of us. We have nothing to hide."

Yeah, right. Especially rapist, druggie Martin. But I keep quiet and feast my eyes upon the faces of the rest of the gang. Rosie is white as a sheet, no amount of makeup able to hide the fear on her face. I was right. They're all hiding something and Lucas is freaking the fuck out and giving them away.

"You're out," Rosie whispers and it's like a death sentence.

"No," Lucas says, his voice high and whiny. "Don't kick me out! We need to stick together!"

"We don't need to stick together ," Martin says, picking up the dirty work. "You need to stay away from us because you're a disgusting freak." And he marches away as if his victory is complete.

stick together I'm not sure if he's truly convinced TMI has nothing on him and is an overconfident idiot or just very good at acting. The rest of them are not. Lexi's entire body is shaking and she throws Lucas one last lingering look before following Ava and Rosie away.

Antoine bumps his shoulder, and I'm certain he's warning him against speaking up about the drugs, then strides away. Rod and Davey don't even glance at Lucas, but I can tell they're worried, even as they do their best to keep straight faces.

Oh yes. I broke something and they're so close to cracking.

ðŸŽ±

Marisa and Connor aren't even half as happy as they should be about the success of my operation. They fail to see the beauty of Lucas' breakdown and how it has served us further fuel for investigation.

"I don't know about that," Connor says, scratching the back of his head. "This is starting to feel a little extreme."

We're on the second floor chemistry corridor, away from prying eyes and ears, and yet they act cautious, as if the golden circle is still around.



"Extreme?" I ask. "The guy deserved it! The damn abusive hypocrite."

"Have you seen how bad Miranda looks lately?" Marisa asks, completely and rudely ignoring me. "Thin and jumpy, her eyelids always twitching."

"Who cares? She should know better than to stab her friends in the back."

"That's not exactly fair," she says. "Martin had a big hand in this. He encouraged her."

"Which I why he will pay." I roll my eyes. Honestly, they should've figured this out by now. "But you're missing the point! I was right about Yuri Ono."

"Absolutely no word that came out of Lucas Brandt's mouth confirmed anything you said." Connor heaves a sigh and massages his temples. "This feels so wrong."

They're really starting to get on my nerves. "You know what feels wrong? You not being happy that it's working. You not doing your work so we can find something on Ava and Davey."

"You mean on Rodney, Ava and David," Marisa point out.

I stomp my foot, my good mood taking a nosedive. "Rod is lying. He's a fucking cheater and we already have proof. I actually sacrificed myself for that, thank you very much. Kissing him was disgusting."

They look at each other, but say nothing. I'm not sure if they're finally accepting the truth or just don't want to fight me over it. Idiots. Marisa actually checks her phone.

"I have somewhere else to be." And just like that, she walks away.

I grit my teeth, watching her silly purple skirt swaying as she walks and am suddenly in dire need to confirm to the whole world that she's a faker. But I mustn't be rash. I turn to Connor, expecting him to hightail it out of there as well.

"Look, I wanted to talk to you." He shuffles his feet.

"What?" The word comes out harsher then intended, but I have no time for his shit. He's supposed to be out there looking for dirt on Davey Postvam.

"I..." He bites his lower lip. "Are you sure nothing happened between us?"

Really? He's wasting my time to talk about this? "Am I sure? How could I not be sure? I'm not the one who was drugged."

He lets out a defeated sigh. "Fair enough. It just felt so... real."

That's because it was real, you cretin. Too bad you were to baked to figure it out. I don't want to talk about this anymore. It just feels like a waste of time when we have so much to do.

That's because it was real, you cretin. Too bad you were to baked to figure it out. "We have other stuff to think about right now," I point out for good measure.

"Of course." Now he sounds snide. "How could I forget that the plan trumps all?"

"The plan does trump all." It's becoming increasingly hard not to whack him. "That's what brought us together in the first place, remember?"

does "So what, that's it? Once we're done, we all go our separate ways?"

I don't like to think past my moment of victory, so I just shrug. "Pretty much. High school is over."

"Yeah, that's the problem." He scoffs. "High school."

that's What the hell is his problem? It's not like we're going to be best buds and head off into the sunset and attend college together.

I'm spared an answer by a commotion coming from downstairs. Connor frowns and we both head that way. By the time we reach the top of the stairs, it's fairly clear that the school is in an uproar with no help from TMI.



"No way!" a girl at the bottom of the stairs yells. "I can't believe this leaked on line."

I'm not sure exactly what leaked on line, but Connor pulls his phone out and enters his Facebook feed. Huh. He still has Facebook. What a dweeb. But he uses it to immediately acces multiple news sites. The headline is the same.

Promiscuity Inside a Senator's House.

Promiscuity Inside a Senator's House. There are pictures of Donna Jensen fucking her step father everywhere. Who the hell did this and why wasn't it me? But the news is not what's causing the commotion. After all, CNN's post is at least three hours old. What has everyone gathering in the hall is Donna Jensen's mother.

everywhere. Senator Knowles dominates the hallway, even if her stature is much smaller than that of her daughter. Her eyebrows are bunched and her eyes scream murder.

"You," she seethes. "Get your stuff. You are never coming back here."

Donna tries to raise a defiant chin, but the tiny woman with the pixie cut stomps her high-heeled foot.

"Now! And don't you dare say a word, you disgusting, ungrateful spawn of hell!"

Maybe she has her own fault in this, but everyone is discreetly cheering Donna's mother on. Options become scarce once her bodyguards approach and force Donna out. The crowd is filled with animalistic glee, and most of them take out their phones to film this. CNN will have new things to report tonight. I don't blame them. This is fascinating and well deserved.

"Holy shit," Connor breathes.

"Don't tell me you don't think she deserved it," I snap.

"And then some. But shit just got real." He shakes his head. "Political careers will suffer."

Who the hell gives a crap? But then again, it was political careers that give legitimacy to the golden circle. The adults also deserve to fall. I want to point that out, but falter when I notice Connor scanning the crowd as if looking for someone.

Before I can ask, he spots whoever he's looking for and just leaves me standing there. I narrow my eyes and watch him as he heads for the door. There's no one there. But once he pushes the door open, I catch a glimpse of blond hair and pink highlights.

No. He couldn't be going to Rosie. Bile raises to my mouth and my hands become clammy with sweat. Is he still following her? What is he hoping to find out? We don't need anything else on her? How many times do I have to tell him and Marisa this?

Like the ghost I am, I make my way through the crowd and slip out unseen. I can spot Connor walking beside Rosie, the two of them heading for the parking lot. I can't believe my eyes. Where are they going?

I follow them, keeping a safe distance. I can't hear anything they're saying and it frustrates me beyond belief because I can see Rosie is blabbering non stop. Connor says nothing, walking beside her with his hands in his pockets.

What the hell are they doing? If they get into her car and drive away, I will rage. Instead, they walk in different directions, as if they suddenly realize they shouldn't be seen together. Which makes them look guilty as sin. What has Connor actually been doing while supposedly following her?

With that question in mind, I follow him. It's a strike of luck that I've started taking my car out again. Less lucky is that I end up following him as he drives aimlessly around town. I'm half tempted to abandon my endeavor and call him just to ask what he thinks he's doing.

Just as I'm about to give up on the pointless quest and head out of there, he finally stops on the other side of the street from the park I visited with Rod. The place makes me throw up a little in my mouth, but I park nearby and follow Connor anyway.



His walking appears just as mindless as his driving. His hands are deep in his pockets and his shoulders slumped, as if the weight of the world is upon them. A bit rich coming from a guy who hasn't done much.

Finally, he sits on a bench which is on a more secluded part of the park. This bodes well for me since I have loads of trees to use as cover. I can even sit down while I wait without the fear of being discovered. I take my spot in a thicket across the path from the bench.

Even so, my heart beats faster and faster and my palms become sweaty. He's either doing something fishy or wasting my time, neither of which are good. I'm not even sure what I'm hoping for.

Minutes stretch into infinity and the more I wait, the more I want to come out and rage at him. Punch him in the face.

The sound of footsteps breaks me out of that thought process and I lower to my belly and peek around the tree trunk. There's a girl coming towards him, wearing loose ripped jeans and a black hoodie similar to mine. A few strands of blonde hair come out from under the hood. She's also wearing huge sunglasses that cover half of her face.

She stops next to the bench and sits. Her full lips are trembling, and she immediately starts wringing her hands. Connor straightens his posture, then leans towards her. They're too close for my liking.

"What did you want to show me?" he whispers.

With trembling hands, she pulls a piece of paper out of the pouch of her hoodie. "This is it."

Connor opens it up and starts reading. The girl takes her sunglasses off and the breath hitches in my throat. It's fucking Rosie Geld. Except she's hard to recognize without the glamorous clothes and tons of makeup. What the hell did she give Connor and why?

"Ah," is all he says, passing her the paper.

"Do you understand why I'm so freaked out?" she asks, her voice squeaky like a scared little girl's.

"Rosie, this is not your fault."

"It is on some level," she says. "Because we never took it seriously. Never took him seriously. It happens more often then you can imagine. But then he actually did it." She sinks her face in her hands and starts crying. "I can't believe he actually did it."

him What the fuck are they talking about? And why didn't Connor immediately photograph what he read and sent it to Marisa and me? The fucking traitor! I have a good mind to step out and punch him in the stomach.

Okay, maybe that's unfair. After all, he can't be that obvious. I'm obviously overreacting, put off by his brilliant acting.

And then he just goes and takes Rosie in his arms, letting her cry on his chest. My fists are clenched so tightly, my nails bite into my palms until I draw blood. This is something he doesn't have to do.

have "I know this is all fucked," he whispers. "And yes, on some level you had something to do with it. But it's not your fault."

"No one will see it like that," she sobs. "Not if it pops up on TMI. It will totally end us."

Connor shushes her. "No it won't. You can't control someone else's actions. It was Yuri's choice to jump in that river."

So I was right. The assholes in the golden circle did have something to do with it. I can't wait to rub it in Connor's dumb face. Even if he's acting all apologetic now, I know he's mentally kicking himself, thinking how I was right all along.

"Yes, but it was because we shunned him. Truth is, I never knew it meant that much to him. He was a bit obsessive, but it wouldn't have done any harm to let him in." Rosie is rambling now. "I mean his parents were important enough... It's just... We never took him seriously. Ava and Martin were so against him, calling him a weirdo. And then Donna had to go and sleep with him and give him hope when there was none..."



"Wait." Connor holds her at arm's length and the pain in my chest lessens a bit. "Ava and Martin?"

Rosie nods, wiping her nose with the back of her sleeve. Classy. "They're so... Pushy."

Huh. This is new information. Connor seems just as surprised, but like the gigantic idiot he is, he doesn't press the issue.

"Thank you," Rosie says, her voice drowning in tears. "I can't really share this with anyone."

"What do you mean?" Connor asks. "You're all in this together."

She shakes her head. "Antoine doesn't care. He thinks it's stupid. Lexi is very whiny and panicky and makes me feel worse. Ava and Martin don't think TMI is coming after us for this. And Rodney and David are sick of this. I whine to them all the time."

"I'm sure they don't feel that way."

She lets out a wet giggle. "Probably not, but they have it rough enough as it is."

"I'm sorry," he says, and it annoys me beyond belief that he actually does sound sorry.

They sit in silence for a moment. My bones are starting to ache, but I don't dare shift and alert them to my presence.

"Connor," Rosie says, and I hated how intimate his name sounds coming off her lips. As if she's the one who slept with him, not me. "Do you think Marisa can be trusted?"

Her question literally makes Connor jump. My muscles also tense, making my position even more uncomfortable.

"What do you mean?" His voice comes out stuttering.

Rosie lets out a laugh. "No, nothing like that. I know you guys are just friends."

The affirmation doesn't loosen the tension in Connor's shoulders or mine. Rosie Geld was not supposed to link me, Connor and Marisa together. We hardly speak or hang out around them.

And yet... Shit. How has this never dawned on me before? When I went to pick Connor's drugged ass from that party, Rod knew to call me. He'd called Marisa before.

My heart is beating so fast, I'm pretty sure one of my ribs is broken.

"She's cool," is all Connor says.

"Asking for a friend." Rosie shrugs.

"David?"

"Yeah..."

"How come? I thought they were done."

Rosie tilts her head as if she finds the affirmation suspicious, and for a moment I'm sure Connor is busted. Then she just shrugs, probably concluding Davey could've told him.

"David has alway had a thing for her. After they got together, I was sure she would be an addition to our group. But then... Well, that disgusting rumor started flying around."

"So you don't think it's true?"

She shakes her head. "David was devastated. Plus, if it were true, TMI would've said so."

"But wasn't it Martin who spread it in the first place?"

She squints at him. "How do you know this?"

Connor lets our an exhausted sigh, but I can tell he's faking it. "My bad. David told me and I didn't think you didn't know. Please don't tell him I broke his confidence."

Brilliant lie and Rosie is eating it right up. She looks concerned now, her wide face complete with jutted out lip and teary eyes.

"I didn't know. But..." She clenches her fists in her lap. "Fucking Ava and Martin. I'm so sick of them controlling everything."

"Um, what?" The shock in Connor's voice is so genuine, I'm sure Rosie is going to catch on that he's bullshitting her and kill him.

Instead, she lets out a bitter laugh. "I'm so sick of this. Sick of this school, sick of pretending. I should..." Her eyes suddenly widen, as if she finally realized who she's been talking to. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have bored you with all this crap. I know we usually discuss more interesting things."

"That's okay," he says, still gobsmacked.

"I should go. Thanks for listening." And yet she doesn't go.

"No sweat," he says, his voice finally returning to normal. "Any time you need me, I'm here."

"Don't say things like that. Not if you don't mean them. I'm sick of play pretend."

Fucking hypocrite. Belitteling people and destroying their lives and she has it hard? She's sick of things?

If I were Connor. I'd spit in her face. He seems to have a similar idea, but a horrible application of it.

Right before my eyes, he takes her face in his hands and shoves his tongue down her throat.

ðŸŽ±ðŸŽ±ðŸŽ±

Totally not where I was going with this chapter, but let's vary it up a little, shall we? Totally know what's happening next .

Totally not where I was going with this chapter, but let's vary it up a little, shall we? Totally know what's happening next . Thanks for reading TMI. Please don't forget to vote and comment if you enjoyed it. All thoughts are very appreciated.



Thanks for reading TMI. Please don't forget to vote and comment if you enjoyed it. All thoughts are very appreciated.





Thirty Three


Ignorance is bliss. Ignorance is bliss. Ignorance is bliss.

I can't fucking believe Connor Michaels is making out with Rosie Geld right in front of me. After he slept with me .

me That devious, traitorous bastard! I'm going to kill him. And I'll do it in my own special way.

Careful not to make a sound, I take my phone out and snap a picture of them. Then I retreat backwards between the trees and get the hell out of that cursed park.

I don't get in my car. I'm not sure I'd be able to drive with how badly my hands are shaking. My vision is blurry and there's a bitter taste in my mouth. How could he do this? How could he do this to me ?

me I thought he loved me. He acted like it. He pursued me. He kissed me. Initiated the sex.

The fucking liar.

It's dark. It's too dark and cold and I can't handle this. I feel like I've just walked inside one of my nightmares.

Rosie Geld. Always Rosie fucking Geld taking everything from me. Humiliating me, killing my hopes, taking everything . Everything that ever made me happy.

everything She's not having this one. I'm going ruin it for her the same way she's ruined everything for me. I'm going to end them both.

I stop my desperate roaming and realize I'm in the middle of Arlington Memorial Bridge. Just as well. I take my phone out and lean my elbows on the railing. The words flow easily as I type them into TMI.

Connor Michaels is a traitorous, double crossing, backstabbing stoner who killed his entire family because he was bored.

Connor Michaels is a traitorous, double crossing, backstabbing stoner who killed his entire family because he was bored. My finger lingers over the button that would send this deadly confirmation together with the photo of him and Rosie sucking face into the world wide web.

I can do this. I have the power. It will effectively end him. I'm in control. They can't hurt me because I'm in control. I'm the one who can hurt them.

My heart beats so loudly, it blocks the sound of the passing cars. It hurts. My chest hurts.

But fortunately, my brain catches up with me.

Yes, I can do this. I have control over his fate, over his reputation. But the moment I expose him, I will lose Connor as an ally. He will let everyone know I'm behind TMI and that can't happen yet. Not until I destroy the golden circle. After I'm done with them, I can take care or him and Marisa. Until then, I'll use him. I still need dirt on Postvam.

So I exit the app, put my phone back inside my pocket and take a deep breath. Why am I so worked up anyway? It's not like I actually have feelings for him or want to have sex with him again. And even if I do, this Rosie thing doesn't stand in the way. An added bonus that he cheats on her. And if he betrays me, I'll know and I'll end him. He knows that.

I just majorly overreacted over nothing. Connor is nothing. All this has done is convince me that I need to move faster.

My phone buzzes and I check it to find a text from the traitor. He wants us all to meet.

With a calm that surprises even me, I gracefully head for our randez vous point and patiently wait for his highness to brief Marisa and I.

randez vous Marisa looks tired and a little confused, but is patient since the traitor is pacing like a maniac. I don't ask anything, just take an elegant sip out of my coffee mug, imagining how good it will feel to destroy him.

"So," he finally says. "It seems like Yuri Ono actually committed suicide."

Marisa's jaw drops. "How do you know that?"



"He left a note behind. He was obsessed with getting into the golden circle and after Donna slept with him and he was still shunned, he left an overdramatic letter and jumped off a bridge."

She covers her mouth with her hands. "That's awful."

I just wonder if it was Arlington Memorial Bridge. That would be ironic.

Connor drums his fingers on his thighs, his muscles tense. "What do you think, Marisa? Is it their fault?"

She hums, not instantly greenlighting the poisonous circle. But I know she will. She's too infatuated with Postvam not to let him off the hook.

"The thing is, Yuri really was weird. You know, that type of obsessive guy who just seems annoying, but could get very dangerous. Hiding darkness behind a perpetual smile." She sighs. "I don't know, Connor. Donna definitely is to blame, but the rest of them..."

was I have a better question, and it's about time I let it out. "How did you find out about the letter?" My voice comes out mildly curious, without the slightest hint of accusation and I'm so proud of myself.

Connor freezes, and there's obvious fear in his eyes. I can tell he's quickly considering if he should lie or not.

"Rosie showed me the letter," he finally says in a defeated voice which hints that he's accepting that I'm about to chew his ass.

"Rosie?" Marisa asks, rightfully shocked.

"Yeah. She wanted to talk. She's really freaked out about this whole TMI thing."

"Ah. So this is what Lucas meant," she says, suddenly enlightened. "He thought that TMI is payment for Yuri."

She's right, but it's irrelevant since it's not. "So, who was this letter addressed to?"

"Um, all of them," Connor says, tilting his head.

I can see that he's scared. He doesn't understand why I'm so cool about all this. He knows better, but it's not going to save him. What he should've known was not to shove his tongue down Rosie's throat in the first place.

"That's convenient. It gives us something on Ava and Davey."

Marisa and Connor look at each other, obviously having missed this nice bit of detail. The circle is closing, and they've both finally become obsolete.

"That's actually true," Connor finally says. He's hesitating and I'm sure he wants to justify his beloved in some way. "The thing is, I've also learned something else. Apparently Ava and Martin are the ones calling the shots."

"Really?" Marisa sounds fascinated. "In what way do you mean?"

"They pressure everyone into a certain behavior and they're actually the ones who decide who is in and who is out of the circle. Even this suicide letter thing. It was Ava who insisted they shouldn't report it and managed to convince everyone that hiding the whole thing is a good idea."

"That sounds a bit dumb seeing how Rosie's word is law when it comes to kicking people out," I point out. Plus, I bet Ava only had to lightly mention pushing Yuri Ono's body under the rug and they all jumped on it.

"Have you watched Ava carefully while that happens?" Marisa asks. "Because I thought so too, at first. But with this Lucas thing, I noticed the calculated look on their faces."

I know what she means because I've noticed this ever since Miranda, but it's good to have confirmation. Though, to be honest, it doesn't matter anymore. I have them all and their inner squabbles are of little interest to me. Let them eat each other as far as I'm concerned. Just an added plus. More feeder for their fall, more embarrassment.



"Not that it matters. They're all going down. If they turn on each other in the process, even better."

"I thought you'd be interested in that," Connor says.

"I'm more interested in why Rosie presented all this information to you. For free."

Marisa frowns, only now realizing how suspicious everything is. Connor just turns white like the ghost he is. I smile sweetly at him just to let him know he's doomed.

"Really now," I press on. "How did you even start talking to her? I thought you were stalking her without her knowing."

"I was," he says, "but she came to me to confirm that she and Rod aren't dating and..."

"It sort of went from there." I nod, accepting his explanation. I would normally ask how often they speak or hang our, but I'm really not interested. He's dead to me.

He just nods. Deep down inside, he knows he should provide more by way of explanation, but he takes the easy way out I'm providing. He obviously fails to see the danger. Not that he could do anything to change my mind.

"By the way, Marisa," he says, changing the subject. "Rosie asked me if you were trustworthy."

"Um, why?"

"I think she's worried about David. The guy apparently has a thing for you."

Marisa rolls her eyes, but her cheeks catch a pink tinge. She's enjoying this. Her face seems to light up, like a stupid light bulb that doesn't understand that being bright does nothing but give away its position.

I don't care about their petty drama. Marisa could go back to fucking Davey as far as I'm concerned. They don't matter. None of this does.

"I think we shouldn't meet here anymore," I say, my tone just as calm and collected as before.

They both turn to me, eyes wide. I can tell that the place now holds meaning for them. Just like it used to do for me until a few hours ago when I realized my trust in them was misplaced.

"Why?" Marisa asks.

"The owners could be returning any day now. It's no longer safe." It's so easy to lie.

"Oh," she says, immediately accepting my argument.

I hop off my stool and wash my coffee mug. I'm going to miss this place. The silence, the freedom and the independence it gave me. Maybe I should really look into getting a place of my own. But it's the space I will miss, not the rats I shared it with.

"So where are we going to meet then?" Connor asks.

I pause my tidying of the kitchen counter. They really don't get it. They can't see that it's the end of them, that there's no need to ever meet again. I don't need them anymore and so they no longer hold the power to hurt me.

But I'm aware I can't say that. I still need them on standby for a few more days. So I just shrug.

"We can always meet at school in the chemistry corridor."

"True," Marisa says, though her voice sounds unsure.

I don't care to listen to anymore of their drivel. I've already packed my stuff, so with a lazy wave of my hand I leave them behind, never to return again.

ðŸŽ±

Not much left now, and as I've decided, I'm going to start with Lexi Kramer. Everyone will find out where the golden fashionista actually gets her clothes.

Then I'll out Anton and his drug baking habits. Rapist Martin is next, followed by cheater Rod. Ava and Davey will fall together courtesy of Yuri Ono and Connor's cheating, which will leave murderer Rosie Geld for last.



Not much longer now.

I avoid the chemistry corridor, focusing on the fallen. Even if they're technically in the same boat, Miranda and Lucas don't team up. I guess they're both disgusted by the other, thinking their sin is lesser.

I spot Lucas fairly quickly as he hurries to empty his locker and get to class. There is a fresh bruise on his cheekbone and I'm guessing his parents were not pleased by the way their son came out of the closet. They are disgusting homophobes after all. I'm convinced they'd pull him out of school if he wasn't a month from graduating.

Miranda however is nowhere to be seen in the hall even if I'm sure she turned up for school this morning.

Tough. She'll miss the show. I wonder if she knows about Lexi's grave-robbing habit. Maybe they shared clothes at one point.

I head back to the main hall, ready to release my rumor when a scream stops me in my tracks. I frown and focus to pinpoint the location. It's coming from a nearby bathroom. There's another scream and I realize we're talking fear, not surprise or anger. So I join the handful of students heading that way and freeze in the doorway of the bathroom.

Miranda Washington is spread out on the floor, apparently unconscious. Two girls are leaning over her. One of them is my former best friend Erica. She's slapping Miranda across the face, but the girl remains unresponsive.

"Someone call an ambulance!" she yells. Her eyes fall on me and she has the audacity to frown.

I'm not paying much attention to her, because there's something on the floor which is much more interesting. There's a small orange tube inches from Miranda's hand, the kind used for prescription pills. Two lonely pills had poured out, one white and one light blue.

Antoine's drugs. I can't help the grin from spreading across my face. Lexi will just have to wait. Someone else is calling for attention.

A rough grip on my arm returns me to attention. Erica pulls me away and into the first empty classroom we encounter.

"What the hell is wrong with you?" she snaps. "You have to stop this!"

I glare at her, fighting to keep my temper in check. "What are you on about?"

"This TMI bullshit. Can't you see what you're doing to people?"

I really want to whack her. "Who ever said I was behind TMI? I'm a spectator like everyone else."

"Bullshit!" Her voice trembles with anger. "How could you grin like that after what you just saw? Miranda ODed for Christ's sake! She could die."

I shrug. "I didn't give her drugs or shove them down her throat for that matter. Actions have consequences."

Erica clenches her fists and grits her teeth, obviously doing her best not to snap at me or throw something. I rather enjoy seeing her like this.

"I've tried so hard," she says, her voice strained beyond belief.

"And got so far. But in the end, it doesn't even matter." I can't help it. She's being so overdramatic over the wrong thing.

"She's really gone, isn't she?" Erica asks, her tone seething with anger. "Audrey."

The name tears through me and I narrow my eyes at her. "You're a bit slow."



"I tried to understand. I hoped... For her..." She shakes her head. "You, on the other hand, are a monster."

"Oh, cry me a river. And before you try to get all high and mighty, I'm not behind TMI. And you have no proof to the contrary."

not She looks simply disgusted as she throws me one final glance. Then she strides out and back into my forgotten memories. Damn hypocrite who can't appreciate that I'm doing this for people like her.

Maybe this conversation would've upset me in the past, but my new thicker hide can't even feel it. So I take a seat on the teaches desk and rework my rumor.

Antoine Laurent develops experimental drugs he then deals to people . He spikes drinks with them to get p eople addicted. His drugs are the ones Miranda Washington ODed on.

Antoine Laurent develops experimental drugs he then deals to people . He spikes drinks with them to get p eople addicted. His drugs are the ones Miranda Washington ODed on. And I let it out into the world. This is the first time I don't do it during the rush hour in the hallway. But I know Miranda's body is attracting too much attention right now and police and paramedics are on their way.

By the time they get here, they will have someone to blame. Someone to arrest.

Even from this remote classroom, I can hear the notification on every phone inside the school. There is uproar, there is screaming and there is the sound of distant sirens.

I lean my back on the desk and put my hands under my head, a huge smile on my face. Yes, the satisfaction of a job well done.

ðŸŽ±

I wasn't wrong. By the time the police get here, everyone in Petraka knows who to point at, some coming forward with their own tales about being drugged at parties.

Antoine does not go quietly. He's kicking and screaming, threatening people. Threatening Connor who he believes was the weakest link, the snitch. Not too far from the truth, really.

Marisa and Connor call for an emergency meeting on the chemistry corridor. I grace them with my presence just to prove I haven't completely abandoned them. I'm not in the least bit interested in what they have to say.

"Shit got heavy," Connor says, the moment we're all there.

"Scared, Michaels?" I ask with a grin.

"What kind of question is that?" Marisa snaps. "We should all be sacred. This is getting way out of control."

Pussies. But I just shrug, not even bothering to hide my smile.

"I thought we were doing Lexi next," Miranda continues. "Why didn't you tell us you switched to Antoine?"

Because I don't report to you dipshits. I shrug again. "The opportunity presented itself. No use dragging the police here twice."

Because I don't report to you dipshits. "Shit." Connor starts pacing. "I never thought it would come this far. I feel responsible for Miranda."

"Why? Did you fall for Martin's charms as well?"

"This is not funny, Adrienne," Marisa shrieks. "Miranda is in the hospital. They pumped her stomach, but it was too late. Those things are nasty and now she's in a coma." The last word is so distorted, I can barely make it out.

I feel like a broken record. "None of us gave her the drugs or forced them down her throat. This was her decision."

"Her decision?" She swells with indignation. "Yes, she went behind her friend's back and slept with Ava's boyfriend, but she's a silly teenager. She doesn't deserve to die for it."

I wave her away. "She's not going to die."

"How do you know that?" Connor asks, his voice filled with muted anger. "You completely lost your shit after one pill!"

I narrow my eyes at him. "So did you. Or should I better remind you about that?"

He backs off instantly, taking the threat for what it is. Marisa is still hysterical, her hands shaking, but she says nothing else. I have no idea why they called me here, but I'm not giving them anything. It's my plan and I'm doing it just the way I want it.

Which means I'm free to confirm the rumor on Lexi as well. Antoine was a bonus anyway.

"What are you doing?" Connor asks when he sees me taking my phone out.

"Getting back on schedule." I push the submit button and the truth is set free.

Lexi Kramer's vintage clothes are genuine . She digs up recently dead bodies and steals their outfits just to pose on Instagram.

Lexi Kramer's vintage clothes are genuine . She digs up recently dead bodies and steals their outfits just to pose on Instagram. I don't need more than that and the lovely video I've taken that proves it.

The school is once again shaken by the sound of thousands of notifications going off at once.

"Another one?" someone nearby asks.

"No fucking way!"

And from downstairs I can hear Lexi wailing with despair. Her reign as the most fashionable girl in school has ended.

"You're out of control," Marisa whispers.

"Who's supposed to control me?" I snap back. "You?"

She and Connor exchange a look but say nothing. I just grin to myself and access Lexi's Instagram account. Her number of followers is dropping with the speed of light. She's done.

"Who are you doing next?" Connor asks, his voice neutral.

"Probably Martin. Not sure."

"When?"

I shrug again. "When I feel like it."

They don't challenge me, and I'm a little proud of them. They can be fast learners when they put their minds to it.

I turn my back on them and walk away, ready to return to my room and bask in this victory.

Just as I clear the stairs, my phone chimes with an incoming text. With a spring in my step, I continue my way down the hallway while opening the message. It's from Rod Wiseman.

Can we talk? I could come and pick you up in an hour.

Can we talk? I could come and pick you up in an hour. There's no emoji at the end. Things must be serious.

I laugh to myself and agree. I really want to see how brown his pants are.

ðŸŽ±ðŸŽ±ðŸŽ±





Thanks for reading TMI. Any thoughts are appreciated. Please don't forget to vote and comment if you're enjoying the story.

Thanks for reading TMI. Any thoughts are appreciated. Please don't forget to vote and comment if you're enjoying the story. Not much longer now. The story is almost complete.

Not much longer now. The story is almost complete.





Thirty Four


Some people just like the watch the world burn and I'm one of them.

This time, Rod Wiseman doesn't take me to a hipster bio coffee house in the middle of the hip neighborhood. Oh no, this time Rod Wiseman drives around for almost half an hour and stops at a lame Starbucks in the plebeian part of town.

Maybe he doesn't want to be interrupted by Davey again. Maybe he doesn't feel like the golden boy anymore. He sure as hell doesn't look it.

His face is drawn and pale and his hair is a disheveled mess, no longer the gross, slicked back perfection. It makes his chin look even pointier if possible. As I sip my espresso, I can't help but think of him as a pathetic little boy. A scared pathetic little boy.

Unlike last time, I'm not in a hurry to get him talking. I don't need secrets from him. I just enjoy watching him crumble in front of me, bite his lip until blood trickles down his chin. He wipes it with a shaky hand and looks into his mocha frapuccino. Davey was right. He really doesn't like coffee or he would't desecrate it like that.

"I..." He stumbles on the word and closes his mouth again.

I just smile and drink more coffee. This is way more satisfying than I could've ever imagined. Because I'm not watching them fall from afar. They've put me in the front seat for a private viewing.

"Look," he says, getting more eloquent by the minute. "The reason I want to talk..."

Okay, he's starting to get a little annoying with the hesitance, so I think a little torture is in order. "Are you going to explain why you never called me again after you kissed me?" Not like I ever want to kiss him again, but it seems like a perfectly embarrassing and legitimate concern.

He shakes his head, his eyes wide with surprise. "Actually I wasn't planning to, but now that you mentioned it, I backed off because there seemed to be something going on with you and Connor. I like the guy, so I'm not going to step on his toes."

I raise my eyebrows, internally seething at how much of a jealous asswipe Michaels is. "There's nothing between me and Michaels." He's too busy swiping saliva with your girlfriend anyway .

He's too busy swiping saliva with your girlfriend anyway "Oh." His shoulders slump the tiniest bit as if he finds the information favorable, but not overly. My mind does a quick analysis and I'm a bit lost how both Connor and Rod were all over me like three weeks ago and now they're both very uninterested. Dickwards.

"Why am I here then?" I ask.

I don't want to start thinking about rejection because I'll lose it and I might start confirming some rumors outside of school. I don't want that. My last five targets are the most delicious. I can't believe I'm halfway there. And with two of them falling together, I only have 3 rumors left until the big reveal.

"I just..." He takes a deep breath. "Can I trust you?"

Having to ask that is a clear indicator that your gut knows better and the answer is no. But I nod. "Of course you can."

"I just wanted to talk to someone who isn't neck deep in this TMI thing."

Ironic. But I put on a concerned face. "What's going on?"

He narrows his eyes at me, for once not looking dumb as a brick. "You know what's going on. I see you in school every day. You're right there in the middle of the shit show."

Huh, I didn't think they'd notice me. But I just shrug. "Not that type of what's going on. What's going on with you?"

Like the complete and gullible idiot he is, he relaxes and leans back in his chair. "I don't know why this is happening. I mean..." He takes in a deep breath and I wonder if he's going to confess about Yuri Ono and what they did to him. "There is something there. Something we know of, but I swear, we didn't do anything. And then Ava insists it's not that. I just... Don't understand."

do

"Why TMI is targeting you all?" Though it should be fucking obvious. So fucking obvious. Maybe Ava actually caught on and might be on to me, but I don't give a shit. It's too late for her. Too late for everyone.

"Why TMI even exists."

This snaps me out of my happy thoughts. "What? What do you mean? People need to know the truth."

"People can't live under constant surveillance and fear of retribution."

"People need to take responsibility for their actions."

"People make mistakes. Being socially shunned isn't the way to fix deviant behavior. It's like fucking 1984 in that school. One wrong move and you're canceled."

Rod Wiseman cursed. Fascinating. He's also annoyed and scared shitless, so I let him calm down. His pants are really brown.

"Look, I'm sorry," he says, his voice returning to normal volume. "I'm just so sick of this shit. Of the pressure, of Petraka, of fucking Ava and Martin. I feel like I'm about to crack, break into pieces when I'm so close to this being over."

He has no idea how close he is to it all being over. "You think you're under pressure? What about all those kids you and your friends bully? All the innocent people who leave Petraka with scars because they dared wear the same skirt as Rosie or looked at you or any of your friends funny?"

He groans. "That's why I wanted to talk to you. You see these things. You always looked past the cliques, saw behind this social ladder that has been inherited from past generations. Being the leaders of Petraka means you'd go on and be leaders in the real world. Everyone knows that. And I really do want it."

Oh, yes, Rod Wiseman, king of the world. What a self important douche.

"But," he continues, "the pressure is enormous. The act, having to do some things because it's expected of us. Don't you think that sometimes we'd just like to blend in?"

Is he fucking serious? "Really, Rod? You, the golden circle, the ones who can get away with anything are under pressure? What about all those kids who are on the outside looking in? Worshiping the ground you walk on? Wishing you'd grace them with one look?"

He smiles like I'm some sort of adorable toddler asking him if the moon is made out of cheese. "Please don't call me Rod. Also, don't you see? They're the truly free ones. Because when you're on the outside, you can go anywhere from there. When you're in... Well, I guess you're just trapped in there."

He makes no fucking sense. He's trying to justify his bullying and his privilege and make himself the victim, the wanker.

"Then open the door and step outside." Moron . The last word is only implied.

Moron His smile fades and he's once again all jitters. "I thought I could. But then this started happening." He sinks his hands in his hair and starts pulling at the locks. "I'm scared, Adrienne. More scared than I've ever been in my life."

We're going somewhere now. So I put on a concerned expression and lean closer to the table. I don't have to utter a word before his shoulders start shaking. Is he fucking crying?

"I just can't take it anymore. Who knows who's next, what comes out next?"

"If you've done nothing wrong, you have nothing to fear."

He raises his face to me and there are fortunately no tears because I don't think I could take that level of pathetic.

"There's no such thing as nothing wrong. We all do wrong things. And now they're so excited and ravenous, they'll tear you apart for anything."

all

That's true, and I can't help but congratulate myself for it. I drove the crowd into such a frenzy, they'll devour their former leaders for any silly little thing.

"I sometimes wonder if Ava and Martin aren't behind it," he mutters.

Huh, that's an interesting thought, though slightly offensive. "What makes you say that?"

He raises his eyes to me again. "They know everything, Adrienne. Every wrong move any one of us ever made."

"But don't you know the same for them?"

He lets out a laugh, but it's hollow. "That's what got me thinking. I mean Martin is so dirty. He drugs girls and rapes them, for fuck's sake. Like he literally enjoys taking girls by force. Ava obviously knows this and does nothing. And yet, even if he's more dangerous than anyone, maybe save for Antoine who actually makes the damn drugs, nothing was out on him except that silly Miranda thing."

so I try not to look too gobsmacked. I mean I knew Martin was an asshole, but I didn't know he was that sick. I thought he only took advantage of drugged girls, like he did Miranda, not that he actively drugged them so he could rape them.

that "And the way he dismisses the girls afterwards, claiming that it's their fault and they threw themselves at him... He keeps videos for fuck's sake, sends them around school!"

"Why don't you do anything about it?"

Rod's lips stretch into something that was maybe supposed to be a smile, but it just looks painful. "He and David had it out at some point. I think it was right before the Marisa thing. Punches went flying and Martin lost a tooth. A few days later, David lost a girlfriend and his parents lost the vote on a very important bill. There are things they hold over our heads. I personally preferred not to hang around him anymore. Better not to know. Plus, there are bigger things, things outside of school. We can't risk full on war when our parents can get the burnt of it."

Holy hell, they're blackmailing each other and not just at kid level. The world is crazy, and for a second, I sort of get the pressure Rod is talking about. But then I realize he's just an overly sensitive snowflake who's too afraid to take a stand.

"I don't know what to do..." he whispers, once again pulling at his hair.

"Don't worry. It will be over soon." The words come out soothing and I actually mean them. Only difference is, it's not the type of over he has in mind.

"What do you mean?"

"There aren't many people who haven't had a taste of TMI," I say with a shrug. "It hasn't gone back to the lower tiers, so maybe it will actually be over."

He doesn't look convinced, but sinks his face back into his hands. "I know we messed up. We shouldn't have just gone with the flow, become what everyone expected us to be. But it's so hard to break the habit once you get into it. Maybe it's not too late."

I frown. "Not too late for what?"

"To turn this around. I mean Rosie is trying. David, too. He actually apologized to Marisa, told her the truth. She might actually forgive him. He asked her out and she said yes."

She did what ? But I do my best to keep the rage off my face. After Connor's betrayal, hers is even less important. I don't need her to bring him down. I'll bring them both down together.

what "Marisa is such a great person," he goes on, oblivious to my mood shift. "If it were up to us, we would've let her in a long time ago, even without her dating David. But, alas, Ava didn't want that. She preferred Miranda instead."

Because Miranda was dumber and therefore easier to control. And yet she ended up stealing Ava's boyfriend. Karma much? But I also wonder if Rod knows Marisa is actually very intelligent. He probably does if Davey does. All these ties are getting a little confusing. Under different circumstances, I would've panicked, gone all paranoid and wonder just what the hell these guys know.



As it is, it doesn't matter anymore. Not when their downfall is inevitable.

"What about you, Rod?" I suddenly ask. "What are you hiding? What are you afraid TMI will reveal about you?"

He gives me a bitter smile, not even commenting on my use of name. "Isn't my inadequacy sin enough? That I let all this go on when I could've stopped it? But maybe I'll take a leaf out of David's book and end it."

My hand darts inside the pouch of my hoodie and tightens on the hilt of my Swiss army knife. I suddenly have the feeling that he called me here to end me and all this was just a really long-winded introduction. But he doesn't attack me.

Instead, he stands and gives me a small wave. "I'll see you around, Adrienne."

He says my name with the sort of effort that hints he doesn't want to let all those syllables out. The kind of inappropriate feeling I would get if I called him Rodney. Except in my case, it's protection. In his case, he just doesn't want to let go of the past.

ðŸ§¿

Making Martin Hirsh fall brings an unrivaled feeling of satisfaction. I don't think I've ever been happier or more excited in my life. The only thing that could possibly compare will be the fall of Rosie Geld herself.

For Martin, I don't want to lose the chance to be the harbinger of doom all the way. So before I release the rumor, I call the police from a burner phone and give them an anonymous tip that the guy is a rapist.

Then, I focus on bringing him down in dramatic fashion. I already know how long the police will take to get here, I've timed them in the case of Miranda and Antoine, so I will give him five minutes to be devoured by his peers before more capable people come and take him away.

The rumor is vicious.

Martin Hirsch deals and uses the drugs made by Antoine Laurent to knock girls out at parties, after which he rapes them. He is rough and abusive and belittles his victims, sending out videos of the deed. He raped a drugged out of her mind Miranda Washington.

Martin Hirsch deals and uses the drugs made by Antoine Laurent to knock girls out at parties, after which he rapes them. He is rough and abusive and belittles his victims, sending out videos of the deed. He raped a drugged out of her mind Miranda Washington. Of course, the confirmation comes with a nice little video Marisa filmed from Lucas' shed. I swear to God I've never seen Rosie and Rod look so pale. Davey just stares at his phone in disbelief while there's absolutely no feeling on Ava Park's face. That is before she suddenly bursts into glamorous tears.

"This can't be true," she wails. "You said you never slept with her!"

That's her problem? Miranda? Not the drugs? Not the general rape charges?

That's "This is true," a girl speaks out from the crowd. "He did this to me last month at Josie's party."

"Me too," another girl piped in.

"And me."

It's beginning to sound like the #metoo movement moved to Petraka. Martin just stares like a moron, his eyes darting from face to face, but his death glare has lost its power.

"What the hell, Martin?" Rosie asks, her voice filled with muted anger. "Who the hell are you people?"

That's a fair question. The only issue is that the person asking knew too well. But the thing is, it's just her, Ava, Rod and Davey now.

"Are you going to believe this garbage?" Martin demands, though his voice is shaking the slightest bit. "So okay, yes, I did Miranda, but she's the one who got down on her knees and gave me a blowjob. Not my fault she couldn't stomach it afterwards."

"This guy is so disgusting, it's making me sick." This time it's Marisa's voice riling the crowd on, as if she wants revenge on behalf of Miranda.

The student body takes her affirmation and grows it into a lot more interesting information.

"Hell no, you do it," a guy yells. "You send videos afterwards, man."

"You disgusting pig!"

"I slept with him sober and he's not even that good."

Martin twists and turns, but the voices and accusations are coming at him from all directions. The school knew what a slimebag he was, and yet they needed TMI for their voices to be heard. I am definitely in charge of an important social movement here.

"Shut up, the lot of you, or..."

"Or you'll what, Martin?" David asks, raising his eyebrows. "Spread more nasty lies? Drug someone at the next party as revenge? Like you did with Connor?"

"You're an awful person!" Ava screams, like the nice little actress she is. "I can't believe you could lie to me like that. For so long! I had no idea who you were!"

Martin doesn't have time to answer and I believe Ava timed her outburst perfectly. Police sirens are blaring and he tries to make a quick getaway and avoid the humiliation. His former victims don't let him. They've heard the sirens too. With savage glee morphing every feature, they head on after him, phones out and recording, right on time to catch him being apprehended. The news outlets will have a busy night again.

I don't follow the crowd out. There's no need. I know that videos from all angles will be all over the internet within minutes, and I don't need to catch this live. Instead I focus on my remaining targets. Ava pretends to wipe her tears, but Rosie, Rod and Davey are pale as death. They too know what it means. Ava is careful, and it's just the three of them left then. What does TMI have on them?

Rod's gaze suddenly moves to me, and there's a frown on his face. Maybe he's putting two and two together, but I don't care. I just give him a pitying shake of my head and mouth, "It will be over soon."

There are few people left, but both Marisa and Connor are among them, standing next to each other, watching me from across the hall. I can tell they're glad Martin has been outed, but the looks they sometimes give Rosie and Davey make me realize they might not be as willing to continue with the plan.

Maybe they'll agree with me on Ava, but as far as they're concerned, they don't want me touching their beloved. Idiots. They have no idea that after Rosie Geld falls, they're next.

The door to school opens, and Erica walks in. There's an annoyed snarl on her face. I swear to God that if she comes for me in front of everyone, I will end her.

She throws me a glance and it's anything but friendly, but ultimately, her attention turns to Rosie. "Hey, you. Golden girl."

"Yes?" Rosie sounds meek, so unlike her haughty and assertive self.

Apparently, the educational role of TMI is also a success. She doesn't feel like being a bitch when she knows she'll be devoured by her former admirers soon enough.

"I don't know if you care anymore, given that stupid app, but I thought you should know." Erica takes in a deep breath, looking suddenly worn out. "Miranda Washington is dead."

ðŸ§¿ðŸ§¿ðŸ§¿

So this happened . And we're so near the end , it's scary. Prepare for all answers in the next chapter.

So this happened . And we're so near the end , it's scary. Prepare for all answers in the next chapter. Thank you for reading TMI. All thoughts are appreciated. Don't forget to leave a vote or comment for support.

Thank you for reading TMI. All thoughts are appreciated. Don't forget to leave a vote or comment for support.





Thirty Five


Mayhem. Everything is mayhem.

The news of Miranda Washington's death sweeps the school. It's even worse than in the case of Yuri Ono, because now everyone knows exactly how it happened.

Fall from grace, public shaming, depression, drugs, death.

For the first time since TMI launched, Rosie Geld is denouncing it. Who cares about social justice? she says. This shouldn't translate into people dying. Half of Petraka seems to share her opinion. The other half is just waiting for her fall. They know it will be delicious.

Marisa and Connor insist on talking to me, but I don't want to hear it so I don't answer their texts and avoid them.

The news gives me mixed feelings. Why is Miranda's death so relevant? So important? Why, when Audrey was quickly forgotten? Miranda did it to herself.

She was guilty. She chased Martin, she took the drugs. She took too many.

She was a spoiled little rich girl with a golden spoon up her ass. She didn't struggle . She was just inconvenienced for the first time in her life and cracked. She was weak and this is how natural selection manifests now. Bears don't eat you. Other people do.

struggle This just shows how much more justified TMI is. People need to be held accountable, be aware of the possible consequences of their actions. And yet, a wave of hatred like never before sweeps the school, focusing on the one thing that opened their eyes. I can hear them around every corner.

"This is just another bullying mechanism."

"It's too much."

"It's so unfair."

"I wish this app never existed in the first place. Look what it's done to our school!"

And yet, none of them dare uninstall the app, dare be left out of the loop now that everything is about to close. None of them realize they've been brought together by it.

I know for a fact that's the case and it makes the nests of rebellion easy to ignore. They don't really hate TMI. They're just afraid of the consequences of their actions. It got serious and now it's dangerous.

The danger only further motivates me.

Avoiding people is a bit of a pain in the ass, though. I could just stay home for a while, but I need to know what happens, how everything evolves. The festering mess is something I can't seem to look away from.

Plus, at home, I have my parents. The news that the Washingtons' only daughter is dead has shaken my politically prone parents into a state of reverent mourning. They whisper in the house, throwing worried looks my way as if I might soon follow in Miranda's footsteps.

But they also see the opportunity. With the Washingtons in the midst of such a scandal, my father has the opportunity to step on their corpses and further climb the ranks.

I get confirmation the following evening when, with a well practiced sigh meant to show he's not a monster taking advantage of other people's misery, my father announces that his political aspirations finally came through.

"I made the list for the elections," he says, his voice flat as he forks a meatball around his plate. "And this time, I'm high enough to actually get a place in Congress."

My mother looks a little surprised, her eyes widening to comical proportions, as if she hasn't dedicated her entire life and body to make it happen. "Really? Now?"

He nods, ever the humble, fair politician. Then, he gives a little shrug. "I don't like how it happened, but it's not like I can do anything about it."



"Don stepped down?" my mother asks.

I huff, playing around with my own food. Of course he stepped down. His daughter died and he was disgraced. My parents should be thanking me since I indirectly made my father's dreams come true.

The thought makes me feel dirty and disgusting. In no way did I want my quest for truth to actually give his lying ass a career boost or justify my mother's fake socialite persona. Bile climbs to my mouth and I push away my plate. So much for my appetite.

Both of them turn to me, frowns on their faces. Then they look at each other as if trying to decide my fate using only stares.

"Are you alright?" Jocelyn finally asks.

I offer her a shrug. "Why wouldn't I be?"

My father looks surprised for some reason. "One of your classmates just died."

I shrug again. Maybe that would bring Miranda to life. "Not that shocking given the amount of drugs she took." Oh, right. Nothing would and everyone should fucking deal with it.

"What is going on in that school ?" my mom pipes in. "The stuff that's on the news." She shakes her head as if to show her disapproval for the gossip she's definitely eating up.

school My father joins in and a rant about schools in America and how it's happening "right under their noses" begins. I tune them out because I honestly don't care and I've had my fill of their pathetic nonsense for the next ten months.

"... and all this disgracing information coming through an app."

I perk back to attention.

"Can you imagine that some sick, twisted individual is actually stalking these kids? Digging into their lives, filming them without any consent whatsoever?"

I want to chuck my plate at my mother's face. "What about the sex without consent and spiking people's drinks with drugs? But that's okay, I guess, as long as the right people do it, right?"

They both turn to me, their dumb mouths hanging open as if they couldn't figure out this obvious aspect.

"These things should be reported to the police and properly dealt with, not let some teenagers ruin lives with it. Ruin political careers."

"Oh, yes, of course, political careers." I stand and shove my chair back. "I forgot that's all that matters."

"No one said that," my mother says, then looks into my plate. "You haven't eaten anything."

"Because that's important."

"Yes, it is. When's the last time you actually ate ?"

ate I don't know and I don't care. "I'm too sick to eat. You make me sick."

make They both stare at me, and after a second, my mom's face twists into a snarl. Her masks slips off and I can clearly see the hatred in her eyes. There we go. Was it so hard to finally be honest, mommy dearest?

"I can't do this anymore. It's obviously not working." She turns to my father. "Harold, we need to call doctor Lee. I know you wanted to see how it goes, but it's not going anywhere."

The name sends alarm bells into my brain and I'm not exactly sure why. It doesn't mean much to me, isn't familiar, but conveys and underlining sense of danger. Right there, on the edge of my consciousness, telling me to run.

"I don't need a doctor. I'm fine," I snap.

"Fine?" my mom shrieks. "Your attitude, that look in your eyes... You're like a cornered animal. No one is out to get you , Adrienne. We're all just trying to help!"

out to get you

I let out a sarcastic laugh. "Help with what? All you've done is follow your own goals, step on bodies to finally get what you want. Well, congratulations. Maybe now you can stop and actually pay attention to the people around you. Or are you not high enough? Need more bodies?"

Her eyes widen as if this bit of common sense is too much for her. "That's so unfair and so untrue." She turns to my dad. "See what I mean? She's gone. There's no point."

My father shifts in his seat, obviously uncomfortable, and I'm sure he'll cave. They have something devious planned for me, something they've probably been discussing for a long time. They don't approve that I'm not like them and they want to fix that.

Lobotomy .

Lobotomy I'll be damned if I make it easy for them. But I won't let them see that I'm on to them. So I just huff, roll my eyes like a normal teenager, then leave the kitchen and stomp up the stairs as loudly as possible. Once I reach my room, I shove some clothes and basic toiletries into a duffle bag and throw it out the window before climbing down myself. There's this flimsy decorative fencing meant to help my mother's flowers climb the wall of the house, but she's always been a piss poor gardener. A piss poor anything, actually.

Once I'm safely down, I haul ass out of there. Even if I never intended to go back to the diplomats' house, there aren't many places I can go. It won't be for long anyway. I just need the peace and quiet until my plan is complete.

Then I'll solve the matter of my crazy parents as well. Put them in their place, show them who they're dealing with and that their actions have consequences. Because there's no way in hell I'm going to a doctor. Not when I'm healthy and the world is one giant tumor only I can see.

And I'm going to cut it out. Even if it means bringing TMI to the next level.

ðŸ§¿

The showdown with my parents does have an effect. I don't want to take the chance to miss finishing my mission. So I spend my night and half of next day planning on how to best end the golden circle. It needs to be fast and it needs to be painful.

But with the matter of Ava and Davey having to fall for something that also concerns the others, it's a bit more difficult than I anticipated. This would've been a time when Marisa and Connor would've come in handy with their ingenuity. I still don't want to talk to them, though, so instead of using the secluded chemistry corridor, I wonder the hallways like a ghost.

I don't get my much-deserved peace and quiet.

"I trusted you."

The voice freezes me in place as I stroll down the third floor corridor. I turn to my left and see Rod Wiseman sitting on a windowsill of a nearby window, his eyes taking in the grounds. For a moment I wonder if I've imagined him talking.

"I told you all about Martin in confidence." He turns to me, his steel gaze more alert than I've ever seen it, for the first time not looking like a brain dead idiot.

But it's too late and he has nothing on me. I just shrug. "Didn't you see how many people actually knew what he was doing?"

He glares at me and I take half a step back. I suddenly see why he's king of Petraka. When he gets pissed, he can be quite intimidating.

"Don't chuck it out to coincidence, Adrienne . We're not blind."

Adrienne Yes, they are. And now they're doomed. Starting with him, apparently.



"You can't prove it was me."

He hops off the ledge of the window. My fingers curl around the hilt of my knife. Fortunately, he doesn't step towards me.

"I don't want to prove it was you. Hell, at this point I don't even care if it is. Everything has gone way too far and what happened to Miranda..." His voice breaks as if he actually cared about her.

I want to tell him that he doesn't have to pretend for my benefit, that I'm not falling for it anyway, but there's no point. Not anymore.

"TMI needs to die," he says.

No, he needs to die, the asshole. "Right before the grand finale? No way. That wouldn't be fair."

He squints at me, his thin lips turning with a snarl. "It's a show now, isn't it?"

"Ask anyone and you'll get your answer."

"Who are you?"

are I'm done playing. I'm done because, one way or another, this ends today.

"Your worst nightmare." And just like that, I strut away.

Let him take what he wants out of that. Let them know it was me who ended them one by one. It's time. Above me, the bell rings, signaling the end of classes. A throng of students fills the hallways, bathing me in sweet anonymity. They're discussing TMI, wondering if any more rumors will be released today. Even if they pretend they hate it, they can't get enough.

And I'm going to give them everything. The peak of the high school will fall today, crumble into pieces for them all to step over. The moment has finally come.

"Adrienne!"

Marisa and Connor make their way through the crowd. I try to shake them, but they split up and corner me. Before I can slip around them, he grabs my forearm and they drag me inside an empty classroom.

"You have to stop this," Marisa says the moment the door closes. "TMI has to go."

I yank my arm out of Connor's grip. "Right before we get to the good stuff? You're out of your mind!"

"We?" Connor asks. "There's no we anymore, Adrienne. Not when you only do what you want, not when you don't listen ."

we listen "Listen to who? You?" I step further away from them. "This is not your operation, not your goal. You only joined in when it suited you and now you're abandoning ship."

"A person died , Adrienne," Marisa says, her green eyes shooting daggers, her fists clenched. "Don't you think that's enough?"

died I scoff. "You don't care about Miranda. All you care about is that I don't expose your beloved Davey." I turn to Connor. "Or your girlfriend Rosie."

They both freeze, watching me with wary eyes. Didn't they asume I know? After all, I know everything. They should be the first not to underestimate me. Fucking morons.

"Don't you dare say I didn't care about Miranda," Marisa says, her voice shaking. "Because I did. She was not a bad person. She was a good friend."

Is she fucking kidding me? I want to point out that Miranda did everything TMI revealed and then some, but there's something more there. Marisa helped me orchestrate her fall, she's the one who filmed her and Martin getting it on, after all. And that's a more appropriate course for this argument to take. Want to dish out blame, Marisa? How about your own?



"If she's not a bad person, then you are. For pretending to be her friend just to get dirt on her."

"Adrienne," Conner says, but I ignore him.

"You both pretended to be friends with the golden circle just to stab them in the back. So if you want to make excuses for some people, why not start with yourselves?"

"This has to stop," Marisa whispers, shaking her head. She doesn't seem hurt by my words and it bothers me to no end.

"Marisa is right." It's his turn to pick up the stick of moral truth and beat me to death with it. "You're also right. We're not the good guys. We should've never done this. We have no moral authority to punish others!"

Oh my God, could they get more boring? "Truth doesn't care about moral authority."

"Yes, it does." Marisa clenches her fists. "I will not stand by and watch you ruin more lives just because you have a grudge against Rosie."

"Oh, and what are you going to do about it?"

They look to each other, their faces dark. They have a plan. They've anticipated my refusal to cooperate and now they're going to shut me up by force, all so I don't tarnish the reputation of the disgusting people they're in love with.

"Let's have it out!" My voice is trembling, but I push forward. "You're doing this because you're back with Davey, and you are in love with Rosie."

you They once again share a glance, though this time it's curious, but they don't speak to each other, don't deny the truth im my words.

My vision tunnels and the edges blacken. Even if I was sure, the confirmation hits me like a hammer to the ribcage and everything seems to rattle inside. I visceral feeling of supreme hatred twists my gut. I let them in and they hurt me.

I let them in and they betrayed me.

"You traitors!" My voice is so loud, the windows rattle. "You fucking, back-stabbing traitors!"

Connor shrugs. "Call us any name you want, but we won't let this go on. It's for your own good as well as everyone else's."

"I'd like to see you stop me." I'm already backing away like a cornered animal. They're both much bigger than me, but I think I'm faster, more cunning. I'll jump out the window if I have to. Hell, it's only the first floor. It won't even hurt this time.

"Adrienne, we don't want to force you." Marisa's voice is calm and soothing, as if she's speaking to a spooked horse. "But you have to see it. Death, arrests, political careers destroyed. Some of these people who we've indirectly discredited were trying to do some good."

I don't care. I can't even hear her properly. All I know is that they're trying to stop me, to take everything away. The truth. The world needs to know the truth.

The world needs the truth.

Every sound seems to muffle, and for a moment, I'm in a void. I'm sure I can hear the gentle drip of water. Like an IV. Am I in the hospital again? I'm sick of hospitals. Sick of everything.

I'm sick.

They're not going to stop me.

With a scream of rage, I charge at them. Both Marisa and Connor bolt out of the way, as if sensing there's no stopping me. In a second, I'm out in the hallway. All faces are turned towards me, and among them, I see her.

Rosie Geld, white as a sheet, her full lips trembling as if I'm death itself coming to take her. What she doesn't know is that I am.

I don't have time for preparations, for fancy wording, for a hierarchy. In the moment when everything is on the line, when I'm too close to be stopped, I can't help it anymore.

Keeping my eyes trained on hers, I sink my hands inside the pouch of my hoodie and press the buttons I'd longed to press for over six months. The first rumor I ever introduced into my beloved app flies into the ether, forever sealing the fate of the worst person in this world.

A chorus of chimes follows and everyone hurries to check their phones. All except for Rosie who keeps staring at me.

In that moment, I feel nothing but peace. I think someone is calling my name, but I don't care. Connor and Marisa are too late. It's done, and now the whole world knows the truth.

Rosie Geld killed Audrey Hart.

Rosie Geld killed Audrey Hart. There are gasps, as there should be, and finally, Rosie looks away and checks her own phone. The muttering grows louder, making the cursed school sound like a giant hive ready to devour their queen. The drones now know the truth about her, who she really is. There's no honey behind that smile. Only death.

Rosie just frowns as she glances at her screen. She doesn't crumble, doesn't cry, doesn't ask for forgiveness from her peers. She doesn't even look too bothered by the news.

With her eyebrows scrunched in confusion, she once again lifts her pig-like face and stares straight at me. In an instant, the crowd quiets down as if hypnotized by her presence.

For a second, fear shatters me. What if she's too strong? What if the crowd will not believe TMI without proof in her case? What if... What if... What if... The possibilities spiral, and I can't look away from her sapphire eyes. The exact shade of the gem falling against her color bone.

She's not wearing her pink dress and her highlights had dulled into a strawberry blonde, but I can still see them, as vividly as ever. The clothes she was wearing that night, the snarl on her face.

I blink and it's gone. That Rosie no longer exists. This one is just confused and doesn't explode into a hurricane of unfairness.

"How?" she asks, her voice calm and collected, as if she hasn't just been outed as the murderer she is. "How could I have killed Audrey Hart, when you're right here? Tell me, Audrey. How?"

All eyes turn to me, like endless petals in a field of dying flower.

And the crowd explodes into a cacophony of sounds I can no longer make sense of.

ðŸ§¿ðŸ§¿ðŸ§¿

And there you have it! The climax and we are done. A lot of things probably just started to make sense right now. If not, stay tuned for the recap at the end.

And there you have it! The climax and we are done. A lot of things probably just started to make sense right now. If not, stay tuned for the recap at the end. There are still a few more chapters left to go, maybe two and an epilogue. I'll keep you posted on that.

There are still a few more chapters left to go, maybe two and an epilogue. I'll keep you posted on that. In the meantime, did you see that coming?

In the meantime, did you see that coming? Let me know and don't forget to vote and comment if you enjoyed the story.





Let me know and don't forget to vote and comment if you enjoyed the story.





Thirty Six


Connor

Connor Rosie's words fall like a hammer. But once I look around, I realize I'm the only one shocked by this revelation. The only one who didn't know. Because when I came to this cursed school, Audrey Hart was gone and there was only Adrienne.

Everyone else, however, is stricken by the imediate implosion of TMI and everything it stands for.

I look to Marisa for help. She seems confused by my confusion, then suddenly realizes the issue and gives me an apologetic shake of the head. I understand. Now is not the time. She will explain later.

Because I sure as hell need an explanation.

Audrey is Adrienne and Rosie never killed anyone. Not that I actually thought her capable of murder. She has many flaws, but homicidal maniac is not one of them.

Adrienne on the other hand...

She stays frozen for the longest time. Something tugs at my heart, reminders of feelings I've tried so hard to smother once I accepted she would not be saved. Now I realize that it was maybe a shadow of Audrey I saw inside and maybe she was the one calling out to me, entrancing me. It was Audrey I dreamed of, her I wished to maybe build something with. Not Adrienne. Not cold, cruel, scheming Adrienne.

Suddenly, the paralysis ends and that cruel smile I've come to detest spreads on her face.

"Is Audrey standing right here?" she asks, as if it isn't obvious to everyone, except maybe me, that she is. "Have any of you actually seen Audrey lately?"

seen I know what she means, but murder doesn't work that way. Rosie seems to be thinking along the same lines, but has more patience than I would if I were in her shoes.

"I apologized to you," she says, her voice just as controlled as before. "Things changed after what happened. Why do you think I supported TMI so much? Because of you . Because I knew I cracked under the pressure and did something unforgivable and that had to change."

you "You changed nothing!" Adrienne yells. Her hands once again sink inside the pouch of her hoodie and I'm sure she's squeezing her knife. She's been doing that a lot lately.

"Yes, I did. We tried to prevent as much bullying as possible. We tried--" She falters and I know it's up to Marisa and me to step up and do what's right.

Rosie is right. She's done her share. As have Rodney and David.

"To escape Ava's influence?" I ask.

Like a well-oiled machine, the student body turns to me. I don't really care, I was never intimidated by crowds. I only have eyes for Ava.

She looks confused, trying to play it cutesy. "What are you talking about, Connor?"

I scoff. "Please. We know you're the mastermind, using Rosie as your megaphone to spread terror and make the rules. No one was in or out of the golden circle unless you wanted it. You control everyone, Martin included."

Even if I'm sure I'm right, I have no proof. There's no more TMI and if Ava rejects my claims, this is all going to hell fast. I'm not sure Rosie has the strength to pull out from under her influence.

"Come on, Ava," Marisa joins in. "The school year's almost ending. Let it out. How's everyone going to know what an evil genius you are if you don't admit it?"

Her words to the trick. Ava breaks into a hellish smile, finally looking every bit the manipulative bitch we know she is.

"People are so easy to control," she says, her sweet voice vicious. "Just hint at their worries, suggest that they come off weak, and they'll do whatever to prove you wrong, to make the bad go away. It's so easy not to think, just act and take all the glory." She turns hateful eyes on Rosie. "You think you were in control? You are nothing but my puppet."



The crowd is eating this all up. I can tell by their eager faces, by the way they stay quiet, as if afraid a whisper would dispel the magic.

"You are all beneath me," she hisses. "You, Rosie Geld, with your all important father, I could use to get away with anything. And you..." Her black, soulless eyes fall on Adrienne. "Do you think you were fooling anybody? I knew you were behind TMI the moment it appeared. I suggested to Rosie to support it, claimed it was doing some good . That she could wash away some of her sins."

good "Shut up," Adrienne says between her teeth. "You had no idea it was me."

Ava lets out a condescending laugh. "As if. You think you're so subtle with your jeans and hoodie? You think no one recognized you? That we couldn't tell you were stalking, scheming, skulking around the school, around our houses? We were just giving you a wide berth because we knew you were crazy."

"Sure, pretend now. You didn't know," Adrienne insists.

didn't Ava laughs some more, the sound making the hairs on the back of my neck stand. "Okay, maybe not these simpletons, but I did. And I let you do it because I was curious to see how far you'll go. How much you'll destroy. And then, when your plan fell apart around you, how humiliated you'll be. Because you're nothing but a moron and a puppet, just like the rest of them."

A scream of rage erupts out of Adrienne's mouth. I move out of instinct and manage to grab her around the waist before she can properly reach Ava. The silver of the blade shines in the light of the afternoon soon, tainted by blood. There's a gash on Ava Park's perfect cheek.

Her eyes wide with the shock of a move she couldn't predict, Ava places her hand over her bleeding cheek. "The crazy bitch tried to kill me!"

That's true. Because if I hadn't caught her, the blade would've gone straight through Ava's face. But as it is, I'd rather focus on the body struggling against me, kicking in the air, than on the fact that I'm holding a potential murderer.

"Does it sting?" Marisa asks, drawing all attention to her. There's a slight tremble in her voice so I know she's scared, but she's doing everything in her power to downplay this. "Get a taste of your own medicine! Just like you thought Adrienne was obvious, so are you. Everyone's misery is your making. Miranda's death is on you !"

you Ava's death glare moves from Adrienne to Marisa. "Miranda? You mean the girl you befriended to get dirt on us? I could see right through you Delterre. Pretending to be dumb, hanging around us to get a bit of information for your friend. Do you think I didn't know?"

"I don't care if you knew," Marisa snaps. "It all the more shows what a twisted bitch you are. You let me do it because it suited you. You wanted us to get dirt on your friends, embarrass them, leave you the unsoiled queen of this school. You manipulated and betrayed them all."

"That's true," Rosie says. "Everything horrid we've ever done, it all came from you somehow. And when we wouldn't agree with you, you'd use Martin as your lap dog and rein us in. Just like you did to break Marisa and David up because you didn't want her in the circle. You were too jealous of her. Both for David and for being smarter than you."

That's news to me, and apparently also to Marisa. Ava snarls at Rosie, bearing her tiny teeth, showing that Rosie hit an actual nerve.

"You also taunted Yuri Ono," Rodney interferes, stepping next to Rosie. "You gave him hope while on the other hand you dared Donna to sleep with him. Then you refused to take him in because he was weird ."

weird "You used us all." David makes his way towards us and stops next to Marisa. "You ruined our group, made it toxic."

Ava looks from one former friend to the next. "You are all so easily manipulated. And I didn't actually do anything. I didn't push Yuri off the bridge, I didn't feed Miranda drugs,. I didn't even push this one out the window." She nods at Adrienne who starts struggling even harder. "They did it themselves."

do

"With a little help from you, Ava," Rodney says. "We're done playing your game." He looks around, taking in the crowd, and spreads his arms out. "Rosie and I are not together. We have never been together. We are just childhood friends who decided we would pretend because we didn't want to date. I fell in love with Audrey Hart."

His voice trembles as he turns to look at her and I get an uncomfortable knot of jealousy in my stomach. Adrienne doesn't care. She snarls and kicks in his direction.

"But when I actually tried to act on it, Ava poisoned Rosie's mind. Claimed we were making a fool of her."

"And I fell for it, like an idiot," Rosie says, her own voice shaking. "I bullied the hell out of Audrey, even if I had nothing against her. I just had it in my head that Ava was right, that I couldn't let people laugh at me behind my back because Rodney went for someone better. And I'm sorry. I'm so sorry! I've done my best to change since then, to stop bullying."

so "Pathetic," Adrienne snarls. "Your stupid apology didn't bring her back to life."

"Obviously," Rodney says, his eyes misty with tears. "We didn't know what we were doing."

"I knew exactly what I was doing," Ava says, her hand still over he cheek. "You are all idiots. People don't change. They just try to bury their guilt under good deeds when it's already much too late."

"That's not true," I find myself saying. "That's only the beginning of change."

Because that's what I've been trying to do ever since the accident. Find meaning in my life. Do the things I refused to when I was an irresponsible idiot. The first step was giving up drugs. The next was finding someone who understood. And even if Adrienne only used me for her own ends, I sort of saw myself in her. Maybe in Audrey. She's been trying so hard to change the unchangeable and she's done it.

Despite her ways and TMI blowing up, she did manage to make Petraka a better place.

"TMI was right," I say. "The world needs the truth. But it needs the truth to come from us, not be exposed through more lies." I take in a deep breath. "I moved here because my family died. I was stoned and drove off a cliff with them. I'm the only survivor. I've been trying to find myself, do better ever since. For them. And for myself."

I expect silence and shocked glances to turn my way. Instead, Rosie takes a few steps towards me. There's no disgust in her eyes, just compassion. Then she turns to the crowd.

"I'm afraid of crowds and afraid of making mistakes. The only way I found how to cope with it was hide behind a bitchy persona. I don't want to be that person anymore. I'm not a bitch. I'm a teenager with mounting insecurities, just like everyone else."

"Yuri Ono committed suicide," David says. "And he blamed us for it. For shunning him out. I still feel guilty about it, because it would have cost us nothing to be nice to him. It cost him everything that we weren't."

"I'm valedictorian," Marisa announces.

"Congratulations," Rosie says, turning to her with pleasant surprise written on her face.

"Stop it, you pathetic losers!" Ava screams.

Other students come forth with their own confessions. Some are deeds they're ashamed of, others hidden fears. I wish I could let go of Adrienne and go to Rosie, take her hand. We're two flawed people who have found each other, and maybe that's something worth not letting go.

But she still struggles and Ava shrieks, and somewhere in the distance there's the sound of sirens. Someone did call 911 when Adrienne tried to cut Ava's face open. Before too long, Mr. and Mrs. Hart burst through the corridor to take their daughter away. Fortunately, they're joined by paramedics rather than police.



Jocelyn Hart looks more disheveled than I've ever seen her. Once the medics take her struggling daughter away, she turns her eyes towards me and Marisa.

"Thanks for texting me, Marisa," she whispers. "I hope we got here in time. I..." She looks around and I can tell she's lost all hope. Her tired eyes step on Ava Park, but she's no longer screaming.

The crowd begins to shift, and she's lost in the sea of students, just another one of them, nothing special. Left with no people to manipulate. Silenced and incapacitated.

My chest aches again and I feel more tired than I have in a very long time.

"I hope they can make her better," Marisa says, her voice just as low.

"Me too, honey. Though I've lost most of my hope months ago." And just like that, Jocelyn Hart walks away.

I'm shocked to realize that without the exuberant presence of Adrienne Hart, Petraka Academy seems a lot smaller.

ðŸ§¿

Marisa

Marisa There are so many things I still don't understand. The moment Audrey turned up in my tree, I thought she was back. She's always been quirky, and I understood her need to leave that abhorring incident behind. Going back to her full name was only natural, as was distancing herself from her previous social circle.

Even her aversion towards Rodney who was, after all, the cause of all her drama, was understandable.

Her revenge idea was genius.

Because just like I hate TMI now for what happened to Miranda, I also hated Rosie and her posse for what they did to her. Of course, at that time, I didn't know just how unjustified it was because no one knew that Rodney and Rosie weren't actually in love.

Put that on top of my disdain for David and that stupid rumor, and I was more than ready for some heads to roll. And, truth be told, I saw some of the old Audrey in Adrienne. Sure, she was meaner and had a dirty mouth she didn't before, but I could get on board.

I thought it would be fun. I thought it would be well deserved.

I was wrong.

It spiraled into a madness that took a girl's life. It transformed me in ways I couldn't have imagined. From a salty teenage girl into a vigilante and finally into someone who couldn't stand the lies in the world.

For the first time, I'm actually considering passing on astrophysics and making a political career for myself. The only thing stopping me is the knowledge that I don't need to. Because David and Connor are going to be my voice.

Right now, as I sit on an uncomfortable hospital chair, I'm not sure what to do with myself. Because I cared for Audrey, in some ways even cared for Adrienne. What tears me apart is that I couldn't save her.

"That wasn't your job, babe." David takes my hand, reading my mind like he always has. It was one of the major things drawing me to him. How intuitive he was. The other was how he could detach himself from everything wrong with this world.

I let him soothe me, even if I haven't truly made up my mind about being with him. I need him right now. And warm body, any person with a semblance of sanity.

"How did things get so out of control?" I ask myself more than him.

"That's what happens when teenagers take justice into their own hands. No offense."



I can't feel offended, not when, on some level, he's right. I did want to play God, and now it's come back to bite me in the ass.

"It will be over soon," he says, and I'm not sure if he's talking about school or Audrey.

Truth be told, I want all of it to be over. I want to go to college and forget everything that's happened in the past few months. I know it doesn't work that way. I need closure, which is why I'm here in the first place.

"Know what you'll say to her?" David asks, once again reading my mind.

I shake my head. "You don't have to be here."

He squeezes my had tighter. "I want to be here, Marisa. I could never get you out of my head, and now that I know the truth, I don't want to make the same mistake again. If you'll have me, I'd like to be around you, spend as much time together. Maybe we'll find something worth it there."

I nod because I can't deny he still makes butterflies erupt in my stomach. And not just because he's drop-dead gorgeous, but because he always knew what he wanted and how to get it. He isn't a bad guy so maybe it's time to cut him some slack.

"Hey," Connor makes his way towards us, holding hands with Rosie. "Any news?"

I'm a little shocked by their public display of affection, but decide now is not the time to ask. "We're waiting for Jocelyn to come out and let us know if we can go in. Any news on Ava?"

Rosie shakes her head. "No. But I don't think she's going to file any charges. And Audrey can't get suspended. She has been pulled out of school months ago."

"Everyone should just ignore Ava," David mumbles. "It would kill her."

Rosie smiles, but it's bitter. "Hold on. Do you seriously think no one filmed all that? TMI may be gone, but that doesn't mean Ava is going to get away with this."

I nod and let it go. I don't really care anymore. The truth is finally out and I'm more than ready to face the consequences.

"Could you guys give us a minute?" Connor asks, looking from David to Rosie.

They both nod, probably having their own stuff to discuss and they leave us alone in front of Audrey's door.

"So," Connor starts, sitting next to me. "This was rather shocking for me."

"I'm so sorry, Connor. It never crossed my mind that you didn't know. I was actually sure Audrey told you about what happened to her."

"Oh, she did tell me. About Audrey. Just forgot to mention they're the same person."

I shake my head. "I don't think they are."

"Anyway..." He hums for a moment. "That explains a lot. Also the fact that she obviously has at least Borderline Personality Disorder."

"I think she slipped into Dissociative," I mumble. It made sense. What better way to shake off the PTSD and leave it all behind? But maybe Adrienne completely swallowed Audrey and there was nothing left of her.

"This sucks," Connor says. "But I'm glad everything is out in the open. Makes me feel less like this was all in vain."

I have to agree. It doesn't feel like we've been wasting our time for the past three months. "We had some good times." And I made a new friend.

"Yeah." He looks towards the door to Audrey's room.

"Um, I wanted to ask. I thought you two..."

"I thought so, too. But then she hooked up with Rodney and wouldn't give me the time of day so I sort of let it go." He chews on his lower lip.

"What about Rosie?"



"Oh, I like her. I like her a lot, actually. But I guess we'll see how it goes."

I nod just as the door to Audrey's room opens and Jocelyn comes out. She looks even more tired if possible.

"Thanks so much for coming. You can see her if you want."

"Is she Audrey, or still Adrienne?" Connor asks.

Jocelyn turns to him, but seems unable to focus. "I guess you kids figured it out. Yes, Audrey has DID and retreated inside of Adrienne to cope with her suicide attempt and the bullying leading to it. We hoped therapy would work. That letting her go to school, even if she was no longer attending, see her old friends... That it would snap her out of it. We... We were wrong." She lets out a deep sigh.

"Wasn't it a little dangerous to let her wonder like that?" I ask, a bit shocked by this sudden revelation. I mean I knew she was no longer attending classes, but I always assumed she slipped away from home under the radar.

"We had her tracked," Jocelyn admits, looking very uncomfortable. "And once she started hanging out with you and Connor, I asked for frequent updates from your mom and Connor's aunt. We always knew where she was. Not so much what she was doing because we didn't want to be that invasive ."

invasive Right. Sure. I told my parents almost everything, so this comes as no surprise. I just left the bit about TMI out, though they probably figured that one out on their own. Apparently, we weren't as covert as we thought. Not that I mind. We needed adult supervision.

"Anyway, you can see her now. Just... Don't be too disappointed."

I don't think we can be. So Connor and I both steel ourselves and enter the hospital room.

Adrienne looks so tiny in the hospital robe, leaning against a giant stack of pillows. My stomach dives into the floor once I notice her hands are cuffed to the bed, probably to stop her from running away.

"What do you two assholes want?" she snarls, the moment Connor closes the door.

"Just to see you, sunshine," Connor says, his voice chipper.

"Don't play cutesy with me." I swear, her eyes could cut through metal with their intensity.

"It's over, Audrey," I say, using her old name on purpose. "TMI has proved its point and achieved its goal."

She tilts her head. "Really now? What about Rosie, Rod and Davey? Where's their punishment? Where's yours?"

"The truth is out," Connor says with a shrug. "The consequences will be what they'll be."

She huffs disgusted, looking away from us. She's so tiny and frail, only skin and bones, so unlike the strong, stubborn girl I've been hanging out with. But that girl is a lie. A facade meant to hide away a huge amount of pain.

"I hope you get better, Audrey," I whisper.

She turns to me, eyes filled with hatred. "When will all you cretins get it? Audrey is dead. Rosie killed her and she's not coming back." Then she turns to look out the window again.

I hope she's wrong. I really hope she is and that with the proper treatment, she'll come around.

"It was nice working with you," Connor says. "Learned a lot about organizing an operation."

This draws a small smile out of her, even if she still looks out the window. "You idiots aren't half bad either."

We take this as our cue to leave. I must admit that I feel lighter now. At least we didn't part on bad terms and she didn't scream at us for betraying her anymore.

Jocelyn is still there, joined by David and Rosie.

"What's going to happen to her?" Connor asks, the moment the door is properly closed.

"I'm going to move with her to a quiet place upstate," Jocelyn answers. "Then with love and proper medication, maybe she will manage to put all this behind her and we'll get to see Audrey again."

I hope she's right. I really want Audrey Hart to rise from the dead. It would be the perfect culmination of all of Adrienne's scheming. But for what it's worth, at least all the people who hurt Audrey are gone.

Some have changed for better and others are paying for what they've done.

Yes, it appears that TMI has won in the end.

ðŸ§¿ðŸ§¿ðŸ§¿

And here we are! This is mostly the end of the story. I hope some things were explained here. There will be one short chapter and an epilogue (which will also be short), but the plot is mostly wrapped up at this point.

And here we are! This is mostly the end of the story. I hope some things were explained here. There will be one short chapter and an epilogue (which will also be short), but the plot is mostly wrapped up at this point. So I hope you enjoyed TMI. All thoughts are more than welcomed. Don't forget to vote and comment for support.





So I hope you enjoyed TMI. All thoughts are more than welcomed. Don't forget to vote and comment for support.





Thirty Seven


Marisa

Marisa As a general rule, life isn't fair.

There's no other reason why Donna Jensen, Lucas Brandt, Lexi Kramer, Martin Hirsh, Antoine Laurent and Ava Park are sitting in the front row at their graduation, waiting for me to deliver my speech.

Of course their parents bailed them out. Or in Donna, Lucas and Lexi's case, caved in and let them finish high school despite the shame.

There are three seats left empty, so obvious to me, though maybe not to everyone else.

Yuri Ono, Audrey Hart and Miranda Washington.

Two are dead and the third... Well, she claims she's dead as well. Maybe Audrey really is.

At least the golden circle has been irreversibly ruptured. Rosie, Rodney and David sit with Connor, away from their former friends. No one wishes to approach the rejects, even acknowledge them. It's driving Ava Park insane, I can see it in the way she grits her teeth. She regrets her outburst, showing her true colors. But now everyone knows, and David's words were taken to heart.

Ignore her. It's the only way to kill her.

Ignore her. It's the only way to kill her. The vast majority of people ignore her and she's now forced to associate with those she has publicly shunned. It's not much of a punishment, but it's all we have.

Maybe she'll go to college and start again. Find a new set of people to manipulate. She'll surely succeed in life and it drives me up the wall. David insists I shouldn't be thinking about it. She'd get her comeuppance eventually.

Karma is a bitch and is always watching.

I try to hold on to that thought as I speak about friendship, succes, perseverance. Honesty and the importance of the truth. As I speak, I can't help but think about TMI and Audrey Hart.

I've debated this a lot, but decided not to mention them in my speech. After all, not many understand the depth of what really happened. Most people oversimplified it.

Audrey Hart was crazy. She had a split personality. She wanted revenge on Rosie Geld for something she didn't do.

This isn't true, not entirely.

Even if I haven't kept in touch with Audrey over the past months, I suspect she's still Adrienne. After all, maybe Rosie really did kill Audrey.

So I don't mention her, don't mention Miranda or Yuri. I keep it light, keep it optimistic.

I am going to Harvard in the fall, after all.

The crowd bursts into polite applause, tolerating me. We're all tolerant now, but the passion that animated everyone during the TMI phase has died down. Everything is muted, less colorful.

This is why I decided to do it. Drive upstate and see Audrey one more time before I set out into my new life. I ask Connor if he wants to come along and he does. Just like in my case, it's also hard for him to let it go.

Let TMI go. Let Audrey go.

"It changed our lives, didn't it?" he says as he drives us both to Audrey's new place.



"Yeah..." The thought has become a form of obsession over the past few weeks. I'm still trying to figure out why it's touched me so much, if I'm overreacting.

"Your speech was great," he offers.

"Thanks. I just... I feel like it should be over, but it refuses to let go."

"I know what you mean." He lets out a heavy sigh. "I've been wondering if we've failed. After all, influence got Antoine and Martin out of jail. Donna returned to school, as did Lexi and Lucas. We didn't actually do anything."

do I ponder on this as the car shoots past forests and meadows. "It seems that way, doesn't it? But at least everyone knows the type of people they are. No one worships them anymore."

"True," Connor concedes. "At least there's that."

"And they can't hurt people anymore." At least not at Petraka. The thought that they'll go off to college for a fresh start makes me want to throw up.

"They'll get theirs in the end. Everyone does."

I desperately need to believe that, but the conversation is getting a bit heavy for my taste, so I decide to veer into happier territory.

"How are you and Rosie?"

"Great, actually. We can relate to each other a lot. We're, um... Going to Princeton together."

"That's great." And I mean it.

Even if I'm not Rosie's greatest fan and don't think she's innocent, Connor does seem to bring out the best in her. Maybe she deserves her redemption and a new chance at life.

I want to believe that people can change and that Rosie was so touched by her mistake that she decided to make amends. Just like Connor. Two fundamentally flawed people who found each other and want to be better.

"How about you and David?" he asks.

Even if I expected the question, I don't know how to answer it. Yes, I gave him a chance and having someone by my side in times like this is a blessing. But somehow, I can't bring myself to trust him again, at least not fully.

"We're okay, but I don't think it will last. I'm going to Harvard and he's going to Yale, so..."

"Hey, if it's meant to be, it will find a way."

Truer words have never been spoken.

We reach the Hart family farm and pull off the main road and onto the path that leads to the house. There are trees lining the dirt road which ends into a massive stone fence and impressive forged iron gates. The place is secluded and looks homey and welcoming.

The gate opens once we reach it and we drive up to the house. Jocelyn is expecting us, so she's out on the porch, a warm smile on her face. She looks better now, her cheeks fuller, her hair in a stylish messy bun. She's wearing jeans and a checkered shirt, looking young and laid back.

"Welcome," she says, greeting us with a smile the moment we step out of the car. "I'm so glad you decided to visit."

"We wanted to see how Audrey is doing before we head off to college," Connor says.



"Of course, of course. Erica was also here a few days ago. I think her visit did Audrey a world of good. I'm sure she'll be excited to see you, too."

Her words send a pang in my stomach. I haven't seen Audrey in so long, I'm afraid I might not recognize her. Connor falters too, the smile on his face extremely tense. It must be even weirder for him since he only knew Adrienne.

We follow Jocelyn around the house and into the garden. It stretches as far as the eye can see and it's mostly a meadow filled with flowers and grass that reaches our hips. A few yards from the house, there's a swing, and I can already tell Audrey is in it.

"Audrey, honey," Jocelyn calls. "Some friends are here to see you."

"Send them over," she calls, and I can't tell who we're dealing with from her tone.

The thought makes my skin crawl, but now that I'm here, I might as well do it, so Connor and I head for the swing.

Audrey has put on a little weight and she looks healthy. There are no more dark rings under her eyes and her gaze has lost the manic quality I was so used to.

"Hey guys," she says, the moment we're close enough for normal conversation. "Long time, no see."

"Hi, Audrey," I say, doing my best to sound pleasant. "How have you been?"

"Good, good," she says, waving me away. "Proper food and rest can work wonders on the body and mind. That and therapy. But my life is boring. I'm recovering. How about you?"

"Well, school is over. So we came to see you before summer break and college."

"Ah, of course. I bet you brainiacs got into Ivy League schools as planned."

I find solace in the mild snark in her tone. I half-expected to find a drugged up vegetable. But she's obviously still a person, and it makes me feel so much better.

"Of course," I answer with a smile.

She glances past me, towards the house, and once she turns her attention back to us, there's an all too familiar focus in her eyes.

"Okay, enough with the pleasantries. What's the status?"

Connor and I share a glance, but we both know what she wants. And honestly, at the moment I feel like we're the old team again, in our glory days of mutual scheming and understanding.

"As you'd imagine," Connor says. "They mostly got away with it, except they're social pariahs now."

Audrey huffs. "Figures."

"But at least the truth is out," I say.

She squints at me. "But that doesn't mean jack squat for you. You wanted more." She turns to Connor next. "You both did."

She has a point, but I'm not about to admit it, and apparently neither is Connor. So we both shrug.

"It is what it is," he says. "And we have to take things as they come."

His answer just invites sarcasm, but Audrey actually accepts it and gives us a smile.

"We live and we learn. And you're right, Marisa. At least the truth is out."



We all fall silent, and I can tell she wants us to go. I don't think we need more small talk so I say the words that need to be said.

"It's good to see you doing better."

"I really am," she says. "Peace and quiet have done the trick. Well, therapy too. But there are things that happen and it's up to us to decide how we handle them. I, for one, want to handle them better."

"That's great to hear, Audrey." The name sounds odd coming off of Connor's lips.

She notices too, because she turns to him with curious eyes. "That's right. We haven't ever been formally introduced. But you'd know all about me by now."

Connor scratches the back of his head, obviously torn for some reason. "True, but it's great to meet you."

She lets out a laugh and it's weird to hear it with no malice or sarcasm involved. "Don't feel weird. Adrienne was me as well. So we do know each other. Nothing changed."

"Yeah, we know that..."

We fall into comfortable silence this time. I'm honestly glad I came. A weight lifts off my shoulders seeing how well she's doing, that I can recognize Audrey again. Sure, there are still pieces of Adrienne there, but it feels like she found her balance.

"You can always call or write," she says. "It gets pretty boring here, so I'd love to hear what you're up to."

"Will do," we both say, then wish her goodbye and hasty recovery and walk away.

By the time we reach the car, I manage to dry my tears. They're tears of joy this time, because I'm really happy for her. We're okay, and if she has Erica back too, her life can only improve.

And even if the worst of the golden circle got away, maybe it's worth it if the price is Audrey's sanity.

ðŸ§¿

Fooling people is so easy. Mostly because they're a bunch of hopeful morons. Marisa and Connor are no different. They only see what they want to see. Just like my stupid parents.

Hope. They have hope. And with hope comes blindness towards the obvious.

It's so easy to pretend to be Audrey, to pretend that I take the meds and listen to the boring as fuck therapist. They don't know that I've been plotting my escape for months.

The information Connor and Marisa bring is the final piece I needed for my plan to take form, for determination to build inside me, so powerful it can break any chain. It seems so possible, I feel like if I follow them now, down the path and around the house, I can join them back to civilization. Start everything all over again.

The golden circle walks unpunished. They escaped, which is not surprising, not when you consider who their parents are.

They are maybe a little upset that TMI exposed them, a little roughed up by their brief clash with authority. In the end, though, they've learned nothing. But I'm about to fix that.

They have no idea what awaits them. Because TMI was only the beginning. The moment I escape this place, they will not have a moment of peace.

I will finish what I started. I will destroy them.

And once I'm done with them, I will move on to my next targets.

My parents, who never accepted me and only tried to smother me and cut my wings.

Marisa and Connor, traitors extraordinaire.

I do not forgive and I do not forget.

Audrey Hart is dead. She was killed by Rosie Geld.

And everyone who denied the truth will pay.

ðŸ§¿

Now this is the final chapter. There will be an epilogue, but it won't continue from here, rather go full circle towards the beginning. I left it open because I personally love these kinds of endings and you can next decide/imagine what happens for yourself .

Now this is the final chapter. There will be an epilogue, but it won't continue from here, rather go full circle towards the beginning. I left it open because I personally love these kinds of endings and you can next decide/imagine what happens for yourself . Maybe Adrienne is still there and powerful or maybe Audrey never resurfaced. Alas, it is a mystery .

Maybe Adrienne is still there and powerful or maybe Audrey never resurfaced. Alas, it is a mystery . I hope you enjoyed the story! It was a real challenge writing it. I believe that if you read it again knowing the twist, you will find an entirely different book ðŸ˜…

I hope you enjoyed the story! It was a real challenge writing it. I believe that if you read it again knowing the twist, you will find an entirely different book ðŸ˜… Thanks for reading and don't forget to leave a vote or a comment with your thoughts .

Thanks for reading and don't forget to leave a vote or a comment with your thoughts .





Epilogue


Happiness makes people weak. Forces them to let their guard down. Why have it up when everything is going your way?

"I think I love you, Audrey Hart."

"I think I love you, Audrey Hart." Audrey laughed and kept her eyes trained on the sky. "You shouldn't be saying things like that, Rodney Wiseman. Someone could hear you."

Audrey laughed and kept her eyes trained on the sky. "You shouldn't be saying things like that, Rodney Wiseman. Someone could hear you." Rod let out a tired sigh. "Sometimes I just want to scream it out into the world."

Rod let out a tired sigh. "Sometimes I just want to scream it out into the world." Because if he did, the consequences wouldn't be on him. Oh no, Rod Wiseman knew how to play hardball. Unfortunately for him, Audrey wasn't that much of a moron.

She shifted uncomfortably, the grass of the football field digging into her thighs. "I'm not sure Rosie should know about this."

She shifted uncomfortably, the grass of the football field digging into her thighs. "I'm not sure Rosie should know about this." "Rosie is not a problem," Rod said, but his tone betrayed his insecurity. "But I get how this is complicated."

"Rosie is not a problem," Rod said, but his tone betrayed his insecurity. "But I get how this is complicated." Audrey raised on one elbow and rested her chin on her hand. "If you're going to start throwing big words around, you might as well start explaining."

Audrey raised on one elbow and rested her chin on her hand. "If you're going to start throwing big words around, you might as well start explaining." Rod sat up and crossed his legs. "I'm not..."

Rod sat up and crossed his legs. "I'm not..." Audrey sat up, too. "Don't say you love me, Rodney. Not when you have a girlfriend. Not when, for some reason, I'm not good enough for your group."

Audrey sat up, too. "Don't say you love me, Rodney. Not when you have a girlfriend. Not when, for some reason, I'm not good enough for your group." Audrey was by no means an idiot. She was just in love, and love makes you unbelievably stupid.

" You are! Much better than most of us."

You are! Much better than most of us." "Then what's going on? Because you're starting to be less cautious and I don't want Rosie to push me down the stairs or something."

"Then what's going on? Because you're starting to be less cautious and I don't want Rosie to push me down the stairs or something." Fair deduction. Just a little off.

" Rosie is not a problem. She actually likes you."

Rosie is not a problem. She actually likes you." Audrey raised an eyebrow. "She likes me."

Audrey raised an eyebrow. "She likes me." "Yeah. She mentioned how you two used to be friends."

"Yeah. She mentioned how you two used to be friends." A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away. The garbage coming out of this guy's mouth was disgusting.

" Yeah, used to. Now I'm one faux pas away from ending up the target of some vicious rumor. A wrong whisper is all it takes..."

Yeah, used to. Now I'm one faux pas away from ending up the target of some vicious rumor. A wrong whisper is all it takes..." Rod winced, probably reminiscing on how Donna Jensen and Miranda Washington forced Nancy Fergus to dance on a table in the middle of the cafeteria, wearing a potato sack for a dress. Only because she dared claim that Rosie and Ava were hiding Martin's affairs. Which was actually true.

Rod winced, probably reminiscing on how Donna Jensen and Miranda Washington forced Nancy Fergus to dance on a table in the middle of the cafeteria, wearing a potato sack for a dress. Only because she dared claim that Rosie and Ava were hiding Martin's affairs. Which was actually true. "I wish there was some way to confirm or dismiss rumors," he said wistfully .

"I wish there was some way to confirm or dismiss rumors," he said wistfully Which is probably the smartest thing to ever come out of Rod Wiseman's mouth.

" Yeah, but there's no ultimate power who can do that," Audrey pointed out. "So we all deal how we can."

Yeah, but there's no ultimate power who can do that," Audrey pointed out. "So we all deal how we can." "Petraka is hell," he mumbled. "All the lies, the expectations, the secrets. I can't wait for it all to be over."

"Petraka is hell," he mumbled. "All the lies, the expectations, the secrets. I can't wait for it all to be over." "We still have almost one full year left, though."

"We still have almost one full year left, though." "Yeah..." Rod teared out a few blades of grass. "It's better to keep this a secret. Until we're free."

"Yeah..." Rod teared out a few blades of grass. "It's better to keep this a secret. Until we're free." "Maybe I'm sick of keeping it a secret. I mean..." She hugged her knees. "Where's this going if we keep hiding? By the time we're free, we might no longer want to be together."

"Maybe I'm sick of keeping it a secret. I mean..." She hugged her knees. "Where's this going if we keep hiding? By the time we're free, we might no longer want to be together." Rod chewed on his lower lip, his forehead scrunched in concentration.

Rod chewed on his lower lip, his forehead scrunched in concentration. A real sight. Watching a spineless moron try to make a decision. But Audrey couldn't see that. She expected a miraculous answer, something that would play into her perfect fantasy. She thought Rod actually loved her, as if he'd be capable of positive feelings.

" You know what?" Rod stood and reached out his hand.

You know what?" Rod stood and reached out his hand. With a smile on her face, Audrey took it and let him pull her up.

With a smile on her face, Audrey took it and let him pull her up. "You're right. I'll make this work because this isn't temporary. It's a big thing. And big things deserve sacrifice."

"You're right. I'll make this work because this isn't temporary. It's a big thing. And big things deserve sacrifice." "You don't say..."

"You don't say..." You're being so dumb, Audrey. There's no way in hell this guy is capable of standing up to Rosie. He can't stand up to anyone.

But she believed him. With a big dumb smile on her face, she followed him to the locker room where, away from prying eyes, they kissed.

It was soft and innocent at first, but they're horny teenagers and they're alone. Rod's hands started wondering and she kissed him too viciously.

Like the idiots they were, they didn't notice that they weren't alone. Because you see, in order to survive somewhere like Petraka, you need to see the worst in people, assume that everyone is out to get you, out to betray you just so they can step on your corpse and climb a little bit higher.

Audrey didn't think back to what happened on the locker room. It was just a make-out session with her secret boyfriend. One of many, even if the first on school grounds.

And, after all, nothing happened. She ignored the voice of reason who screamed at her to dump Rod's sorry ass, mind her own business, sharpen her weapons against others.

She pushed back all the impulses to be more careful, look around, be aware. She ignored everything I whispered in her ear with love, only wishing to protect her from the world.

So, of course she didn't catch the rumors that started flying around school a few days later. That she'd gone into the boys' locker and sucked Rod's dick and everyone else's.

She didn't care. She knew it wasn't true. But what she didn't know, was that none of that mattered. The rumor was stronger than the truth, because people wanted to believe it.

So when Rosie Geld and her posse cornered her, even if blameless, Audrey Hart got the beating of a lifetime. Rosie Geld and her minions didn't care if she'd done it. All she cared about was that everyone else thought she did. And it looked bad.

Left defenseless, bruised and battered, Audrey did the unforgivable. She ignored everything I've been trying to teach her. She gave in to their demands and admitted that which she didn't do.

It was unacceptable.

I've watched her make one mistake after another, hoping she would learn.

This one was just too much.

Audrey was weak. Audrey didn't have what it took, so Audrey had to go. For her own protection, as well as my own, her part was done.

The moment she reached the classroom window, barely conscious, dragging her battered body, I gave her the strength to do what had to be done. End herself and let me take over.

Because she was soft and too good for this miserable world.

She let them win.

I wouldn't.

THE END

THE END So ladies and gentlemen, the story has come full circle.





Final Author Note


Hi everyone. I really hope you enjoyed this story. It was something else entirely for me to write and I think it ended up alright.

I know some things might be very confusing, so I'm going to maybe clear up some things below.

ðŸ§¿ Adurey Hart had some mental health issues. As she grew up, signs of Borderline Personality Disorder started becoming more prominent. Adrienne was at times so loud, Audrey could literally hear her voice.

But, it didn't get too far before the incident with Rosie. Add the feeling of being betrayed by Rod to the bullying and her BPD turned into Dissociative Personality Disorder. So yes, Audrey and Adrienne were two different people.

After the incident, Adrienne became predominant.

The signs of this were always there. I bet you've noticed Adrienne's anxiety, her rapid mood swings, her extreme emotions, her paranoia and the anorexia. She's also very rarely shown sleeping. She's always out and mostly keeping herself company.

We also have hints at this from conversations with other people (Erica, Marisa and Rod). Also, some readers rightfully noticed that Adrienne's last name is never mentioned.

ðŸ§¿ Adrienne was an incredibly unreliable narrator. Nothing she observed can be trusted.

Her parents were not neglectful and her mother was not an alcoholic (when she came to her room with the glass, there really was coke in it), a druggue (the cocaine was actually flour because she was baking) and didn't sleep around to help her husband's career.

Adrienne's rejection of her parents came mostly from their love for Audrey and not her and the fact that they tried therapy and medication to get Audrey back.

Adrienne was also pulled out of Petraka after what happened. She's always shown on the hallways, never in class. She never has homework (unlike Connor and Marisa).

Even if she thinks she's the master of blending in, most people noticed her skulking around and knew who she was. They just stayed away from her because she'd turned very weird and they were afraid. Marisa was the first person to take her serious and the reason Adrienne opened up to her a little.

Notice how her mind always closes and she refuses to listen whenever Audrey is brought up in conversation.

ðŸ§¿ Adrienne hates Rod with a passion and is disgusted by him precisely because Audrey's feelings for him brought about her fall.

Rod is very confused and finally tries to approach the girl he was in love with again. Davey is always on his ass because he doesn't approve of Adrienne and fears she'll only hurt Rod.

ðŸ§¿ About TMI, Ava was actually the only one who figured out Adrienne was behind it and used it to her advantage. That's why she was so sure the revenge wasn't about Yuri Ono.

Audrey and Yuri made the change happen inside those willing to better themselves.

ðŸ§¿ Is Audrey gone for good? Well, that's left for you to decide. But I will admit that large chunks of the day seem to vanish from Adrienne's recountings. Maybe that has to do with someone else taking the reins. But since this is all Adrienne, we will never know.

I hope you find this informative. There are probably a whole lot of other hints sprinkled through, and a second read through may reveal them all.

My goal was to make this book one people would want to read twice. Once to figure out the plot, and a second time to realize everything was completely different from the first time they read. A two books in one deal!

I hope I succeeded and I really hope you enjoyed it.

Feel free to leave any additional thoughts or questions here and I will try to address them all (maybe make a Q&A if needed).

Thanks so much for reading!

Stef ðŸŒ 





Art and Fans


I am so happy to come forth with this part (don't kill me because it's not a an update).

I've had the surprise to receive a very special piece of fan art which I would love to display. So this part is meant to do just that, as well as showcase any other bit of art or anything else that anyone would want to throw at me.

First off, I'm very honored and thankful to anyone who gives my story enough thought to make a piece of art of their own. Which is why I want to share it with everyone.

So, without further ado...

ART



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

This amazing little piece was drawn by @ExpectoPatronum15139. I really love how it stays true to character description and each of them has their own personality showcased through clothes, expression and the phonecase.





PODCAST



As I've mentioned before, an audio version of the story may be found on Spotify as well as any other podcast app.

The reading is done my the amazing TeaceFindlay and the links to every platform can be found in her bio. I recommend because it's really good.

TeaceFindlay FAN FICTION

We have some of these as well ðŸ˜…

If you're curious you can check out AWOL by Xx_insanechild_xX



Xx_insanechild_xX





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Also, we have a new one, namely TGSO by Lilixels

Lilixels

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I'll add to this chapter if more things will come in ðŸ˜Š





New Year's Bonus (Rosie Geld)


Rosie

Rosie Connor Michaels is following me.

Which wouldn't normally bother me. He's been doing it for a while now. Not sure how long though, because he's so good at it, I'm sure it took me way too long to notice.

But now is really not the time. I'm in no mood to act all social and perfect. I just want to get some ice cream and drown in my tears on top of my bed.

I perch my sunglasses higher up my nose and glare in his general direction. I'm not wearing any makeup and half of me hopes he won't recognize me anyway. I know I overdo it.

I move a few inches in line. Yes, he surely doesn't recognize me. I mean, why would the daughter of Senator Geld be staying in line with the peasants? What he doesn't know is that I always do. I hate this. Who I am and the expectations it creates.

My gut clenches and tears fill my eyes again.

I know where this is going. I've known ever since Marisa Delterre pointed out that TMI keeps climbing. I don't care what Ava says. It's coming for us.

And now that they found Yuri Ono's body...

I can't do this.

I leave the line and turn around, but don't head home. I couldn't face the staff, my mother, anyone who reminds me of who I am. So, instead, I rush across the street and head for Arlington Memorial. I can get lost in the crowd there.

I wish I could get lost forever. Be just a normal nobody. Someone who's free. Rodney is right. We are cursed. Both with our positions of power and with weak wills. We are both weak. Pathetic. The change we tried to bring isn't happening and now TMI is coming for us.

We deserve it. Everyone deserves to know what we did to Yuri. We should've told a million years ago, but it happened right after Audrey and I couldn't face it.

Not two people one after another.

Not two people who Ava broke using me. I hate her. I hate her so much, and yet, I can't come out from under her influence. We can't break away.

hate I take the most secluded paths and end up in a clearing. It would normally be filled with families on blankets, but it's the middle of the day, so it's just me. I find a gnarled root and drop on it, hugging my shirt tighter against my body. My jeans will get muddy, but I don't care. Not like I usually wear jeans. Just the highest couture. I wish I could wear jeans and hoodies.

Like Audrey.

She's so frightening, coming into school with that manic look on her face, searching for us, waiting to pounce, to destroy us. And I can't blame her. What scares me is that she seems to have formed and alliance with Marisa Delterre. And Connor.

My eyes take in my surroundings, but I seem to have lost him. What does he want from me? Did Audrey ask him to spy on me? Why would she when she knows I'd do anything for her? I told her so when I visited her in the hospital, when I apologized.

I know it wasn't enough. But she should've told me about Rodney. If I'd only known they were together in the first place, I would've found a way to shut Ava up.

I only ruined her. Ruined Rodney. It took him four weeks to start talking to me again. And all for what?

I sink my face in my hands and let the tears flow. They don't ease my pain even the tiniest bit. And even if I know I deserve this, it still enrages me. Why do I have to feel ?

feel

Sobs escape my lips, but I don't even bother to hold them in. What's the point? I'm finally in a place where I'm no one. Nothing.

"Hey, are you okay?"

His voice makes me jump and I swallow snot that goes down the wrong way. I start coughing, probably looking as pathetic as I feel and I hate him for it.

"What do you want, Michaels?" I try to sound disdainful, but my voice is choked.

He steps out in the open and sits in front of me. There is a pensive look on his face, as if he doesn't know what to make of me. I want to claw his eyes out, but my brain catches up with me. If he wanted to harm me, he would've just taken pictures and walked away.

"I'm a bit surprised, really," he finally says. "You don't look like the devil."

His affirmation draws a bitter laugh out of me. At least he's honest. "The devil takes many forms. But you didn't answer my question."

"I--" He bites his lower lip. It's full and I don't like looking at his mouth. Though he has a nice one. "I'm not sure. Rodney told me something and I guess I just wanted to check for myself."

It was easy to guess what secret was told. "He's right. We're not dating. We never have. We're more like best friends. Brother and sister."

"Then why pretend?"

"Because neither of us wants to date. And our positions in that hellhole of a school makes us targets."

Connor leans back on his hands, leaving his broad chest open. I swear, he's almost as good looking as David. But I shake my head and wipe away my tears. I'm a bit confused how I ended up having a conversation with him. But if Rodney trusted him enough to tell him our secret, I will, too.

But not entirely. "You've been following me for a while."

He shruggs. "Turns out I'm not as good at it as I'd hoped."

"What are you really after? You and Marisa and--" I can't say her name. It still breaks me.

"Adrienne?" he supplies.

"Yeah, her." Her full name makes her even more frightening for some reason and I'm pretty sure it's my lingering guilt.

"We're not really up to anything. Just hanging out. They're fun."

I raise an eyebrow. I'm sure there's more to it, but I don't pry. I can't imagine Adrienne being fun. Audrey used to be. But whoever she has become after her suicide attempt is not. And I can't blame her. Honestly, I don't blame people anymore, just myself.

Adrienne "So what now?" I ask. "Are you going to tell everyone?"

He shruggs again. "I don't really see the point."

His words loosen some of the tension in my muscles. "What about this?" I indicate myself and the mess I am right now.

No makeup, no fancy clothes, no attitude. No pretense.

He smirks and it looks damn hot on him. "Now why would I reveal that?"

"To embarass me."



His mouth twists into a pained frown. "Having feelings is not embarrassing."

"I wasn't having feelings ."

feelings "Don't bullshit me, Rosie. I know what self-hatred and guilt look like."

I blink. "Who?"

"Who do you think?" His snarl turns more bitter.

"I'm sorry. Whatever happened, I'm sorry."

"You don't even know me. What I've done."

"Why are you even telling me?" A place like Petraka doesn't allow for weakness. I don't trust free information, the spilling of secrets.

"I don't know," he whispers. "I think TMI is getting into my head. Rumors, secrets, twisted people." He leans his forearms on his knees. "I'm so sick of it."

"You're afraid what you've done will come out?" I fight the need to move closer and comfort him. Maybe that's his plan after all.

"I'm sure it will," he says to my surprise. "TMI is unforgiving."

"TMI is fair," I point out. Even if it's scaring the crap out of me, I can't deny that. "It keeps us accountable and it has never lied."

Connor raises his face and his grey eyes bore into mine. They're a beautiful color. They work well with his dark hair. I hate myself for thinking it, for finally finding a guy attractive.

I'm reminded of Ava and how she secretly drools over David. I flinch and look away. I don't want to be Ava. Nothing like her.

Why is life so complicated? Why can't I just walk away?

You will. A few more weeks and we'll be graduating. Then Princeton and at least a bit more anonymity than here.

You will. "I don't want to talk about TMI," he says. There's pain in his voice and I wonder why. I'm in no position to ask, but I find myself wanting to be.

"Will you still follow me now that you have your answer?"

He tilts his head the slightest bit. "Why?"

"You're protecting my secrets. I'm grateful."

"Don't queen-bee me, Rosie."

I like how he says my name. It doesn't sound derogatory and that's rare nowadays. I know everyone's had just about enough of me. Of who I pretend to be. I fleetingly wonder what it would be like to walk into school as myself.

I'd be devoured by the lower levels. And I'm a coward because I know I couldn't stand that. I'd jump out the window faster than Audrey.

No longer being queen bee is not an option, but I know what Connor means. He sees through my mask.

"I like talking to you," I say instead. "You're refreshing."

He nods to this. "I surprisingly like talking to you, too. You're a lot different than I imagined."

"You're not."

He smirks again and I swear my heart flutters. "What does that mean?"

"Unlike three quarters of Petraka, you don't wear a mask. You show the real you. I like that."

"Okay."

We spend a few moments in silence. I can tell he wants to go, but I don't want him to. Maybe I'm being dumb, taken by the way he looks, by his voice, by his disarming honesty.

"Can we meet again?" I whisper.

He bites into his lower lip again. "I'm not sure that's such a good idea, Rosie."

"I mean like this. Not in school. Somewhere where we don't need masks."

I think he senses the despair in my voice, because he sighs. "I don't-- I have to think about it, okay? It's a bit more complicated than I like it at the moment."

"Because of me? Of Rodney?"

I know it's not true. I know it's because of Audrey. I know she hasn't forgiven me and that she probably poisoned his mind against me. But it only makes me want to try harder. Prove that I tried to get better after what I did. Maybe prove that I managed it.

I need his approval so desperately. His. A person who wasn't there before, who hasn't thrown me shifty looks, hasn't gossiped behind conrers. Him. Clean of the corruption of Petraka.

"No. Because I need to figure out how to..." He falters and frowns. "I'll think about it and let you know."

"Connor, I'm not a horrible person. I've made mistakes. So many that I sometimes feel like they're burying me alive. But I want to change. I want to do better." My voice comes out so whiny, I'm instantly ashamed of myself.

He stands and walks to me. Before I can make a move, he leans over and cups the back of my head, angling it towards his. He's so close. If I tried to raise a little higher, I could kiss him.

"If you lie to me about this, we're gonna have a problem," he says between his teeth.

My eyes widen and tears pool again. "I'm honest."

"You look honest, but I don't know how good you are at pretending."

look "Why would I pretend to be this ?" Weak, desperate, unattractive.

this He seems to read my mind because he lets me go. "You're nothing like what I imagined."

You're everything I imagined you to be. But I don't say it.

You're everything I imagined you to be. "I'll let you know." And with those words, he walks away.

I hug my knees and watch him leave. Only now I realize what I've done, how much I've said. He really did make me stupid.

But this was it. Either the school would devour me tomorrow, or I would have confirmation that I put my trust in the right person for once.

I really wish I did.

ðŸ§¿

Welcome , welcome! I finally got ideas for bonuses , and what better yet to celebrate the end of the year than with the first one!

Welcome , welcome! I finally got ideas for bonuses , and what better yet to celebrate the end of the year than with the first one! I thought it would be fun to get into the head of the Golden Circle. See what they were really like outside Adrienne's poisonous perception.

I thought it would be fun to get into the head of the Golden Circle. See what they were really like outside Adrienne's poisonous perception. I also felt like after all of the confusion over Connor and Rosie, they needed some screen time.

I also felt like after all of the confusion over Connor and Rosie, they needed some screen time. Hope that you enjoyed this little end of the year treat . Also, please let me know if you'd be interested in more special bonuses from the rest of the Golden Circle.

Hope that you enjoyed this little end of the year treat . Also, please let me know if you'd be interested in more special bonuses from the rest of the Golden Circle.





50k Bonus (Rod Wiseman)


The person before me is not Audrey Hart.

She looks like her, smells like her, even tries to act like her, but as much as I wish it, it's just not.

I glance at her as she fidgets in my front seat, unconsciously playing with a strand of her mahogany hair. The gesture is familiar. Audrey used to do that when she was nervous. But the calculating look on her face...

I hoped. Hoped so much. David was right. This is wrong. Dangerous. Maybe I should just stay away, at least for a while longer.

Her hand moves and lands on my knee. I do my best not to jerk away and only give her a sideways glance. She's smiling, but it looks more like a grimace, as if touching me is making her physically ill. My stomach drops and I just want to get to her house and then leave. Get away from her so I can actually do what David has been asking me to do for months. Think .

Think "I'm sorry I cut it short," Audrey says, her voice a mockery of her old soft tone. "I was enjoying it."

She's lying, but it feels like she's making an effort so I give her a smile and focus on the road. Her house finally comes into view and I pull in front of it. I have to put considerable effort into not sighing with relief. But now that we've stopped, I can't move. Maybe just a few more seconds with her...

She waits as if she expects something from me. I'm shocked that I don't know what that might be, that I don't know her anymore. It hurts so much.

With a discreet roll of her eyes, she opens the door and gets out. Since she lingers next to the car, I know I should follow. I swallow heavily, get down, and walk her to her door.

Once we get there, she turns to me, looking severely annoyed, as if I'm missing something. Normally, I'd try to steal a kiss. As it is, I'm afraid she'd stab me. I take in her hair and how it falls over her forehead, her grey-blue eyes filled with hostility, her body, so much thinner than it used to be...

I can't do this. I'm losing it.

"Maybe I should go," I mumble.

I wish I could look her in the eyes, apologize again, curse the world and abandon myself to her mercy. I maybe would find the strength to do it if it were Audrey. If it were the girl I loved. Not this stranger.

She looks ready to slap me, but instead of turning her back on me and stomping away, she takes my hand and places it on her hip.

"Thanks for a wonderful time," she whispers, leaning in.

I don't know what she's doing. I cant think straight. Leaning in to meet her is second nature to me. Her lips are sweet and familiar and I take my time to get reacquainted with them. For a second, I'm back. We're back. And I'm happy. I feel hope that this could all work out. I love how she moves, how she kisses me back, timidly, like she used to in the beginning of us.

It's been so long, it feels like the first time again.

"Hi there. Hope I'm not interrupting something."

Shit. Shit, shit, shit, fuck !

fuck I jerk away from Audrey and turn to my right. Connor Michaels strides towards us, a lazy smile on his face. It doesn't fool me. There's a storm in his eyes. Judgement. Resent.

Alarm bells start blaring inside my head and it's not about Rosie, but them. Audrey and Connor. Is there something between them? And why does it tear me apart? David was right. I should let go. I shouldn't be here.

"Hey man, what are you doing here?" I ask. The words tumble out of my mouth and I sound so pathetic and guilty. But the fear and jealousy are hard to control.



"Was just out walking," Connor says, stopping next to us.

"But you don't live around here."

"I walk a lot." He turns to Audrey as if he doesn't know her which is bullshit. "Adrienne, right?"

a lot." "Right," she says between her teeth, watching him with something akin to hatred.

Her reaction would have normally pacified me, but given that she usually acts the same way towards me and we just kissed, I'm even more confused. But, even so, she's not the first priority. I need to do some damage control and I need to do it now.

"Connor, can I talk to you?"

He lifts and eyebrow. "Sure, man."

I throw Audrey a glance, but she seems to be doing fine. She's glaring daggers at both of us anyway. "I'll catch you later."

She rolls her eyes again, waves at the two of us and get inside. Once the door closes, I head for the car and nod to Connor that he should follow. He gets in without a peep of protest and I drive away. My hands are shaking and I don't know where to go.

"What do you want to tell me?" he asks. His tone is neutral enough, but he's stiff so I can tell he's pissed.

"What you saw back there..."

"Yeah, about that. How's this fair to Rosie?"

Huh. He's throwing Rosie out there. I squint at him for a moment before returning my gaze to the road. His jaw is locked and he stares ahead. He doesn't give a shit about Rosie. He only wants to distract me. He's trying too hard to pretend that he doesn't care about Audrey.

I drive in silence for a few moments, trying to get my thoughts in order. I like Connor. He's a breath of fresh air after all the wannabes in Petraka. He's smart for one thing, not a self-sufficient douche, and I enjoy his company. Which makes this a lot more difficult than it needs to be.

"Rosie," I say, just because I've been quiet for too long. "Are you planning to tell her?"

He's a little startled by my question and takes his time to answer. "I don't know," he finally says and I appreciate the honesty.

"The thing is, Rosie doesn't mind."

He turns to me, honest surprise on his face. "She doesn't mind that you're cheating?"

"She doesn't mind that I occasionally go out with other girls as long as it doesn't get out. It's our pact and I do the same for her."

He shakes his head. "What kind of fucked up relationship is that?"

"It's called friendship, Connor."

"What?"

Maybe it's my interaction with Audrey, maybe it's my being fed up with everything or the fact that I like him, but I don't see the harm in telling the truth.

"Rosie and I aren't dating. We never were. We're just best friends since we were kids and use each other as shields. I think you've known us long enough to tell the kind of public pressure that is on our shoulders."

He ponders on this and I stay silent for a while, letting the news sink in. He'll figure it out. Realize that, without each other, Rosie and I would both be targets. For popularity, for dares, for vengeance. Everyone would try to get under our skin, take advantage of us. Not now. Not when they think we're together. Not when they fear us. They can't hurt us if they can't charm us. If they can't make us fall in love.

My heart tightens and I wince. I was the idiot who broke the pact, who fell for Audrey. And I hid it from Rosie, from everyone. I didn't trust her, didn't tell her enough. So she did the most awful thing she could do and now we ended up here. Me with my heart broken and her with a guilt that would haunt her all her life.

As awful as it may sound, I sometimes wonder if it wouldn't have been kinder to everyone involve for Audrey to die. Then she would be free and we could all mourn and get our closure.

Instead, she's a vengeful spirit out to haunt us, Rosie is a mess, and I'm an idiot. Why does David always have to be right?

"So..." Connor finally says. "You and Rosie are just a trick to get people off your backs?"

"Exactly. Does it seem that weird?"

"No." He frowns and rubs his jaw. "It actually seems very plausible. But why would you tell me this?"

"Because you asked."

He turns to me, his eyelids half-dropped. "No, seriously Rodney. All you guys are brimming with secrets, so forgive me if I don't buy that."

I knew why I liked him. "I like you. And I trust that you will keep this to yourself."

He looks conflicted and I wish I could read his mind. But he doesn't give me false reassurances or hurry to accept my friendship. He's considering everything I've said, weighing it carefully.

"So where does Adrienne fall into all of this?"

His question has me tightening my grip on the wheel. I can tell by his tone that he didn't like what he saw. A part of me wants to ask why, confront him about his own relationship with her. But I can't. The truth would kill me.

He likes her. And by her, I mean the new her. Not the old Audrey I love, but this new Adrienne which I have so much trouble connecting with.

Maybe I'm the old and he's the new. Maybe she could care about him and he could make her happy.

"Where does she fall in with you?" I ask instead, trying to buy more time.

I don't want to do this. It hurts. Yet, deep inside, I know it's the right thing. I can't face the mess. I couldn't face it if I lost her again. And sometimes, if you truly love someone, you have to let them go. And I would never deny her a chance to get better. A chance to be happy. That's all I want for her after all.

"I don't know," Connor answers, and I can tell he's being honest.

"She's a handful, isn't she?"

"Yeah..." The smile on his face says it all.

I want to hate him, but I don't. I want him to be happy, too. So the only reasonable thing for me to do is to back out. Leave her alone. Let him try.

David is right. She knows where I stand. If she's meant to come back to me, she will. But I shouldn't stalk her, shouldn't try to make her talk to me when she obviously doesn't want to. I can do this. I can be the bigger person.

I have to.

"Anyway," I say, stopping in front of Connor's house. "Even if I'm sure you won't go around telling people for the hell of it, I still ask you to treat the issue with me and Rosie with the highest discretion. We're just a few months away from getting out of this hellhole, and I don't feel like becoming a target now."

He huffs for some reason as he releases his seatbelt.

"What?"

"We're all targets, Rodney. Whether we like it or not." And just like that, he gets out and gives me a two finger salute. "I'll see you around."

"Sure," I answer automatically.

I want to ask, but as I pull onto the road and head home, I realize that I really don't want to know.

The less drama the better.

Maybe that's why my decision to leave Connor and Audrey alone makes me feel lighter than air.

ðŸ§¿

So here we are. Mr. King of Petraka. Isn't he just an adorable insecure child. Maybe Adrienne was right and he's a pathetic idiot.

So here we are. Mr. King of Petraka. Isn't he just an adorable insecure child. Maybe Adrienne was right and he's a pathetic idiot. Adrienne is always right anyway.

Adrienne is always right anyway. Given that this is a 50k bonus, I want to thank everyone who has given my story a chance. I've been having a lot of fun seeing all the theories and the suspicion, and I hope you did, too, while reading the story.

Given that this is a 50k bonus, I want to thank everyone who has given my story a chance. I've been having a lot of fun seeing all the theories and the suspicion, and I hope you did, too, while reading the story. I'm not sure when the next bonus will come out, except for the predictable 100k bonus, but we're a long way from that. Give me reasons to post and I will, lol.

I'm not sure when the next bonus will come out, except for the predictable 100k bonus, but we're a long way from that. Give me reasons to post and I will, lol.





10k Vote Bonus (Davey Postvam)


Rodney Wiseman is a fucking idiot.

I told him time and time again to leave her alone, to stop approaching her, stop trying to initiate conversation. And he agreed with me. Which makes me basically stalking him okay. Sort of.

This time it was sheer luck. I mean, I have my own shit to do, I can't keep every minute of every day occupied with Rodney. But the moment I saw his Ferrari outside one of those tiny, generic cafÃ©s we usually avoid like the plague, I knew something was wrong.

And as I went in, there he was, sharing a corner table with her . I could tell from the stiffness in her shoulders that the smile on her face wasn't genuine. Is Rodney really not seeing it, or is he trying to ignore it?

her When I sat at their table, she glared at me. I mean, of course she did, that's all Audrey ever does these days. I could see the small talk was grating on her nerves. I could see how guilty and annoyed Rodney felt.

But I didn't leave. I got myself an espresso and waited it out. And I wasn't wrong. It took her only minutes to crack and get out of there.

The moment she cleared the entrance, Rodney made to stand, but I grabbed his wrist.

"What?" he spat.

"Sit down, bro."

"No, seriously David, what ? Why can't you just leave me alone?"

what "Because you promised me something. And made me make a promise in return."

I lean in a little closer. The waitress is dangerously close to our table, making gooey eyes at me. I flash her a brief smile and shake my head to indicate that I don't want anything else. Then I turn back to the real issue.

"You noticed the moment she was back that she's not your Audrey anymore," I whisper. I know the words hurt Rodney, but he needs to hear them. "You told me to keep you away from her."

"But it's so hard," he whispers back.

"I know. Which is why I'm here to help."

He raises his eyes to mine and the pain in them sends an uncomfortable jolt in my stomach.

"Sometimes, I think it's her, that she's back. But the next moment, I wonder if she's just pretending. I'm not even sure what she wants. Why she comes. She obviously doesn't enjoy my company."

I cringe and pull back a little. I think I know what she wants. Revenge. But I don't say it because I don't want to believe Audrey doesn't know Rodney still loves her, that she could be so cruel. Though I'm sure she is.

"How am I supposed to stay away from her now? When she's better, when she's back in school?"

"She's not back and you know it." Just wandering the halls, freaking the hell out of everyone.

I'll be honest, if she resembled her old self even a little, I'd go up and talk to her. But she's made it pretty clear she wants nothing to do with us and I can't blame her. So, as it is, I'm going to leave her be. We're a few months from graduating anyway.

"She's still there." Rodney raises mournful eyes to me. "I don't know how you do it."

I wince and pull back. I know what he's talking about even if I wish I didn't. I wish I could be blissfully ignorant.

"This is stupid." The words are out before I can stop them. I've used them so much, they have a will of their own. "Why don't we just break away? What the hell do we need those assholes for?"

Rodney shakes his head, his expression even gloomier. "Breaking appearances comes with a price. You saw what happened after you punched Martin."

That was the most satisfying and engaging moment of my life. Seeing that wanker's tooth fly out has to be in the top ten best memories ever. But how it came to it still makes me sick. As much as I try to not think about it, to bury myself in other girls, I can't get Marisa off my mind. Not even now.



"If Ava gets wind that you want to break off, we're screwed," Rodney says.

I hate that tiny porcelain devil. The way she manipulates Rosie and the other girls, even that sicko, Donna, how she decides who's in and who's out. How she looks at me with that creepy focus as if I should pick up on the fact that she wants me to fuck her.

I picked up on that ages ago. Not going to happen in a million years. I'd rather burn in hell.

"What do you think are the chances to kill her and get away with it?" I mumble.

"Not great. I made my own calculations and they're bleak." He heaves a sigh. "Just a few months left to go and we'll be out of here."

I nod, even if these months feel like forever. Days upon days of pretending I like that sick Martin, that I can't tell Antoine brings drugs to our parties, that I can't see how deep in the closet Lucas tries to stay even as he bashes everyone he's trying to pretend not to be.

But it will all be over soon. I'll get out of here and move away and maybe finally breathe .

breathe Even as I try, the air hitches in my throat. Because I'll be leaving behind more than fake people. It's also the guilt that's gnawing at me from the inside.

"I'm sorry," Rodney says. "I know you're right and I shouldn't see her. I mean, it's fairly obvious that she doesn't want to see me . But she comes. For some reason she comes, and I hope that it's my Audrey coming back. That maybe, she still--"

me "Don't say it." Rodney can't be that stupid. Not even in a private conversation with me.

"Honestly, don't you?"

I look up from my tiny cup and frown. "Don't I what?"

"Still love Marisa. Wish you could have her back."

I feel like recoiling, but force my muscles to be still. "Why do you still bring that up?"

"Because you've changed after what happened. Just like I've changed after Audrey... You know it. And I think we're both worse."

Rodney did change. He didn't use to skulk or be this bitter. He handled the circle like a pro. So did I. But not after Marisa, not after I had hope for happiness and it was taken away.

"I mean you were a bit of a serial dater before her as well, but now..." He shakes his head, obviously judging the hell out of me. "Is there any girl in school you haven't slept with?"

haven't "Yes, loads actually."

He squints and know I know he's now judging me for sleeping with Donna. I let out a long breath. Yeah, maybe not the best way to cope with heartache, but at least it helps me stay away from her. Just like she wants. Like she deserves.

She doesn't need to be involved in this cesspool and I was a moron for trying to get her into it in the first place. An idiot to think there was a chance for happiness.

"You do still love her," Rodney says as if to spite me.

"Drop it."

"I will not drop it."

"If you're thinking this will make me walk out so that you can go chase Audrey some more, you have another thing coming."

"That's none of your business!"

His anger only flares mine up. My temper hasn't been what it used to be lately.

"You made it my business when you told me to keep you away from her."

"You're just doing this because you can't be happy. Because you won't admit that you still love Marisa that you--"

His words get to me. I don't know why. Maybe because I've avoided talking about her as much as possible, avoided seeing her, thinking about her. And Rodney knows this. He's pushing my buttons because he's hurting. And even if I know this, it still works.

"That I what? Bed every girl I see in hope of getting the feel off her skin out of my head? Ignore her and pretend I don't see her because I know she could kill everything inside me with a glance? Accept her hatred as justified?"

Rodney pulls back, the fight sipping out of him. "I'm sorry. I just mean that you could be happy. Unlike me, you could be."

"That's where you're wrong. I can't drag her into this. Into our flimsy balance, Ava's schemes, the depravity, the drugs. She's not made for this, just like we're not."

"About what that. About what you said earlier... I've been thinking." Rodney straightens in his seat, his assertive air back. "We could break away if there were more of us."

could I quirk an eyebrow, his proposal redirecting my fire to better topics. "More of us?"

"Yeah. You, me, Rosie and Marisa. Connor. And I'm thinking Miranda and Lexi."

I shake my head. I like his idea and it would work if half of us broke off, if we added more worthy people. But he's missing a few essential elements.

"Lexi and Miranda wouldn't break off and come with us. Lexi really loves Lucas and Miranda is in love with Martin."

"She is?"

I nod. It's so obvious. "And both Marisa and Connor are wildcards." I know he wants to suggest Audrey, but even he isn't that stupid. "You have to let her come to you , Rod. Because she wants to. Because she's ready. Not because you miss her."

you He clenches his fists on the table, but nods in agreement. "I know. And thanks. It's just so hard to stay away. I don't know how you do it. You're a freaking hero."

I give him a tight lipped smile. I'm no hero. Just an asshole who has no idea how to cope and makes the worst decisions.

"I mean it must be so hard since she's right there. Don't you..." He bites his lower lip and I'm sure whatever will come out next will be incredibly stupid. "Don't you ever wonder if she might still love you?"

Every minute of every day.

But I just give him a pat on the back and signal for the check. Enough heart to heart for one lifetime.

"We both just need to let sleeping dogs lie."

A few months. Just a few months.

ðŸ§¿

I have found reason for celebration! Thank you everyone who has voted on this story and got it to 10k votes. And what better way to celebrate than with the 10k man himself?

I have found reason for celebration! Thank you everyone who has voted on this story and got it to 10k votes. And what better way to celebrate than with the 10k man himself? Welcome to the head of David Postvam. Anyone surprised by what's in there? Also, more circle politics and you finally get to see why Davey has been following Rod around all this time ðŸ˜… isn't friendship grand ?

Welcome to the head of David Postvam. Anyone surprised by what's in there? Also, more circle politics and you finally get to see why Davey has been following Rod around all this time ðŸ˜… isn't friendship grand ? This scene takes place after Adrienne takes the drugs and when she wakes up, Rod asks her out for coffee. And David just shows up to screw with her plans.

This scene takes place after Adrienne takes the drugs and when she wakes up, Rod asks her out for coffee. And David just shows up to screw with her plans. Let me know who's POV you would like for the next bonus ( which will most likely be the 100k).

Let me know who's POV you would like for the next bonus ( which will most likely be the 100k).





100k Bonus (Ava Park)


People are so stupid and easy to manipulate.

Rosie bites her lip as she washes her hands in the second floor bathroom. She thinks I can't see the gesture, her hesitation, the way she calculates the implications of the information.

I make my voice low and soothing. "I know Martin often likes to exaggerate, but I don't think he is this time. Even he wouldn't make something like this up."

he Rosie's hands halt for a second before resuming their motions. She's worried. But she's not hurt, because she and Rodney aren't dating. They never had and thought they could keep it from everyone except David. Oh, how wrong they were. But she doesn't know that I'm aware of her secret, and I like the power that gives me over her.

"Does anyone else know?" Rosie finally asks.

No, not yet. I told Martin to keep it to himself until I decide what to do with the information. And the time for me to decide has come.

"Yes," I whisper, my voice filled with a tremor meant to express regret, the heaviness of the few choices that remain in this case.

"Shit," Rosie mutters and turns to me. She doesn't like this, there's pain in her eyes. "And what exactly got out?"

Oh, how cute, she's trying to do some damage control. I almost feel like laughing, but stop myself. No, there will be no control. Not from Rosie.

"That Audrey sucked Rod's dick. Which I'm pretty sure she did." I scoff. "That and a lot more."

"No, stop." Rosie shuts her eyes tightly, her back resting against the sink. "I don't believe that."

Foolish. So foolish. "It doesn't matter though, Rosie. Everyone now thinks she did it, that he's cheating on you with her. That she's better than you."

Rosie scoffs, but her hands are shaking. "That's ridiculous. No one will believe that."

I ignore her. "Then, in a matter of weeks, people will start muttering that maybe she should be Queen Bee. That her opinion matters. That she's more important than the daughter of Senator Geld. Than the daughter of the next president."

she her Rosie cringes and I know I hit a nerve. The little girl has such an impostor's syndrome, it's embarrassingly easy to bring her down. She doesn't think she belongs here, she doesn't want the fame, the prestige. And yet, she holds on to it. Desperately. It's so entertaining to see her struggle.

"Do you really think so, Ava?" Her voice is so pathetic and I can practically hear her begging me to alleviate her fears.

I will do no such thing. Audrey Hart does not belong in our circle, no matter how much Rodney drools over her. Neither does Marisa Delterre, but I'll get to her later. Right now, it's time for Audrey to pe pushed out of the equation. Permanently.

And what better way to do that than to sick Rosie on her? That should also put a damper in the Rosie-Rodney-David alliance as well.

I let out a tired sigh. "High schoolers are crazy, Rosie. And with our position, they're just hunting for weakness. Once we show it, we're dead. We can't afford this. We need to protect ourselves, and this unfortunately sometimes means breaking others."

"I'm sick of breaking, Ava. And Audrey--"

"Are you okay with this?" I feign surprise. "Doesn't it hurt you that Rodney cheated?"

okay She grits her teeth, obviously annoyed with her slip. "Of course it hurts me. How could Rodney be so stupid?"

Stupid enough to get caught. I know that's what she means. "I'm sure we could think of something to save his reputation."



Rosie turns to me, her eyes wide with surprise. "What do you mean?"

I shrug. "Move the attention from him to her. It wasn't just him. It was all of them."

"What?" Rosie looks gobsmacked, like the idiot she is.

My plan is flawless in its simplicity. "This isn't about her and Rodney. She sucked everyone. Move the focus to what she did. People will look past Rodney."

she "No!" Rosie shakes her head vigorously, her stupid pink highlights flying around. "We're doing no such thing."

The door to the bathroom opens and Donna bursts in, a huge grin on her face. Miranda and Lexi trail behind her, looking a lot more meek. I fight to keep a somber face, but I feel like grinning. From their expressions, I'm sure they heard the rumor.

"Is it true?" Donna demands, the joy in her voice undisguised. "Did Audrey Hart really suck Rod's dick?"

Rosie cringes and it makes Donna cackle with glee.

"That's awful," Lexi whispers. "Are you okay, Rosie?"

"See?" I whisper so that only she can hear me. "They already pity you."

"Of course she's not," Miranda says, her voice shaky. "What kind of question is that? How would you feel if Lucas was getting it on with another girl?"

As if Lucas would do that. They'd be more likely to find him in Audrey's position rather than Rodney's.

"Rosie?" Lexi asks.

"The rumor is fake," she finally answers, though her voice is shaking.

"Nuh-uh. Everyone is talking about it." Donna laughs some more and I can tell it's riling Rosie up. "Martin swears he caught them at it."

"That's not exactly accurate," I say, shaking my head.

They all quiet down and look at me. Because they listen to me, and Rosie notices the shift. I can see the cogs inside her head spinning, as if she's trying to gauge if I already took her place. I did, years ago, but it's so much fun to use her as my puppet. This way, she's the one getting targeted, feeling the pressure.

"What do you mean?" Miranda asks. Her voice is so filled with hope, it's pathetic.

"It wasn't Rodney and Audrey," I say, waving my hand as if it's no big deal. "She just decided it was great to service the entire football team."

Jaws drop all around me. Rosie's tightens and I can tell she doesn't agree with my strategy.

"No way," Donna said, her voice even more cheery. "That's a much better rumor. Who knew that little slut had it in her?"

Donna thinks she's the only slut who has it in her, and she's probably right. But I'm not about to say that so I shrug again.

"Rodney was just in the wrong place at the wrong time, I guess." And now I know that's the rumor that's going to be flying around.

"No way," Miranda says, turning to Rosie. "You can't let her get away with this."

Rosie sighs, and it's obvious that she's realized the same thing. If her clique demands retribution, so will everyone else in Petraka. Whether Rosie wants it or not, Audrey is going down. For daring to hope she'd get into the circle, ruin our balance.

"She won't," Donna says. "I have the best plan. We'll make her admit it and apologize to you. On her knees."

I can feel Rosie wants to protest, but the eager faces around her make her change her mind. She doesn't think it's that much of a punishment, so denying it would make her weak.

"Yes, she needs to own up to it and apologize," she says, crossing her arms over her chest.

She once again exudes the power of the Queen Bee she's supposed to be. The other three silly geese start marveling over her strength, her ability to forgive, to punish, to deliver justice. I encourage her as well, because I know my word means the most to her. That if I agree, it must be right.

And the more we go on praising her, the more she starts to believe that it's a good idea. A great one. Snuff out the rumor, show everyone that you do not cross Rosie Geld and get away with it.

She can't foresee what will happen. That Audrey will deny it, not go quietly. She's not an idiot, and she knows more than she should thanks to stupid Rodney and his big mouth. She is a danger to us.

So I suggest to Miranda and Lexi that she should be coerced to tell the truth in case she refuses, whisper to Donna that it would be really fun to have this on tape, assure Rosie that this will solve everything.

Once they fall upon her, they're like wild animals. Screeching, scratching, hitting and laughing. Rosie is forced to become one of them not to lose face. And after she is broken, I am the friendly one that offers her a way out.

"Just admit it and we'll leave you alone. It's not such a big deal. We're juniors. I don't think there's one person in this bathroom who hasn't done it."

But I know there are. Rosie hasn't, and neither have I, as much as Martin insists.

She breaks. Of course she breaks. And on a whiny, defeated voice, she admits it. It riles Rosie up more than anything and I know it's fueled by the disappointment. She can't tell Audrey doesn't mean it. She feels betrayed that the rumor turned out to be true. And it brings out the worst in her.

We leave Audrey beaten and battered on the bathroom floor, to pick herself up. She's done for. I'm sure that after this, she'll stay well away from Rodney. And even if she doesn't, she's the school slut who sneaks into the lockers and pleases every boy in sight. She's not a problem anymore.

As we make our way to the parking lot, my mind immediately turns to the next problem on my list. Marisa Delterre.

She and David are getting too serious, and the look on his face when he speaks about her makes me sick. He wants her in. He'd do anything for her. He hasn't even slept with her yet, for god's sake, which makes everything even worse.

She needs to disappear and he needs to see that there's no one outside the circle for him. It's us, and only us. Me. The forbidden fruit.

So I will make sure that Marisa Delterre falls. Just like Audrey. Just like Yuri Ono. Just like anyone else who dares approach us.

We are Petraka Royalty, and I am the shadow Queen. No one will question my rule and no one will escape my wrath.






