Introduction


Title: The Mosaic in Her Eyes (Completed)

Copyright by: wowsabs

As published in: https://www.wattpad.com/story/177728674-the-mosaic-in-her-eyes-completed

Synopsis: [New Adult Watty Award Winner 2020, Explicit, 18+] Zachariah Sa'ad doesn't believe in love at first sight. Why would he when he's blind? Then, he meets Sarah and for the first time since his accident, he feels like he can see again. ❀Cover by me (60,000 words)





The Mosaic in Her Eyes (Completed)


Introduction

Chapters THE MOSIAC IN HER EYES

0.0 | Prologue: Once Upon the Eyes

1.1 | Carpe Fuckin' Diem

1.2 | Carpe Fuckin' Diem

2.1 | Tinder Date Gone Wrong

2.2 | Tinder Date Gone Wrong

3.1 | When Riah Met Sarah (Again)

3.2 | When Riah Met Sarah (Again)

4.1 | Thrifting and Throwing Up

4.2 | Thrifting and Throwing Up

4.3 | Thrifting and Throwing Up

5.1 | Be Mine I

5.2 | Be Mine I

6.1 | Be Mine II

6.2 | Be Mine II

7.1 | Study Dates and Movie Nights

7.2 | Study Dates and Movie Nights

8.1 | The Therapist and Her (Normal) Patient

8.2 | The Therapist and Her (Normal) Patient

9.1 | Three Little Words

9.2 | Three Little Words

10. 1 | I'm Prayin' God Don't Let Me Bust Quick

10.2 | I'm Prayin': God Don't Let Me Bust Quick

11.0 | The Park in the Dark

12.1 | The Therapist and Her (Difficult) Patient

12.2 | The Therapist and Her (Difficult) Patient

13.1 | How the Fuck Did This Happen?

13.2 | How the Fuck Did This Happen?

14.1 | The Coming of Eisa

14.2 | The Coming of Eisa

15.1 | Baba's Wise Words

15.2 | Baba's Wise Words

16.0 | Epilogue: They Lived Ever After

Extra: Feedback, Afterword & Sequels

Announcement: Isaiah's Story Posted (To Hold a Butterfly)





THE MOSIAC IN HER EYES


*STORY CHAPTERS HAVE BEEN EXPANDED FROM 16 CHAPTERS TO 33 FOR READABILITY ENHANCEMENT BECAUSE CHAPTERS WERE TOO LONG*

*STORY CHAPTERS HAVE BEEN EXPANDED FROM 16 CHAPTERS TO 33 FOR READABILITY ENHANCEMENT BECAUSE CHAPTERS WERE TOO LONG* S U M M A R Y

S U M M A R Y ♛

Zachariah is a twenty-four-year-old graduate student that's just looking to get through life like any normal person. But being blind makes that exceedingly difficult.

exceedingly Then he meets Sarah, a carefree, headstrong, and vibrant junior in college. She's everything he's not: confident, light-hearted, and considerate. When she illuminates her way into Zach's life, he feels like he can see again, except the only image he can conjure is his own perception of her.

So what happens when you put all your happiness in one person?

═════════════

W A R N I N G S

W A R N I N G S ♛

This story has a lot of explicit languages , angst , self-realization , and explicit sexual content .

explicit languages angst self-realization explicit sexual content Also, please know that this is not a slow burn story and will be pretty fast-paced .

slow burn fast-paced ═════════════





A U T H O R ' S N O T E

A U T H O R ' S N O T E ♛

February 14, 2021: Guess what this single bitch started doing on Valentines day? Editing haha! I'm going to be hard-core editing this story. I'll be adding a prologue and 3 additional chapters (which will bring up this wordcount to hopefully somewhere in the 70k's). Once I'm done editing, I will let y'all know and will post the *newer* more updated version on here. Don't worry, the content won't change, it's just about the journey and how we get there that will have a little more detail

December 4, 2020: Wowowowowowow so this story just won the Wattys for New Adult and I'm ... baffled. I did write this story specifically for the Watty Awards (I revamped it from 20k words to more than 50k) and the fact that my efforts paid off... I can't believe it. I'm so shocked, so humbled and so amazed. There were so many fan-freaking-tastic entries and I'm so proud and happy for everyone. I do want to say that although this is new adult it does contain a lot of romance . Thank you all so much for reading and thank you Wattpad!

won the Wattys for New Adult new adult a lot of romance August 31, 2020: Edits have been made by an editor on Reedsy. I might kick her ass cause I'm still finding typos. There goes a couple of hundred bucks, woo-hoo.

July 29, 2020: This story, formerly known as a short-story called Sarah Smiles , is being re-written for the Wattys.

Sarah Smiles Hi guys and welcome to The Mosaic in Her Eyes . This is my second novel, and I completed the first draft of it in May of 2019. As the Wattys approached, however, and I tried to think of what to submit, I found myself gravitating towards this short story (now novel) and re-working it to add more depth, and changing everything in the past tense since I previously had the story written in third person limited (present).

The Mosaic in Her Eyes This re-write of TMIHE (formerly known as Sarah Smiles ) is sort of my coping mechanism, a writing-type therapy if you will, for my break up earlier this year (Hey, J, if you read this, go fuck yourself). As I was re-reading this book in 2020 (I only meant to make simple edits), I found so compelled to further explore/explain Zachariah and Sarah's relationship and the way it blossoms. Feeling unfulfilled with their story being just 10 chapters (20,000 words), I expanded it to be 17 chapters (60,000 words).

Sarah Smiles This novel is going to be the first in a stand-alone trilogy. The next two novels will be about Isaiah (Zach's best friend) and Eisa (Zach's brother). Each one of them will be standalone novels.

Anyway, I hope you guys give this book a chance. It's a mixture of humor and angst (I feel like a pretty good mixture) and will have some shmexy time. And if you enjoy it, please don't hesitate to vote and comment. I love hearing any and all feedback, regardless of how positive or negative it may be.

Thanks, Sab

xx

═════════════





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





0.0 | Prologue: Once Upon the Eyes


SATURDAY

FEBRUARY 20, 2013

12:13 A.M.

SATURDAY

FEBRUARY 20, 2013

12:13 A.M.

THE PAST

THE PAST ♛





"Turn up the motherfuckin' music," Fuad shouted from the passenger seat of the Jeep. He let out a loud holler, lowering the window as he pumped his fist in the air and slurred his words as he sang along with the Black Eyed Peas.

"Don't stick your head out like that," Isaiah warned his older brother from the backseat. He looked at Zach and beckoned him closer. Zach leaned towards his friend, picking at the frayed thread on his ripped jeans. In a hushed voice that Zach, Isaiah explained what was going on. "Fu-Fu's girlfriend broke up with him so he's a little..."

Zach clicked his tongue and glanced at Fuad sympathetically, shaking his head in dismay. "So did Eisa's. Wait—was Diana even his girlfriend?"

"Are you even considered a girlfriend if all you do is have sex with someone?"

"I mean, they were best friends, so it's more of a friends-with-benefits type of situation, right?" Zach corrected. He looked up and balked in horror as he realized how fast they were going on the narrow road.

The music was booming, and so Zach leaned forward near the center console and yelled, "Eisa, you might wan'na slow down. We're on a one-way and it's dark."

"Don't be a pussy and don't fuckin' tell me how to drive," Eisa sneered at his younger brother. Zach sighed in defeat and sank deeper into his seat.

They were going to another party. It was already late, but Fuad and Eisa were in town from college and had finally agreed to let their young brothers join them this Saturday night. Both sets of parents were oblivious to what the kids were up to. They each thought the other pair of children were sleeping over at the other's house.

As high school juniors, Isaiah and Zach had only wanted to experience one college party. Just one . But with the two older brothers nursing heartaches, they wanted to fill this night with empty gestures and incoherent thoughts.

one one Fuad got wasted quick. He chugged down half a bottle of tequila, took three shots, and was crying on the bathroom floor within the first hour of arriving to their first stop. By the second party, he was singing punk-rock songs about heartbreak, and on occasion, when he faltered in a lyric, he would cry out Aretta's name.

Eisa, on the other hand, didn't get drunk. He couldn't, not with his kidneys. His taste for delinquency and rebellion lingered on drugs. He was partial to weed and had supposedly never dabbled in the hard stuff, but that was a story Zach would not corroborate if asked.

hard Isaiah and Zach had nursed a beer. Correction—Zach nursed a beer, taking the smallest of sips here and there, whereas Isaiah drank as much alcohol as he humanly could before throwing up and swearing off alcohol.

For the night, at least.

The two younger boys had assumed they'd go home after the second party. But that wasn't the case. After ensuring his older brother was not excessively inebriated, Fuad and Eisa duped the other two into going to a bonfire. When Zach asked if they could skip, or if they could detour and drop him and Isaiah back off to Mrs. Rashed's house, he was met with a furious no.

"Fuck dude, you wanted to hang out, so fucking hang out. Besides, we told them we're bringing the fireworks and we're already fuckin' late."

"I have a headache," Zach groaned, turning his head to look at Isaiah. His best friend was tapping at his Motorola, probably messaging his online girlfriends.

"Count some sheep and fall asleep."

Zach punched his arm. "I have a headache, not insomnia."

"Yo, Fuad, can you grab the wheel?" Zach suddenly heard from the front. He looked at Eisa through the rear-view mirror, his older brother's light brown eyes wide with excitement.

"Uh, maybe we should—"

"What did I say Zachy?" Eisa barked, his voice loud and commanding. Zach held back a flinch, looking down at his balled-up fist. "I said to shut the fuck up about my motherfuckin' driving."

shut the fuck up motherfuckin' Zach complied because that's all he could do. Swallow it down and just listen to his older brother. And he leaned his head back, closing his eyes, putting his index fingers in his ears to drown out the noise and reduce the thrumming in his head.

When Zach looked back at this memory, on those very rare occasions that he allowed himself to, he would think about the what ifs .

what ifs What if he and Isaiah had just stayed at home and had that Halo tournament they planned? What if he hadn't closed his eyes? What if he hadn't drowned out the noise? Would he have been able to escape with barely a scrape like the others? If he had seen it coming, would he have been able to protect hey eyes? If he had known, and realized, how truly and utterly reckless his brother was, would he had driven instead? Would the outcome have been different if he had?

But no matter the amount of stipulations that ran through his mind, the scene he recalled remained constant.

It was at this moment—at this single instant in the universe's infinite continuum—a moment that he couldn't even bare witness top—that it happened. One in which Eisa attempted to light up a firecracker outside of his window. Something he'd never done before, not even when he was stationary, and especially not in a moving vehicle.

Unaware of how hot and volatile the combustive stick was, he became distracted. And there was this car that was coming towards them, in its correct lane, but they were in the wrong one and Eisa reacted on adrenaline. Fight or flight. And so he swerved the car, protecting him and Isaiah and somehow, Fuad too. And, because was a decision of Eisa Sa'ad's, the consequences never fell on him. No, it was always Zach that endured it.

It was only Zach that got the brunt of the accident. Whose eyes were still closed, everything happening within a split second. Whose world got turned upside, both literally and figuratively, without even a good understanding of what was going on around him.

He didn't even get to see the world before it all happened. He didn't get to appreciate the sight of the trees and stars and bright fireworks before the pain in his entire body—in his eyes—ignited in him and left him wishing for something. Anything—even blindness—just to make the terrible feeling go away.

If only that hadn't been his wish.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





1.1 | Carpe Fuckin' Diem


ONE

ONE ♛

ZACHARIAH HATED PEAS.

ZACHARIAH HATED PEAS. It started when he was four years old and his older brother, Eisa, shoved six peas up Zachariah's nose while he was napping. The younger brother woke up after the insertion of the sixth pea, took a big sniff, and choked on the peas. The distinct aroma and faint taste of the puny green blobs loomed in his mouth and nose for weeks afterward.

weeks "Isaiah, I know you put those fucking peas on my plate," Zach snapped at his roommate. The dry, tangy scent of the insipid vegetable infiltrated his nostrils. He swallowed down a gag.

His roommate begrudgingly scraped the offending food off the plate. The sound of the utensil dragging its way across the ceramic was high pitched and Zach gnashed his teeth together.

"I wish you would stop doing that," Isaiah grumbled when he was done. "It's fucking creepy. Knowing what I'm doing without seeing." He audibly shivered. "You suck the fun out of dicking around."

"I'll work on my comedic value," Zach replied dryly. "But for the record, it's proven that when deprived of one sense, other senses heighten to compensate. That's why having sex in the dark can amplify the experience since you become more aware of touch and sound. There's also research going into the concept of a sixth sense which—"

"Alright Virgin Boy, that's enough. I get it. You can see through your smell and sound—blah, blah, blah. Now tell me, what's the plan for this Fun Flirty Festive Fuckin' Fri—fuck, it's Tuesday. Damn, that ruined the flow." His roommate's voice came out muffled. It was obvious to Zach what could have caused this.

Don't talk with your mouth full, Zachariah mentally chided.

Don't talk with your mouth full, "Didn't you want to go to a bar?" Isaiah had recently broken up with his girlfriend and was determined to cleanse her out of his system by sleeping around. Zachariah wanted to tell him that that wasn't how sexual cleansing worked. In fact, what Isaiah actually needed to do was the exact opposite. However, Zach's lack of experience disqualified him from being taken seriously, thus his words would fall on deaf ears.

actually exact "Yeah, but I can't just leave you here alone." Zach rolled his eyes behind his sunglasses. That was bullshit. Zach would bet his life's savings that within the next two- or three-hours Isaiah would be out of the house, drenched in cheap cologne, with a pocket full of condoms that he'd grabbed after his last STD checkup. "Besides, if I go, I'd want to go with you."

"Why? So, I can point out all the girls with personalities and flat chests?"

"First off, fuck no. If I wanted to date someone for their personality, I would date my cousin Shiela. Second, we're progressive men. We love a woman's body no matter how flat she is. As a man of class and taste, I like my girls' B-B-W." Zach opened his mouth to speak but Isaiah cut him off. "No, not big, beautiful women, but bright, beautiful women. Thirdly—third off?—chicks dig sensitive guys. And what's more sensitive than being best friends with a disabled dude? I'll have them wet the second they lay eyes on you, which, admittedly, is a compliment to you, my good sir."

Once Isaiah finished his monologue, the apartment fell silent. Then, he and Isaiah burst out in simultaneous laughter. The abrupt noise startled Buster, Zach's guide dog, and the enormous poodle stood alert by his owner's feet. Zach felt a nudge at his knee. He extended his hand out to comfort the dog before patting his body back down to rest on the floor.

"You're a douche, you know that?" Zach informed his roommate after they'd finished laughing. "But honestly, I'd be game to go. I just don't think it would be smart to go with Buster."



"Once again, Virgin Boy, you fail to understand women. Women love dogs. They love dogs and babies. The one time I took Buster out for a walk when you were sick, I got seven numbers. Boned two of them."

love "For someone who claims to respect women, your actions and words reflect poorly on you."

"Hey! They wanted me to. I ask all women I get jiggy with: can I pound you into the next century and potentially ruin you for all other men? The resounding answer is: yes daddy, please."

"Except for Flora," Zach chimed in, snorting at the memory of Isaiah's failed conquest. Zach had liked Flora. A lot. She was the girl before Gina, Isaiah's most recent girlfriend turned ex.

"Shut the fuck up. We don't say the F word in this household." Isaiah let out a demure sigh. "Anyways, you don't need Buster to help you through the night. You have me. I'll be a better guide than Sacagawea. Just bring your cane and wear your sunglasses and just ... look blind."

Zach used his typical method of answering questions. Holding his hand up, he started to count his pointed responses. "One, how am I supposed to look blind if I am blind? Two, I can't even look since I am blind. Three, rest assured, you know I always wear my sunglasses."

look am "Perfect, we're one prop away from bagging bitches."

"I'm pretty sure they wouldn't appreciate you calling them 'bitches,' Mister Progressive."

"Listen feminazi, whose side are you on?"

Zach was about to comment that he was on the side of women since he loved and respected his helicopter mother, but Isaiah changed the subject.

They continued to talk, discussing everything from the new Kingdom Hearts III game to how it was Isaiah who'd rejected Flora, not the other way around. It was a weak, and false, defense to Isaiah's still-bruised pride and blue balls. Everyone in his friend group knew that Flora had stood up Isaiah. This resulted in thirteen unsolicited texts from the dejected Somali about how much he liked her. One of those texts had been a poem that went something like:

roses r red

roses r red violets r blue

violets r blue you da baddest bitch

you da baddest bitch plz let me bone u

plz let me bone u (respekfuly, isliah)

(respekfuly, isliah) Even Isaiah admitted that it wasn't his best work. But it had served its purpose, if that purpose was to get himself blocked by Flora immediately.

As they continued to talk while washing the dishes, Zach thought about going to the bar.

Zach was certain Isaiah had only been joking about taking him out. It was a frequent joke, one his best friend never seemed to tire of. Every night out his friend would ask him, and every weekend Zach would play along as if he truly were to come but never followed through.

Every night out it was Isaiah, and Isaiah alone, that met up with friends at the bar or went to hunt alone. It was Isaiah, and only Isaiah, that left the apartment after chugging two bottles of Gatorade and shouting his goodbyes, leaving Zachariah to watch a movie or work on his thesis.

But for a moment, Zach wondered how bad it would be if he did go to the bar. It could be a worthwhile experience. Plus, he thought he might be the only twenty-four-year-old that had never gone to one before, and that certainly didn't make him feel normal.

bad Well, not the only twenty-four-year-old. He was sure there were plenty of Muslims and Jehovah's Witnesses who could stand in solidarity in their shared inexperience.

only Sure, his fear of being in an unknown, loud, crowded, and disorienting room might be valid, but last night Zach had watched Dead Poet Society , and if he took one thing from that movie, it was that Robin Williams was the greatest and most versatile actor alive.

Dead Poet Society Oh, and carpe diem . The Y-O-L-O of the '90s.

carpe diem "Let's go," Zach announced to his friend a while later. They were sitting in the living room and watching TV. Isiah was already dressed in his outfit for the night and was pre-gaming as they watched Game of Thrones re-runs. Per usual, Buster was taking advantage of the comfortable atmosphere, snuggled against Isaiah. But once the poodle heard the word "go," he trotted to Zach, licking his feet to let his owner know that he was ready.

Game of Thrones "Where?" Isaiah responded, spaced out.

"To the bar. To pick up girls."

Zach obviously couldn't see Isaiah's expression, but he could imagine how shocked his best friend looked based off his gasp. Zach conjured up an image of sixteen-year-old Isaiah covered in acne, his braces-filled mouth unhinged, his eyes wide, his expression baffled, as he stared at his new car for his sixteenth birthday.

"Deadass?" Isaiah choked out.

"Yeah, why not?"

They both knew why, but Zach was tired of letting those reasons rule his life.

Besides, he now had the knowledge of carpe diem on his side. The message from that movie resonated through him in a way Drake's raps hadn't.

carpe diem "Bro, I love you." Isaiah's body slammed against Zach's and his wet lips pressed against his cheeks with exaggerated kisses. "I love you in the most homo way, on God." Buster moved around in glee, enjoying Isaiah's happiness, unlike Zach who gagged and shoved his friend off him.

"What the fuck! Why do you have so much saliva? That's disgusting!"



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

♛





edited 08.31.20 | i sent this into the editor and just got it back today! i'm going through and reading through all the edits before posting each chapter. she has been so sweet and so helpful <3

edited 08.31.20 | i sent this into the editor and just got it back today! i'm going through and reading through all the edits before posting each chapter. she has been so sweet and so helpful <3 if you enjoyed this chapter, please give it a vote and maybe even comment

if you enjoyed this chapter, please give it a vote and maybe even comment with lots of luv,

sabs xx

with lots of luv,

sabs xx





1.2 | Carpe Fuckin' Diem


It took a while to get ready. Isaiah wanted Zach to look perfect, and Zach didn't have the heart to tell his childhood best friend that no matter how good he looked, no girl would do a blind guy.

"I'm just going for the experience," he reiterated as his friend pressed shirt after shirt against his chest. "Just to say that I've done it."

"Yeah, right, experience. The only experience you're going to be getting is the potential experience of getting your dick wet. Now shut up and take off your clothes for me, baby boy."

experience. "Please don't ever say that again."

Zach felt like a dress-up doll. Like Ken. But unlike Ken, he wouldn't be getting with his Barbie. They both knew no matter what Zach wore, it wouldn't result in anything.

What girl would want to fuck a guy that didn't know where the clitoris was, much less a guy that couldn't even look for where it might be? Moreover, what girl would want, or even have the patience, to offer herself up to his experimental finger prodding as he attempted to understand the pleasures hidden in the female form?

No girl. None.

Why did God have to make orgasms so hard for women? Why couldn't it just be easier for them ? Zachariah thought cynically. As if having periods and dealing with pregnancy weren't enough.

Why did God have to make orgasms so hard for women? Why couldn't it just be easier for them As if having periods and dealing with pregnancy weren't enough. He was starting to sound like his mother.

"Are you going to keep your glasses on?" Isaiah asked, spraying way too much cologne in the air.

Zach coughed and nodded. "Of course."

When they were finally ready, Zach made a last-minute decision to ditch his cane. "I don't think that's a good idea, Riah," Isaiah mumbled nervously. He began to prod his blind friend with said cane in a nonverbal plea. Zach ignored it.

Zach knew that Isaiah was remembering what happened the last time he'd left his cane behind. No matter how often Zach told Isaiah it hadn't been his fault, that his own pride and arrogance was what lead to the accident, his friend would not be assuaged.

"Don't worry, I've been practicing with my clicker, and I'm getting really good."

The clicker method was unconventional and somewhat new to him. Using the noise of the clicks as the sound waves would bounce off surfaces, Zach would try to navigate where he was going. It wasn't as easy as he thought it would be when he first researched the method. Zach had rationalized its simplicity based on the fact that dolphins did this every time they communicated.

Clearly, he seemed to be less intelligent than a dolphin. What a self-esteem booster, huh?

Nonetheless, it would do for tonight. He had Isaiah to help guide him for the most part, so the likelihood of using the clicker was slim to none.

"But still, if something happens, Mama Sa'ad would skin me if she knew I let you leave without your cane."

skin me "You'd make a good jacket. You have soft skin."

"Why do you know that? Never mind—don't answer that. Now grab the cane, Blind Boy."

"You can't make me do anything, and neither can my mom," Zach whined, wincing at how petulant he sounded. Isaiah grumbled under his breath before dropping the matter with a heavy sigh and a few more unintelligible mumbles. After last-minute adjustments and a quick goodbye to Buster, who whimpered in abandonment, the boys were off.

The bar district wasn't too far from their apartment. This was by design. Isaiah didn't like parking in Boston so having essentials, like access to women and alcohol, within walking distance was the best choice.

Despite his best efforts, Zachariah felt self-conscious as they walked the five blocks to the bar. It was dark out and he had sunglasses on. He normally didn't leave his apartment at night. On those few occasions he was out past sunset, it was either to walk home after a long study session at the library or to pick up a Snickers bar from the convenience store across the street.

Fuck . He wished he could see the people around him, just to assess their reactions to him. Then again, if he could see, there would be no point in assessing any situation since said situation wouldn't exist.

Fuck could any They probably think I'm crazy , he thought to himself, adjusting his sunglasses to sit more comfortably on the bridge of his nose. So just chill. You don't even care what people think. Well, that's what you tell yourself. Own up to it. Mama ain't raise no bitch .

They probably think I'm crazy So just chill. You don't even care what people think. Well, that's what you tell yourself. Own up to it. Mama ain't raise no bitch But she did. She raised a bitch. A little, little bitch.

They arrived at The Tipsy Boot in less than five minutes, which happened to be exactly 514 steps. Zach was glad that it was a Tuesday night, hoping that it wouldn't be too crowded inside.

Isaiah was practically skipping by the time they got into the bar, his excitement radiating through every pore of his body. The feeling didn't extend to Zach. Still, he was glad Isaiah was happy and stayed close enough for him to feel the way his friend's body moved through the crowd. Based on the volume inside, there weren't many people, and although this didn't eradicate his anxieties, it helped.

More of his stress dissipated once they arrived at the actual bar. The feel of solid wood beneath Zach's touch washed comfort all over him, his heart rate reducing significantly. He couldn't help but clutch at the ends of the table as if that was the only way to keep himself upright. Some of the splintered wood dug into his skin but he didn't mind.

"There are so many hot chicks," Isaiah groaned, predatory and elated. His voice was clear despite the upbeat pop music playing. Zach could feel every vibration as the bass beat on and on. Every reason for why he should not be at a bar flooded his mind, but he abruptly shut down those fears.

he He was here already. There was no point in crying over spilled milk.

"Oh yeah? Anyone you're thinking of targeting?" Zach asked in a light-hearted tone. At least, he hoped it sounded light-hearted.

"Why are you making them sound like my prey? We have to show respect to women if we want women, bro." Isaiah whacked Zach's arm with the back of his hand. If Zach hadn't been so on edge, he would have retaliated by slapping the hypocrisy right out of Isaiah. "But yes. I have found one. A pretty little blond that's playing pool. Really badly, in fact. Maybe she needs some teaching from this Mack Daddy."

Despite the confidence in his voice, Zach sensed hesitation. Although Zach wanted to tell him to stay, that other girls close by would come along and he could hit on them instead, he stopped himself.

Wanting Isaiah nearby wasn't fair. It was too selfish.

And that seemed to be his default state since the accident. Selfish. Thinking of himself and his situation only, angry at the world, and him , for what undeservedly happened to Zach.

him Well, no more.

Carpe diem , he thought ruefully. If he was truly going to enact that philosophy, he had to prove it to himself in solitude and independence.

Carpe diem "Go get her then. I'll be sure to look super blind when you point me out for pity points," Zach encouraged. There was a pause and then Isaiah patted his arm twice in appreciation, and without another word, Zach was alone.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





2.1 | Tinder Date Gone Wrong


TWO

TWO ♛

HOW DO PEOPLE normally behave at a bar?

HOW DO PEOPLE HOW DO PEOPLE normally behave at a bar? That was Zachariah's exact thought the second Isaiah left him for the pretty blonde.

He racked his brain for every bar-scene he'd ever witnessed in a movie. They were limited—before he became blind, he watched a lot of sci-fi and thriller movies, and those genres typically lacked in the bar-scenes department.

With a vague idea in mind, Zach decided he should order a drink and nurse it for a while. Perhaps with a brooding expression.

Zach was good at brooding.

His safest bet for a drink was a beer. As a total lightweight, a few sips wouldn't make him drunk. So when he heard the footsteps of someone across the counter coming closer, he called on them to take his order.

"What do you need?" the lady asked. He almost flinched when he caught a whiff of her perfume. He began coughing and clearing his throat as the excessively fruity scent attacked his senses. It took a few seconds, but soon enough, Zach controlled his breathing and ordered a drink, probably looking like an asthmatic freak in the process.

Just a minor setback. A bump in the road. No big deal , he reassured himself.

Just a minor setback. A bump in the road. No big deal It took less than ten seconds to get the drink. It was cool with droplets of condensation perspiring on the surface of the glass, dripping onto the coaster below. He ran his hand along the length of it, gauging the shape. Now he had to decide how he would hold it. There were two methods he could recall: the first was the neck method, where people would hold the bottle by the neck with their thumb, index, and middle finger. Then there was the other method, the universal method of holding any object, which was to grip the bottle at the center of the base, or the best possible position based on the object's moment of inertia, using their whole hand.

any He chose the neck method. It seemed much more natural, as if he was a seasoned drinker.

It was an odd feeling, sitting here at a bar, taking a sip of this malt drink. Although it was bitter, as if he were drinking liquid bread, he liked how it made him feel. A smile began to form.

So perhaps going out wasn't such a bad idea after all.

Alright, step one done , Zachariah thought as he took another sip of his beer. It took every ounce of willpower to not wince when the drink reached his tastebuds. Now, the brooding expression.

Alright, step one done Now, the brooding expression. That would be easy. He just needed to think about his classes. Graduate school was awful. It could even make SpongeBob unhappy if he enrolled.

Zachariah's expression transformed as he began to recall his schedule for the next week. Tomorrow he had to turn in the introduction and data research sections of his thesis to his advisor, but he'd finished that this past weekend. It would be a good idea to edit it before submitting it at noon. He had an exam Friday which he wasn't too worried about. His mom had set up another doctor's appointment too after his exam. Isaiah wouldn't be able to come with him. What a bother, he hated going to the doctor's alone. He always got lost.

"Do you always wear that inside?" someone said beside him. It was a girl, he could tell from the high pitch in her voice. She also had on this distinct feminine fragrance, and unlike the bartender's, it was subtle and pleasing. It reminded him of a shower--that clean and refreshing after-scent of body wash and shampoo.

Zach turned his head in the direction of the sound, but when he didn't respond right away, the girl repeated herself. "Do you always wear those inside?"



"These?" he responded, touching the rims of his glasses. From her silence, he assumed she'd nodded. He'd gotten this question before, usually from curious classmates, so her inquisition wasn't unexpected.

Self-consciously he touched the rims again and pushed the lenses further up his nose. He wore them everywhere, seldom taking them off, except for showering and sleeping. He'd grown so accustomed to the weight of them on his face that they felt like a part of him. That's why he'd crushed quite a few pairs when he forgot to take them off before falling asleep.

In an attempt to be suave, he cleared his throat and tried his best to plaster a smirk on his face. That's what cool guys did, right? "Yeah, they make me feel cool."

"Oh?" she replied with a giggle. "I thought it was because my presence was too bright for you."

bright Zach, who had taken a sip of his beer since he assumed that would be the best course of action after trying to be cool, choked. He pounded his chest as he tried to cough out the liquid stuck in his trachea.

"Oh, my God, I'm so sorry!" she gasped when he was done, pushing something into his hand. It was a napkin. Zach felt his embarrassment crawl up his neck, burning his ears and cheeks as he accepted the rough piece of cloth and dabbed his mouth.

"No, no, it's okay," Zach rasped, his voice a little strained. Fuck, I should have ordered some water, too . He cleared his throat again. And again. And again until finally, he didn't feel uncomfortable. Wanting to reassure her, he repeated himself. "I'm really okay."

Fuck, I should have ordered some water, too again "Thank God," she sighed with relief. He heard a shift. The scrape of metal against the concrete floor. A rustle of clothes and air being released after the compression of a cushion. She must have taken a seat across from him. "I mean, usually I'm the one being choked on the first date."

Of course, because Zach was Zach and extremely inexperienced, he choked again. This time, on his saliva.

"Lord have mercy, I'm so sorry," she groaned as he coughed again and again. "Bartender, can we get some water please?" After a few seconds, he felt another object being pressed into his hand. This time it was a cup of water. He immediately took a big gulp and sighed in relief when he felt it wash away the discomfort.

"I'm really, really sorry. It was a joke. A horrible joke. I mean, obviously this is our first date but I don't think--or want, really--for you to choke me. I just thought it would be edgy and funny to say but honestly, it's creepy and I can just go because--"

Zachariah smiled and held up his hand. "No, really it's okay." Wait, did she just say this is our first date? Is she a lunatic?

Wait, did she just say this is our first date? Is she a lunatic? "Are you sure?" The inflection of her voice made her sound nervous. He wondered if she was wringing her hand. That's what his mother did when she was nervous.

"Positive," he replied gently. "But I typically don't choke anyone until the fourth date. Hope you're not too disappointed."

too She laughed. It was so pretty, the way the noise jumped through the air and into his ears, drowning out the music that resonated throughout the room. "I'll try and keep my disappointment in check, but you might have to make it up to me."

"How so?" This new-found confidence was like a high. Why did I never do this earlier ?

Why did I never do this earlier "Hm, let me think." There was a pause. He wondered if she was giving one of those stereotypical thinking looks. Like tapping her index finger onto her chin, her lips puckered, her eyes narrowed, her brows furrowed. He wondered if she wore glasses and what color her eyes were. She sounded warm and fun.

thinking He bet her eyes were brown.

"Okay! I got it." She clapped her hands excitedly, the motion pushing against his chest. They must be sitting close together. "Let me wear your sunglasses."

Like a balloon that's floated high, high, high up in the air, as the pressure decreases with the ascension, it reaches this point where, pop , the combusted and broken remnants of elastic descends back down.

pop There was no way he could take off his sunglasses. Not because they were molded into his skin, irremovable, a piece of him. Not because they shielded his dark world from theirs, the one filled the sight and light. No.

Zachariah couldn't take off his glasses because he didn't want to have to witness the cringe--the disgust--that shivered through another person when they saw his eyes. No, he would not subject himself to experiencing that again.

"Or not," the girl blurted out when he became too quiet, too still. "Maybe that's also a fourth date kind of thing."

She laughed, but it didn't sound right. It didn't sound like the one that rang before, the one that forced a smile on Zach's face.

"Yeah, we can do that on the fourth date."

There's a pause of silence. Zachariah didn't know what to do so he grabbed his beer and took a careful sip. If he choked one more time, he'd die of utter humiliation.

"You know, you're so much more handsome in person. I mean, you looked r-e-a-l-l-y good on your profile, but even better in real life. And you weren't kidding when you said you were tall."

r-e-a-l-l-y Zach's eyebrows furrowed. Profile? He didn't have a profile. Did Isaiah make a profile for him as a prank? That was an Isaiah thing to do.

And that's when he realized.

"Uh, wait, are you here for like, a Tinder date?" he asked.

"Yeah. Aren't you Henry? Oh...oh no, you're not Henry. Oh no, oh God." When Zachariah shook his head, she gasped and then groaned, and he heard the sound of something hard hitting the table. Her next words were muffled. "This literally could not get any more embarrassing."

not "It's an honest mistake." But Zach wouldn't know if that's true. He didn't know Henry, nor could he have even attested that they might look alike. Still, he was flattered she found him attractive.

More attractive than Henry , he thought with glee.

More attractive than Henry

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. ♛





edited 08.31.20 | chapter 2 edited :)

edited 08.31.20 | chapter 2 edited :) if you enjoyed, please feel free to vote and tell me what you think <3

if you enjoyed, please feel free to vote and tell me what you think <3





2.2 | Tinder Date Gone Wrong


Zachariah didn't know how to face, so he turned his body forward, towards the bar, and simply turned his head in her direction. He could feel from the way her words gently breathed on his clavicle that he should crane his head down as if meeting her eyes.

Finally, she sighed and spoke. "Would you believe me if I said I prefer talking to you than to him? I tried cracking a joke with him, and it went right over his head."

"Oh yeah? What was the joke?"

"It was a play on my name, which is Sarah, by the way. I just realized I didn't tell you that. Wait, what's your name?"

"Zach. Zachariah, but most everyone calls me Zach."

"Zachariah? Wow, that sounds so unique. I've heard of Zachary's but never Zachariah's."

Another common statement he got. "Yeah, I'm Middle Eastern. You pronounce it like Zah-ka-ree-yah ."

Zah-ka-ree-yah She whistled. "Wow, no wonder you're so ruggedly handsome."

God, he wanted to see her so badly. To see how her nose was shaped, and how her mouth moved to form each word. He wanted to gaze at every strand of hair, see how it fell around her head, or if it wisped over her face.

"That's nothing compared to how radiant you are." And that was true--it wasn't a lie. Sure, Zachariah couldn't see, but he could feel the warmth and brightness she emanated.

feel A dulcet giggle sprinkled the air softly, nearly buried under the sound of the music. "Well, that's so ... God, that's actually the sweetest thing any guy has ever said. Wow, I just --. Anyways, back to, uh...yeah, back to what I was saying. So I messaged Henry, the guy that seems to have stood me up, and said, 'Would rather be Sarah- naded by me or a string quartet?' 'Cause, y'know, I'm Sarah."

Sarah- Zach couldn't help but whistle. "Damn, that's an impressive pun and pick-up line."

and "Right? Thank you! It went right over his head. He just replied: 'L-O-L. Do you wanna go on a date.'"

"Not even an acknowledgment."

"Nope."

"Should've blocked him."

"Should've, would've, could've," she sighed wistfully. Zach smiled and turned his head forward to take another sip of beer. "But y'know, if I had, I wouldn't have met you."

Suddenly Zach was hot. Beads of sweat were trickling down his forehead, traveling to his chin and then dripping onto his lap. The room felt stuffy, either because of the bodies that were busy moving and talking or because of this girl that burned brighter than the sun.

"So, you're Arabic?" she shouted, attempting to be heard over the music that had somehow gotten louder. He wanted to tell her that she didn't have to scream for him to hear her. He had good ears, an after-effect of losing one of his senses.

"Arab," he corrected. She made a sound as if to apologize, but he rushed through his next words to reassure her. "Arabic is the language. Arabs are the people who natively speak Arabic. But yeah, ethnically I am. My parents are both from the Middle East. I actually lived there for a couple of years before we came back to the States."

"That's so cool," she said, impressed. He wondered if she was smiling, or if she looked as beautiful as she sounded "Are you from here? Massachusetts? Like, your family."

"No, I'm actually from Texas. Dallas, specifically." He paused and then pretended to lasso in the air. "The state of guns, bacon, and yee-haws."

She laughed and this time, Zach had to hold his breath to fully indulge in the melody of it. He was dazed, and it took a moment, but he realized that she'd just said something.



"Sorry, could you repeat that? I didn't hear you."

Sarah giggled this time. "I said: 'What? No way! That's so far. What made you want to come up here?' But with even more enthusiasm."

more She was closer than she was before. She lowered her voice a little, and he could feel her body heat as if she was pressed against him. He fought back a shiver. Now, he fully turned his body to face her. Their knees touched, his covered and her's bare.

"I wanted to escape the bipolar weather, mostly. But I also go to school here."

"MIT?" He nodded and she hissed. "That's impressive. Not only are you hot, tall, funny, and nice, but you're smart . Jesus, God was looking out for me when I swiped right on Henry, huh?"

smart Was it possible to have an ego the size of a room when said ego had never existed before? Never, in his whole existence, not even when he had his sight, had Zachariah felt this much elation.

this much "They call me the package deal."

"Is this package deal single?"

Zachariah didn't trust himself to speak, so he just nodded.

"Good. I would have hated to be a home-wrecker." Then, she placed her hand on his knee. Last time, he'd lost his breath. This time, it was stolen by her and the warmth of her touch.

"What about you?" Zachariah asked, his voice breaking. "Do you go to school here?"

"Yeah, but I actually live at home. Asian parents, y'know."

Bingo . She was Asian. What type of Asian? South East? Chinese? Japanese? Korean? Mongolian? He could ask, couldn't he? There were too many countries in Asia to just assume.

Bingo "Where are your parents from?"

"Malaysia. Well, kind of. My dad is a halfsie. So I'm actually a quarter white." Her hand was then removed from his body and he sensed motion. "Still, we fight the power."

Zach chuckled. "Which school do you go to? BU?"

He felt her shake. He couldn't decipher if it was her legs because of a nervous habit, or her head. If it was her head, was she nodding? He didn't have to wait long before she finally spoke. "I actually go to Harvard."

Zach snorted. "Wow, and you think it's impressive that I go to MIT while you go to the number one university in the world ?" It was his turn to shake his head. "You're humble."

world "Trust me, once you get to know me, you'll realize I'm anything but humble. I just don't like bringing it up often. I probably just got in because my dad is on the Admissions Board."

but Sarah was still laughing, and Zach never wanted her to stop. He wanted to take his phone out and record it and listen to it over and over again.

But that was some weird-ass Ted Bundy shit.

"I don't believe that."

"Well believe it, 'cause I'm pretty sure it's true. I mean, I'm failing my English class. Like, how do you fail English?"

Zach put his hands up. "Don't ask me. I'm a numbers kind of guy."

"Oh yeah? What do you study?"

"Applied mathematics."

"Oh God, I'm talking to an actual genius, aren't I?"

actual Zach waved his hands in denial. "Oh, no. I definitely am not a genius. I can barely turn on a microwave without someone's help." He failed to mention that it was because not many microwaves had braille on them.



"Yeah well, I'm a Liberal Arts major that's in her third year and I still don't know what I'm doing with my life. I should probably dry art. Or stripping."

And it was funny how it happened right after she said that. How he found himself thinking, with his heart clambering in his chest like the flutter of a hummingbird's wings, that if there were a singular moment in time that he could make infinite, it would be this.

The next thing he knew, Zach had developed his crush on Sarah, the Harvard Student that Wanted to be a Stripper.

And maybe it wasn't just what she had just said that dawned this realization. Perhaps it was a culmination of things. Perhaps it's the way she leaned so close to him that her hair brushed against his shirt, her hand once again resting on his thigh. Or maybe it was the jingle of laughter that seemed to frequently erupt from her lips. Or maybe it was ease and comfort she put into a conversation, making it effortless and fun and addictive.

Regardless of what had caused it, the effect was there, stamped into him. He was the cattle, and she was his rancher and somehow, without his knowledge, she'd seared her branding into his skin.

For the rest of the night, they talked, flirted, laughed. He learned so much about her. She had an affinity for falling when she ice skated. She liked the feeling of the cool ice, neither completely solid nor utterly wet, against her body. She enjoyed swimming but had almost drowned seven times, mostly because she was bad at it. She never drank too much alcohol, or any really, since her senior year of high school when she got so drunk that she ended up in another state. She slept in the cold--below freezing cold--so cold that Eskimos would complain. She had a younger brother and as such, knew way too much about VeggieTales. She preferred Sesame Street to The Muppets , and she liked her toast extra burnt. She'd read and annotated Harry Potter so many times that she was able to recite passages--nay, pages from it.

Sesame Street The Muppets extra pages And, the real kicker: she could quote Spongebob flawlessly as if it was her mother-tongue.

As they spoke, Zach felt a transformation. He was no longer Zachariah Sa'ad, the blind guy that was good at math and had a cute dog. No, he felt like a person , a normal person. He was nameless and unlabeled.

person He was ... free .

free And this feeling gave him a rush, one that morphine had never even come close to giving him. It was a mixture of adrenaline and dopamine that rushed through his veins and tingled at his fingertips.

When Isaiah finally came towards him at the end of the night, Zach was immediately kicked off of his cloud nine. In those moments when he'd been talking to Sarah, his mind had conveniently forgot the fact that she didn't know he was blind. Maybe she did and was just not saying anything about it, but that wasn't likely. It wasn't until Isaiah put his hand on Zach's shoulder that reality crashed into him like a freight train.

"Are you ready to go?" Isaiah asked. His hand crept down to Zach's elbow. Zach shook it off and wondered if Sarah noticed this.

Zach tilted his head in Isaiah's direction. "Uh, sure, just give me one moment." He turned back to Sarah. "I have to go but, uh ..."

The words he wanted to ask caught in his throat. He wished Isaiah hadn't come for him yet, or that he'd had the time to ask Sarah for her number.

Or that he wasn't blind and he could see her face and speak those words with the confidence she thought he had.

"Do you want my number?" she offered when she realized he was flustered speechless. She could read his mind--she'd been doing it all night.

Still, he regarded her in awe and nodded. He explained that he didn't have his phone on him, and he wanted to slap himself for forgetting something so crucial to everyday life. That didn't stop her. She grabbed his wrist and marked down numbers quickly with a pen. The tip dug deeply into his skin, almost painful, but he didn't mind. He was submerged into the sensation of her soft hand against his skin.

When they left the bar, Isaiah was congratulating him on his game . For the second time that night, Zachariah lets his friend's compliment penetrate his protective barrier.

game He, Zachariah, a blind man, someone considered disabled, got a chick. A hot chick, from the way Isaiah described her.

He, Zachariah, a nerd, albeit an attractive one with his sunglasses on, managed to have a two-hour-long conversation with a girl without so much as a mention to his blindness.

Maybe she didn't know. Maybe she didn't care. Either way, Zachariah wore her number like a badge of honor. That was, until he got home, forgot to jot it down, and took a shower.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





3.1 | When Riah Met Sarah (Again)


THREE

THREE ♛

"YOU'RE BLIND."

"YOU'RE BLIND." Zach's head whipped in the direction of those words, instantly aware of who had approached him. He could identify her anywhere, her voice sultry in its distinction, her scent faint but compelling.

Sarah. The girl from the bar. The one he thought about at least five times a day. First when he woke up from a dream about her. The next when he took a shower, cynical as he felt those same droplets of water that erased her number. Two more around midday and late afternoon, thinking of what it might be like to have a meal with her. The last at night, hoping to relive those moments of infinity when he fell asleep.

Sarah. The one he never called or texted.

In his defense, which was weak, he'd scrubbed off the number before Isaiah could read it out for him. He'd been so desperate to get the stench of the bar off his skin that he'd just hopped into the shower. Zach had been careful to fold his shirt onto his bed however, her scent faint but present on the cotton of it.

When Zach had gone into Isaiah's room, phone in hand, ready to have the numbers recited to him, he was met with, "Bro, it's not there. Your dumbass must have scrubbed it off."

Zach wanted to scrub his face off.

He hadn't lost hope at that point. When she had been writing her number, he'd been reciting each one as she traced it onto him. He thought he'd had it memorized, but the sequence of numbers he recalled was not the same as the one she'd pressed into his skin.

When he'd first realized that he'd lost touch with her, he was livid with himself. As a form of punishment, he refused to eat and only gave treats to Buster, throwing his uneaten Snickers bars in the trash. Then, as the days went by, he realized that perhaps it was a blessing. Perhaps this was meant to be only a one-time occurrence, a taste of the sweet.

The cynical side of Zach didn't like that. Fuck the sweet. Once you've had a taste, you know exactly what bitter tastes like. It tastes a lot like Zach's desperate aching.

exactly It just so happened that today, the day Sarah decided to approach him with her astute observation, was the day he had finally reconciled the turbulent feelings inside of him and come to terms with reality. It was a good thing that he didn't have her number. Besides, if he had, what was he supposed to say?

"Hi Sarah! It's me. The guy from the bar. The one you think is super-hot and a big catch. The freak wearing sunglasses. I know we had a lovely talk, and you smell so great and I was wondering if you would like to go on a date sometime.

"Hi Sarah! It's me. The guy from the bar. The one you think is super-hot and a big catch. The freak wearing sunglasses. I know we had a lovely talk, and you smell so great and I was wondering if you would like to go on a date sometime. "P.S. I'm blind! Please still like me."

"P.S. I'm blind! Please still like me." Honestly, he didn't know what type of game the divine universe was playing, but it wasn't funny. He felt fucking bipolar.

"Uh," was Zach's intelligent response after a stretch of silence. He couldn't even formulate coherent words in his head, much less communicate them in coherent sentences.

"You're blind and that's why you were wearing sunglasses."

He heard her shuffle closer to him, her voice clearer than it was before. She took a seat on the bench with him. Buster stays still but makes a small noise to Zach, indicating that the person before them has an unfamiliar scent and is therefore a stranger. Zach admonishes him, clicking his tongue, to let him know that he isn't supposed to do that, that it's not kind.

"Why didn't you tell me?" she asked. She was so close that as she spoke, her words lilting, he could feel the wash of her breath against his face. "Were you scared to tell me?"



"I forgot," Zach mumbled, ashamed because yes, it had crossed his mind that night to mention his condition but in fear of her reaction, he hadn't.

"You forgot?" Her tone was suspicious, dripping with disbelief. "How do you forget you're blind? It's the constant state of seeing nothing."

He didn't know if it would be appropriate to reply with a pickup line like, "You made me forget," or, "When I'm with you I feel like I can see again." After a quick internal debate, he chose against it.

He fumbled his way through an excuse, one that was close enough to the truth but far enough for the pathetic reality of his self-worth. "People usually know I'm blind so I never have to, like, outright tell them. Plus, I'm used to seeing that void of nothing, so I hadn't thought much about it."

used She shifted in her seat. Her thigh brushed against his, and he wanted to get up and run away for just a moment. He needed to collect his scattered thoughts. She was overwhelming him, consuming all his other senses, drowning out everything and everyone else around him.

This is pathetic. If Isaiah knew how I feel, he'd beat me up for acting like a simp .

This is pathetic. If Isaiah knew how I feel, he'd beat me up for acting like a simp "Hm," was her only reply.

Hm? What the fuck does 'hm' mean? Hm, I'm hungry? Hm, whatcha' say? Hm, fuck you?

Hm? What the fuck does 'hm' mean? Hm, I'm hungry? Hm, whatcha' say? Hm, fuck you? He didn't know exactly how he got the next words out. They tumbled from him without pretense, as if desperate for release. "Would it have made a difference if you knew I was blind?"

"Yeah."

And before she could continue, Zachariah was fumbling to get away. Away from this bench, away from this park, away from this fucking world. He was a blind guy, that's it. No number of accolades would change who he was, not to himself or to others. Thinking he had a chance with her was naive and unrealistic and he couldn't believe he'd let himself have hope, even if it had only been for a few days. This wasn't a movie. There was no happy ending for someone like him.

believe With ice running through his veins, and his stomach dropped to his feet, Zach began to slide his hand across the table to try and grab whatever of his belongings his wingspan could reach. But she was quick to stop him, placing her hand on his arm. "Chill. I was just gonna say that yes, it would have made a difference because that night, I really thought you weren't real. I thought, there's no fucking way someone could be that perfect. It would have done wonders for my confidence if I'd known."

that He was mesmerized by her boldness. By her brash declaration. He shouldn't have been surprised though. That's who she was. It was what enthralled him, compelled him towards her like she was an incandescent star and he was her moon, existing only to rotate along her axis.

I'm turning into Lord Byron with my poetry bullshit , he thought with a smile creeping onto his face. He couldn't fight it back if he wanted to.

I'm turning into Lord Byron with my poetry bullshit "I'm far from perfect," he breathed out, electrified by her words.

With her hand still on his arm, he wondered at the validity of love at first sight. The Romeo and Juliet effect. The Jack and Rose story. This moment of pure, unadulterated affinity for another human being that transcended physical reality and went into this intangible state of just being without knowing why.

being Ironic he could think about such a thing when he had never seen her. He'd just sensed her and the comfort and familiarity that wrapped around his heart when she lingered near him. It baffled him that someone he'd barely met had this type of hold, this type of power, over him.

He'd never make fun of his mother's trashy romance novels again .

again "I mean, not far, but a good stone throw away." Then her hand was gone, and he had the urge to grab it and place it on his arm again.

"But I wish you would have told me. I felt so dumb for not knowing. And I know that I don't know how to deal with someone being blind. I mean, fuck, I've actually never met a blind person before. You're the first, and you barely act blind. Not that blind people need to act a certain way. I'm rambling, aren't I?" She paused and clicked her cheeks.

barely "All I'm trying to say is that it doesn't matter that you're blind. It doesn't matter one bit because I find you extremely attractive, and smart, and funny and if I were to apply to MIT, I'd get a degree in MRS."

"What's MRS?" Zach asked.

"MRS, like missus and mister. It's a joke about how some girls only go to college to find a husband."

"So you're saying you want to get married?" Well slap his bottom and call over any ordained minister, he was ready to walk down the aisle.

"How--God, how do you make me say such stupid stuff." She let out a puff of air. Zach could smell garlic with a hint of mint as if she'd just had lunch and chewed gum afterward.

"I find it funny."

"Funny ha-ha or funny 'oh, my God get me the fuck out of here?'"

"Get me the fuck out of here." She nudged his shoulder teasingly with her own, then stayed leaning slightly into him.

"Want me to tell you a ha-ha joke?" Zachariah suggested.

"Shoot."

"A blind guy walked into a bar. And a table. And a car. And a staircase." Sarah didn't say anything, and Zach wondered if he'd joke about his blindness too soon. He'd just thought it would be appropriate, funny really, considering their situation.

Then, she started to laugh. He hadn't known, but before he'd heard her laugh in this moment, there had been this imaginary pressure on him. One that left him in a state of constant discomfort. A discomfort that had been latched onto him since the accident, as if the weight of the car had never actually been lifted off him as if he was still lying on that dark pavement, the screams and shouts all around him fading, as the pressure grew bigger and bigger and bigger until he could no longer breathe.

But here she was, lifting that pressure that seemed to be a permanent fixture in his life, so permanent it was barely registered, with a simple laugh. A laugh he thought he remembered perfectly but didn't hold a candle to it in actuality.

"Forget what I said before," she said between giggles. "You're perfect, whether you're blind or not."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. ♛





edited 08.31.20

edited 08.31.20 if you enjoyed, please show your support by commenting and voting. it honestly means the world.



if you enjoyed, please show your support by commenting and voting. it honestly means the world.

thanks for reading xx

thanks for reading xx





3.2 | When Riah Met Sarah (Again)


And suddenly, Zach remembered what his mother told him when he first became blind. When he was lying on that hospital bed, feigning rest, tired from the tears that were incapable of leaving his body but constantly burning his soul.

"Zachy, it's mama. I know you're sad. I know you're so sad and mad at the world and that's okay, habibi. It's okay to hate the world and to hate everything but don't hate yourself. If you hate yourself then you hate mama, and I raised you, so you're not allowed to hate me.

"Zachy, it's mama. I know you're sad. I know you're so sad and mad at the world and that's okay, habibi. It's okay to hate the world and to hate everything but don't hate yourself. If you hate yourself then you hate mama, and I raised you, so you're not allowed to hate me. "You're my flesh, and if you think I'm perfect, then you're perfect. Even if you have no sight, you're perfect. Being blind doesn't matter when you have everything else. You're handsome, you're kind, you're funny, you're tall. Do you know how much girls love tall men? Why do you think I married your baba? He's ugly but tall. And rich. I do love the gold he bought me.

"You're my flesh, and if you think I'm perfect, then you're perfect. Even if you have no sight, you're perfect. Being blind doesn't matter when you have everything else. You're handsome, you're kind, you're funny, you're tall. Do you know how much girls love tall men? Why do you think I married your baba? He's ugly but tall. And rich. I do love the gold he bought me. "Anyways habibi, mama has to go. Baba will be coming soon with Eisa. Be nice to him okay? He didn't mean it. He's being punished enough by watching you."

"Anyways habibi, mama has to go. Baba will be coming soon with Eisa. Be nice to him okay? He didn't mean it. He's being punished enough by watching you." It wasn't that he didn't value his mother. Zachariah did. He loved his mother. He was the youngest of the two sons and a complete mama's boy. But he couldn't believe her words. She was his mother. Of course, she saw him as perfect, flawless. She saw Eisa as perfect and amazing, and that fuckwad could make Lucifer run screaming the other way.

Well, not really, but Zach hated him.

At first, he'd tried to believe his mother's words. The therapist that came into his room told him that optimistic thoughts bred optimistic actions. So he thought to himself, yes I'm okay, I'm perfect in my own accord .

yes I'm okay, I'm perfect in my own accord And then, he'd gone back to high school for his final year, still holding on the conviction of his mother's words, and learned how cruel the world was.

It had mattered that he was blind. How people treated him was contingent on this fact alone. They were only there for him because of pity, never companionship.

He got used to the disappointment. He expected it. He'd heard all the generic excuses. The, "Sorry I can't hang out today, I'm busy," and the, "I study better alone." He'd heard the, "I have a boyfriend," and the, "I'm focusing on myself."

The friendships he managed to forge were one-dimensional and stagnant. People interested in having a token blind friend. People that needed him for classwork.

And after seven years of living with this, Zach expected to never be seen as anything more than subpar, damaged.

But here he was, a boy sitting before a girl, realizing that perhaps he was worth more than his disability.

A piece of him wasn't content, though. The pessimistic part, the one he'd honed and trained to weed out those who could hurt him, that pushed everyone away and built walls around his defenses, doubted Sarah's words.

"You don't have to ... I don't need you to ..." He stopped. He'd expected her to interrupt him, to say something, but she stayed silent, patient as she waited on his words. She was no longer touching him, and upon hearing his voice, stopped laughing. If it weren't for her perfume, he'd have thought she was gone. Finally, after what seemed like forever, he swallowed the lump in his throat. "You don't have to say that. You don't have to pity me."

"What?" she emphasized, her voice hitched in confusion. But she said the word so fast that instead of sounding like wha-t it sounded like whaa- . "Pity you?"

wha-t whaa- Zach nodded.

Then this girl, this happy, light-hearted girl, growled. If he wasn't so perplexed, he would have reveled in its melody in the way, the sounds danced in the breeze that's been pushing past them. How could such a resentful noise sound so beautiful?



He wished he was the Wicked Witch of West. He wanted to fucking melt into the ground.

Zach didn't say anything when he tried to leave again. He offered neither reason nor goodbye. He simply shuffled out of the bench and grabbed onto Buster's harness.

"No, no, wait! Wait!" Sarah exclaimed. Once again, she was reaching for his arm. When she grabbed it, she held on tight, expecting him to pull away from her.

As if he'd ever deprive himself of her, no matter how frustrated he was.

"I'm sorry I, uh, growled . I tend to do that when I'm uncomfortable. But I want to make this very clear: I don't pity you. At all. I mean, you seem to be doing really fucking well for yourself, so there's nothing to pity."

growled really And at that moment, he realized that for the first time in his life, a stranger was being sincere. Completely and utterly sincere. Not one pessimistic thought could penetrate the genuine warmth that started from the bottom of his feet and rose to his hairline.

"And I didn't mean anything by confronting you. Honestly. I was just walking around the park and I saw you and I had asked my other friends at M.I.T about you and they said they knew of you and they told me you were blind and I was just surprised. Not because it was unbelievable that you were blind--well, actually, it kind of was. I mean, you were looking, like, right at me when I talked, and you had such good body language and I...I'm sorry. I really am. I just don't know why you didn't tell me that night."

right By the time she'd finished talking, his body was facing her. He tilted his head down to where he assumed her face was.

"Wow, you're really good at that," she whispered. Zach almost wanted to smile because, after her second speech, he felt weightless and happy.

second A little cocky, too.

Well, as cocky as a blind guy could get.

"Okay, so now that I've basically had a word vomit, tell me why you didn't call or text me."

"If I told you, you wouldn't believe me." Zach rubbed the back of his head sheepishly.

"What? You forgot again, just like you forgot you were blind."

He shook his head. "No. I, uh, accidentally scrubbed it off my arm in the shower before I could get my friend to tell me the numbers."

She gasped. "So you're telling me that you didn't instantly put my number into your phone when you left the bar?"

instantly "I didn't have my phone on me, remember?"

"And right when you got home, you didn't put it in?" Zach gave her a guilty look. "Ouch, way to make a girl feel memorable."

He knew she was teasing, but he still flushed apologetically.

"That's not it. I just felt gross."

"I made you feel gross?"

"No! Gosh, you're misunderstanding everything."

"Oh, so now I'm being crazy."

now "No! Of course not. You're not crazy. What I was trying to say...what I meant by saying I felt gross was that the bar made me feel gross, not you. Like the sweat. The smell of beer. All that."

She giggled and he realized she had been teasing him. The biggest curse of being blind? Not being able to read body language and facial expression.

Or see the face of the girl you might have fallen in love with.

might "And what about me? How do I make you feel?" Her voice was sultry and the hand she had on his arm drifted down to her side. But she was standing so close that her breasts brushed against him.



"Good?" he managed to choke out.

"Good?" she repeated. He nodded.

"Okay well, how much closer do I need to get to you before you ask me out since you made me wait a week before I could see you again?"

If someone would have told Zachariah seven years ago that he would have liked a girl that was forward, he would have laughed in their face. Not just laughed, but downright cackled.

At that point in his life, he assumed he was at peak masculinity. If anyone ever wanted to see true narcissism, they only needed to go so far as to observe a Middle Eastern boy towards the end of puberty.

Back then, he'd convinced himself he wanted a demure woman. Someone that was complacent and listened to his every word. That cooked and cleaned and pleased him.

Basically, he wanted a legal sex slave. No thoughts, no opinions. Just a person there for whatever he wanted.

he But now? He couldn't imagine being with anyone but Sarah. Her personality was perfect. Feisty, clever, and driven.

but "Ask you out?"

She nodded emphatically. "We seem to be repeating ourselves a lot, huh?"

"Feel like it's more of an after-effect from the shock." He paused. "Are you free this week? I have an exam tomorrow, but I'm free after that."

She cursed as if she recalled something she didn't want to. "I'm not free until the weekend after next. I have this massive essay due next week that I'm nowhere near done finishing and I have a fuck-ton of research to do. And then I have to babysit my brother since my parents will be out of town. And then the weekend after that I'll be free. Fuck! Why do I procrastinate?"

"An illness of the human condition?" Zach offered.

"Fuck the human condition."

Zach chuckled at her rage. He still couldn't process the fact that someone wanted him; was excited to be with him. He just stood there, feeling her presence, with Buster at his feet waiting at attention for his owner's next move.

"So, are you going to seal the deal?" she finally asked. "I told you my schedule and although I might not be a go-getter, I'm a firm believer that if I set everything up for a guy, he better take it or he's not worth being with."

Since his last rejection in his freshman year of college, Zach never actually thought about dating. Sure, he would get a crush every now and then. Like his lab partner in his beginner's programming course during his freshman year of college, or Madeline, the sweet girl that was in all of his Master's classes. But never before did he actually think about really dating any of them.

actually really Crushes were just that. Crushes. They existed to decimate a person.

He's never gone on a date before. Jesus, this is going to be hard.

Jesus, this is going to be hard. "Seal the deal?" Zach repeats.

She nods and he can feel a few strands of her hair brushing lightly on his face from the blowing wind. "Yeah. I might have failed chemistry, but I know a bond when I see one."

"That was really smooth. Sadly, I can't say the same thing."

"Two-for-two on the blind jokes. Way to go, bud."

Zach scrunched his nose. "Don't call me bud. It reminds me of my soccer coach."

"Yeah? Did he ever make you wait to pick a date or..."

What was he supposed to say? Did they officially set up the date now? Wasn't there already an understanding that they would be going out once she was free? "Uh, okay, I guess. Here it goes..."

would "You guess? Wow, you're really just taking shots at my ego now, huh."

"Sorry--I mean, would you like to go out with me next Friday."

"I would love to," she says with a little laugh. Zach couldn't help the huge grin that spread across his face.

"So it's a date."

"It's a date. Let me put my number into your phone. Please don't bring your phone into the shower. If it wipes out my number one more time, I might just trip you on purpose."

And after she puts in her number, she leaned forward and kissed him on the cheeks.

"You know, they say the eyes are the windows to the soul. But that's not true. My grandmother used to tell me that reading someone's soul isn't about the eyes at all. It's about what you hear, and how you feel, in here." She placed her hand just above his heart.

And for the first time since he was sixteen, Zach saw something. Light.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





4.1 | Thrifting and Throwing Up


FOUR

FOUR ♛

"DOESN'T SARAH LOOK amazing?"

"DOESN'T SARAH LOOK Next to Isaiah, Zachariah sighed. They stood in front of their living room window and watched her walk into their building. Well, Zach was simply standing and Isaiah was watching.

"Dude for real. I don't know why the fuck she got so dressed up when you won't be able to see shit but damn, she looks like a mother fuckin' snack. I'm gonna give her an A for ' ass-phat and amazing.' You know what, as a playa', being blind is the biggest advantage. You could tell a girl that you can't see her, but you'd love to feel her. If she's more into those poetic ass words, you could even say 'my hands are my eyes, and baby, I wanna map the fuck out of you.' Or, you could--" Isaiah stopped short, annoyed when he realized that it was Zach who made that claim. "Y'know Riah, that shit gets real old, real fast."

ass-phat and amazing.' Zach Zach snickered in glee.

Isaiah clicked his tongue. "Now I'm not gonna tell you how bangin' she actually looks."

"Aw, c'mon, bro, don't be like that," Zach whined.

"Beg me on your hands and knee and buy me a new Fortnite skin, and I might reconsider."

Zach deliberated about it for a second, but he couldn't agree to it all. He had some pride. "I'll only do the latter."

some "Why would you fuck a ladder for your first time?"

First time? Why would you fuck one period ? Zach thought before looking at his friend with furrowed brows. Isaiah could be an airhead sometimes, but usually Zach thought he did it as a bit. "You're kidding me, right? You're just tryin' to be funny. I mean, please tell me you're actually joking."

First time? Why would you fuck one period please There was an awkward pause before Isaiah gasped, "Oh, la- tt -er, not la- dd -er. C'mon bro." There was an accusation in his tone as if it was Zach's fault for the misunderstanding. "You gotta enunciate better."

tt dd "Use context clues, you fuckin' moron."

"Not a nice thing to say to the only man here that can see your date. I can make her really pretty or really ugly."

"You just said she was beautiful." Besides, it wouldn't have mattered anyways. Zach knew without seeing her that she was more beautiful, more radiant, than watching a comet blaze through the black blanket of space, its tail coruscating amongst the stars.

"No, I said she was a snack and bangin' but you don't know if that has to do with her face or her body. So you better be nice to me or I'll make her look like a troll."

Zach pursed his lips and crossed his arms, upset by this blatant abuse of power. "Y'know what? Fuck it. No new skin for you. I honestly don't care how she looks. She's beautiful to me."

"I swear, if you weren't blind I would choke the fuck out of you. Man, get yo' goofy ass outta here."

But it was true. Appearance was a critical aspect of a relationship, but being blind minimized its importance to him. He was certain he wouldn't care how Sarah looked or the shape of her body. It was who she was, the essence of her being, that he cared for and regardless of what form it took, his feelings would be constant.

He didn't dare say any of this out loud. If Isaiah ever heard these thoughts, it would most likely be the end of their friendship, for Isaiah had one rule in life: don't be friends with a simp.

And what was Zachariah doing? Simping, at least according to Isaiah.

He didn't mind. He'd be the jester to Sarah's magnanimous queen any day.



"Y'know, if you weren't taking her out on a date, I would definitely try and tap that." When his words elicited no reaction from Zach, Isaiah was quick to take it back. "Aw, c'mon, I was kidding. You know I like to fuck around." Zach didn't break so Isaiah began to yank at his arm. "C'mon booger-boo, please tell me you'll still give me that skinny-skin-skin."

Oh, how Zach wanted to groan in disgust. Being subjected to every word Isaiah said in that voice brought on an onslaught of iron rage.

"First, don't ever call me that. I am not your booger or your boo, so you keep those disgusting words out of your big-ass mouth." Zach seethed as he twisted his friend's grip off him. "Second, don't ever objectify Sarah like that or I'll accidentally poke you in the dick with my cane. Third, and most importantly, don't talk in that baby voice. I don't know any rational human being that actually enjoys a baby voice. I'm convinced that even babies hate the baby voice. That's why they always fuckin' cry when you do it."

accidentally Being the troll that he was, Isaiah didn't miss a beat. "Aw, wittle-bittle Zacky--Fuck dude! That was my eyes!"

"Oh, the irony."

"Irony my ass. No blind person should be throwing their fists--"

They were interrupted by a knock at the door. Now it was too late for getting an accurate description of how she looked.

"Shit, she's here," Isaiah mumbled. "Okay, don't panic. You're gonna do great. If it doesn't go well, that's okay. First dates are supposed to be shitty. Y'know, during my first date, I peed on not just myself, but also my date?"

"Yes, I do know. You ran to my house crying."

"I didn't run, my mom drove me there." Then they were standing in front of the door. "Alright bro, break a leg. But not literally like last time because if I have to wheel you to class at fucking 8 a.m. ever again, I'll throw myself out a window."

He wasn't wrong. Zach could potentially hurt himself without Buster or his cane, and seeing as how he would be going on this date with neither, he needed to be extra careful.

could It wasn't that he didn't want to bring Buster or his cane, but he didn't know how Sarah would feel. Did she mind being seen with a blind guy? Would it bother her to have Buster always around, always there, ever-aware and alert for any trigger words? Maybe people assumed that dogs were just dogs, but Buster was different. He was trained to be highly attuned to humans, especially his owner. Would she mind having a dog that was perceptive to keywords and could smell emotions?

Zach found it funny how people disregarded dogs as just companions, a being to keep the loneliness at bay, when they were so much more. They were the perfect substitute for another human. Sure, they couldn't talk in the conventional way, but they understood and conveyed their thoughts in a different way.

Still, it would be invasive to bring Buster on his first date, wouldn't it? That's what Zach thought at least, and was why he had that conversation with Buster earlier today. The dog had whimpered and pleaded, but his decision was final.

If this date went well, which was likely based off the trajectory of their relationship, he'd ease Buster onto her.

"Ready?" Isaiah breathed. Zach could tell that he already has his hand on the doorknob, ready to fling it open. Zach nodded.

The smell of her hit him full force and quenched the ache that he'd been carrying since they parted ways a week and a half ago. It took every ounce of self-restraint to not take a big, dramatic sniff as it permeated the air around him.

"Hi," Sarah whispered, breathless and ebullient. He imagined a set of thick lips—her lips—stretched into a smile with white teeth peeking between them.

"Yo', what's good? I'm Isaiah, the better and more delicious half of Riah." He used his pick-up voice when he spoke.

There wasn't that much of a distinction between Isaiah's normal voice and pick-up voice, but being so attuned to see through sound, Zachariah could tell. When he wanted to sound smooth for the ladies, Isaiah's voice would drop an octave, he'd make his throat scratchy, and he'd try his best to sound sultry.

Zach shuffled his foot on the ground until it knocked against Isaiah's bare feet. Then he stepped on it, increasing the pressure until Isaiah emitted a small whimper.

"Oh, uh, hi. I'm Sarah, the off-white, kind of tan, half to Zach's date." Then, her voice was facing in Zach's direction. "Are you ready to go, Zach?"

"Yeah, let's head out." He grabbed his keys from the fishbowl and made a motion to step out before stopping in his tracks. "Oh shoot, give me one second. I need to say bye to Buster."

"Buster? Your dog? Why don't you bring him?"

"My dog?"

"Yes, your dog. Your guide dog. The one I met at the park."

Zach, still perplexed, looked at her and repeated, "You're okay with me bringing my dog?"

Sarah chuckled. "Lord have Mercy, you're like a broken record. Yes, Zach, of course I'm okay with you bringing your dog. Who wouldn't be?"

I think I'm in love , he hummed to himself, a dopey smile growing on his face.

I think I'm in love

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. ♛

edited 08.31.20

edited 08.31.20 this is an added chapter from the original. in the original, i didn't detail the first date, but i always thought, "wouldn't it be nice if i at least showed that first time?" admittedly it took me forever to write!

this is an added chapter from the original. in the original, i didn't detail the first date, but i always thought, "wouldn't it be nice if i at least showed that first time?" admittedly it took me forever to write! if you did enjoy the chapter, please comment and vote ^_^

if you did enjoy the chapter, please comment and vote ^_^ have a wonderful day xx

have a wonderful day xx





4.2 | Thrifting and Throwing Up


When Zach went to harness Buster, the dog was ecstatic. Due to the manner in which he was trained, Buster had to suppress any overly physical expressions of joy. That didn't stop the canine from wiggling his body and tail lightly back and forth and letting out quiet whimpers of glee.

"He's so excited," Sarah cooed. "Aren't you, boy? You're so excited."

Although Zach hated the baby voice, he didn't mind it too much coming from Sarah.

"Okay, so where are we going?" Sarah asked once they left the apartment. She walked alongside him, her body brushing into his with every other step. He felt hyperaware of every cell in his body.

"Well, I thought we'd eat dinner and then head to the movies. They're screening some cinematic masterpieces from the '90s at the theater nearby and I thought we could watch one of those. Whichever one you wanted."

"Oh, okay, I'm down. How far is the restaurant? Do you need me to help you walk there? Should I give you my arm?"

Her question shouldn't have bothered him. In fact, it should have made him happy that she was being so considerate, so accommodating, in offering to help him while simultaneously affording him the luxury of feeling her skin against his.

Yet he couldn't help but feel that sting to his already fragile masculinity, to lack of control he seemed to have over his life. He was, for the most part, independent, and yet he still required help in certain aspects of his life. He thought he'd gotten over that prideful side of him, the one that hated the help people offered, and he had, for the most part.

But he didn't want Sarah to see him as some delicate blind man that needed help for everything. He'd been perceived as such for so many years. He just wanted to be seen as a man.

"No, it's okay," he replied, keeping the bitterness in his tone at bay. "I know how to get there, and Buster does, too."

"Well shoot, there goes my plan to get you to hold my hand."

"Huh."

"Yeah, 'huh'." There was a stretch of silence and Zach felt stupid and lost. God, he'd been so obsessed with himself and how he felt, he forgot about Sarah.

But what was he meant to do now? Was he supposed to grab her hand? Would it be silly, since she'd already told him what he wanted, so it would no longer be spontaneous? Or did she not care? Did she just want him to grab her hand? If he did grab her hand, was he supposed to lace them together? Or just clasp them? What if his palms were sweaty? Fuck, his knees were growing weak every time her skin bumped into his. Would it be weird to ask her to his left side so he could grab her hand with his left? He needed his dominant right hand to hold onto Buster's harness. What if--

But before he could finish his ever-growing list of questions, Sarah wrapped her arm around his right bicep. "There we go. This is easier. That way you don't have to let go of Buster."

Zach didn't say anything. He just grinned.

When they were only one block away from the fancy restaurant Zach had planned for them to eat at, Sarah suddenly dragged them into a thrift shop nearby.

"I'll be real quick," she vowed, the door of the store jingling as they passed through the threshold. "No more than five minutes, I swear."

"It's okay, take your time." They had reservations, but he was sure the hostess and the maitre'd wouldn't mind if they were a little late.

When Zach went shopping with his mother, she would drop him off at a specific spot in the store and order him to stay put. He never minded. He usually just sat down, put on his headphones, and listened to music, podcast, or an audiobook.



That's what he had expected with Sarah. He'd expected her to order him to stay put before she rushed to whatever object piqued her interest. But Sarah, this unpredictable woman, did no such thing.

Instead, she towed Zachariah along when he hesitated near the door.

"C'mon, you gotta help me pick out some gems."

They walked through the aisles, and she generically described all the sections they were in. They finally stopped at the hat section.

"Oh my God, this hat is so cute. It's a purple bowl hat with a pineapple on top. I freaking love pineapples. Did you know that pineapples can actually make--wait, that's more of a fifth date conversation. I might buy it ... actually no, I have too many hats."

"I don't have any hats," Zach commented.

"Oh, then you can buy this one. It's a little feminine, but you seem like the confident type. You can totally pull it off."

"How purple is purple."

"Are you familiar with the color lilac?"

"Mostly the plant, but I'm certain the color's name was derived from that. So, yes."

"Long-winded explanation for simple yes, but I'll take it."

Zach scrunched his nose. "But lilac is not purple. That's basically pink with grey in it."

is "Hey, I've seen some rugged men pull off lilac."

"Which men?" Zach snorted in disbelief.

"Confident, rugged, handsome alpha male."

alpha "Did you...did you seriously just say: alpha male ?"

alpha male Sarah giggled. "Yeah? What? You'd rather be a beta?"

"Oh please, the whole idea of being alpha or beta is so monotonous and obscure." He rolled his eyes. "Either way, I'm not wearing that. It won't compliment my skin."

alpha beta "Trust me, it compliments you really well."

really "Nuh-uh." But when Sarah stepped forward and he could feel his resolve slowly begin to crumble. "No means no, missy."

"No way, José. Although I'm a firm believer in consent, I'm not letting you refuse in this situation. I'm determined to see you wear it." She approached him and pressed herself against him before placing the hat on his head. She gasped and clapped her hands. "Wow, so beautiful and masculine."

this "Eugh," Zach groaned, dropping his head a little. "I look ridiculous."

"No you don't," she beamed, patting his head. In any other circumstance, he would find the action to be patronizing. But he was well aware her intentions were simply to comfort him, and nothing else. "You look amazing."

The sincereity in her words left him breathless and his brain lost function for a moment. When he felt like the silence had lasted for too long, he finally stuttered, "I think you're—I mean, I know you're so bea—and I wish I could just—"

"Chill. Breathe," she whispered, placing a hand over his mouth. He let out a breath through his nose. "It's okay. You don't have to say anything back. I know you like me. Who doesn't? I mean, looks aside, I have the most bomb ass personality ever."

Zach flushed and nodded heartily in agreement.

He wished he'd worn a short sleeve shirt. This thrift shop was too hot, and she was too close, touching him, and now he was just sweltering profusely.

When she removed her hand, he took a deep breath before saying, "I just didn't want you to think that I wouldn't like you no matter what."

"No matter what? You're telling me if you found out I was ugly, you'd still like me?" she asked, her voice hushed. She was close to him. So close that his body was ignited, completely enflamed.

"Even if you were ugly."

"Even if I had a tail. And ate bananas."

"I love monkeys. Curious George was my favorite childhood books. Plus, they're my favorite animals after chinchillas."

Curious George She hesitated before speaking again. "What if I was ... as round as a chinchilla?"

Fat. She's sensitive about her weight, perhaps?

Fat. She's sensitive about her weight, perhaps? "Well, being round, when applied to the three-dimensional world, means having a shape similar to that of a sphere or a spheroid. Fun fact, people think the Earth is a perfect sphere, which implies that it has a constant radius on all three axes. In reality, it's not. It's a spheroid, almost having an equidistance between the center and the outer but not quite. The radius of the Earth--"

"As hot as it may be to hear you talk about shapes, I would love to continue to shop."

But he hadn't answered the question yet, and she sounded resigned and he didn't like that. Whatever insecurities she had, he wanted to take them away, to burrow them in himself instead.

When she took a step back from him, he reached for her with his free hand. "I don't care. That's what I'm trying to say. A sphere is one of the most beautiful physical forms in the natural world. The amount of analysis and mathematical conclusions that can be drawn using different laws of physics and chemistry is astounding and most of them have its basis from a sphere, or at the very least, a cylinder. A sphere is assumed to be the elemental shape of life, of matter. It's the most beautiful and uniform shape.

"So, no," he sighed with a smile, his voice lowering to a whisper. "I don't care. The rounder, the better."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





4.3 | Thrifting and Throwing Up


Sarah was the best narrator to ever exist.

"Okay, now ass-chin is hip-thrusting on a bleacher with a bunch of dudes around him. Kind of looks like a wiener fest but definitely more PG. They're all wearing leather, kind of like a biker gang, but think My Little Pony and less Mad Max ."

My Little Pony Mad Max Dinner had ended later than they thought. They had spent an hour, not five minutes, in the thrift shop, effectively missing their reservation. Sarah suggested they just go to a local food market and buy ready-made meals and eat in the park. It sounded cute and romantic, so Zach was more than happy to comply with this impromptu plan.

They ended up eating a whole rotisserie chicken with ranch and barbeque sauce, a bag of Hot Cheeto Puffs, and three slices of cheesecake. He ate the crust, she ate the filling.

To Zach, they were perfect for each other.

perfect Buster ate a bunch of doggie treats. Zach relieved him of duty and the poodle decided to sit next to Sarah, resting his head on her lap. Zach envied the poodle every time Sarah would scratch between his ears and lean down to kiss his forehead.

The conversation during dinner was free-flowing. One second they were debating the concept of water being wet, and the next they were discussing how to eat ice cream.

"It's simple. You lick it," Sarah declared.

"But what if--"

"There is no 'but what if's' in this debate. Unless you're a psychopath. Are you telling me I'm on a date with a psychopath? Because I will get up and run the other way faster than you can say 'bite me'."

"Hold up, hear me out," Zach protested. When she stayed silent for a heartbeat, he continued. "Say you're eating an ice cream cone, and you're a slow licker? Y'know, you like to savor each lick. But you also really like the cone because, let's say, the cone has a chocolate filling inside. So rather than spending, like twenty minutes licking the ice cream to get to the cone, which will result in you probably having ice cream all over your hands...you just bite."

"Who the hell licks that slow? Do you lick that slow?" Under her breath, she muttered, "God, I hope not."

"I mean, I don't lick that slow, but sometimes I forget I'm eating ice cream and then my hands get sticky and I hate my hands getting sticky."

"Same here. I always carry wet wipes. Speaking of which--" she shuffled and unzipped her bag. Then, there was something in Zach's hand. "It's a napkin. You have sauce on your face."

Zachariah tried to hide the humiliation that crawled up his neck and quickly wiped at his face. She barely noticed and changed the conversations to whether or not reptile lovers deserved rights.

After talking for another hour, they finally decided it was time to head out to the movies. But by the time they got there, the theater was only showing one.

Grease .

Grease "Is it about race cars?" Zach asked when they made their way to the concessions stand.

"Cars? Are you kidding me? Cars?" Sarah sputtered. "What, you've never seen Grease?"

"No. I was never that into movies when I was younger. After becoming blind I just didn't go to many unless it was a group thing."

"So you've never seen Footloose ? Or Dirty Dancing ? Or Westside Story ? Or Cry Baby ?"

Footloose Dirty Dancing Westside Story Cry Baby "No, no, no and, oh my God, that's an awful name, no."

She was appalled.

The second they sat down, she began to explain the plot of the movie, which despite its name, was definitely not about race cars. "I know it'll be spoilers, but this way when everything happens, you can kinda imagine what's going on. So, let's introduce the main characters. We have John Travolta as ass-chin--"

definitely

"Wait, what's his real name in the movie?"

"Danny Zuko."

"Oh! Zuko. Like Avatar!"

"So you'll watch cartoons but not classic musicals. God, I have my work cut out for me."

"What? Avatar came out before I was blind. It's a show that truly embodies perfection in its entirety."

She wasn't able to finish telling him the plot. One second she was laughing, her hand on his shoulder as she berated him for his lack of movie knowledge, and in the next, the movie began.

" Tell me more, tell me more, did you get very far ," she sang quietly. As she sang, she swayed her head from side to side, bumping into his shoulders every now and again.

Tell me more, tell me more, did you get very far It wasn't until they were halfway through the movie, at Sarah's favorite song and scene, the sleepover one, that her stomach began to revolt against her.

"I think I might vomit," she grunted. Without another word, she rushed out, leaving Zach confused and very much disoriented.

He whistled to Buster, apologizing to those around him, as he let his dog guide him out. When he felt the chill of the night air, he called out Sarah's name until she replied.

"Here, just follow my voice. Sorry about running out, I felt very--" She stopped speaking to belch again and Zach hissed sympathetically, now jogging towards her. Once he was close, she shrieked. "No, stay away. Turn your back, don't face me. I don't want you to see me like this."

"Good thing I can't see you then, huh?" Zach teased.

"I don't care. Just ... turn around." She once again emptied the contents of her stomach.

Shit, this is my faul t, Zach moaned to himself as he listened to her get sick. If only he'd been aware of the time at the thrift shop. He'd just been so distracted by her joy and laughter and the way she desperately wanted to buy a cracked plate.

Shit, this is my faul "They're lonely. They're only a little broken and no one wants them. They're lonely," she'd said to him as she detailed why she wanted to buy it.

If they'd gone to the restaurant as he'd planned, then she wouldn't be sick. Oh, God, this was all his fault.

When she finally stopped coughing, she beckoned him to follow her.

"Sorry, I'm so sorry," Zach pleaded, fumbling through his words as he continued to apologize over and over again.

"What are you saying 'sorry' for?" She grumbled. "It's not your fault. It's mine. I think the chili cheese dogs were bad."

"Yeah but--"

She wrapped her hand around his arm and interrupted him. He loved the feeling, but it didn't alleviate the guilt. "Honestly Zach, you worry too much. It really is okay. It wasn't your fault."

Zach nodded. As they made their way back to his apartment, Zachariah stayed quiet, not sure of what to say.

The date had been going so well. They were both enjoying their time. Their conversations were effortless, light-hearted, and fun. Every time she laughed, he felt intoxicated, mesmerized by the timber of her elation.

And then it had to end with her throwing up. Granted, he had no control over whether or not this would happen. But that didn't matter. It had happened, and now she wasn't feeling well and he just didn't know what to say or do to make her feel better.

They were at his apartment in less than ten minutes. They stood outside, facing one another, silent for a long time.

"So," she finally whispered. "I kinda ruined it at the end there, huh?"



Zach vehemently disagreed. "No, you didn't ruin it at all. It was perfect."

"Perfect? With the stench and all? I know your nose is super-sensitive."

He smiled, flattered that she had observed such a fact. "It's okay. You always smell good, so I didn't notice." Then he flushed when he realized the implication of his words. "Not that I smell you. I would never, y'know, just like sniff you, that's just weird. But like, in general, you smell good."

"Shh, it's okay. Don't stress."

They continue to stand there, face to face. They stood there for a while. Zachariah knew he should excuse himself, thank her for the amazing date and then promise to call her later. He could even kiss her if he were feeling bold.

He could just grab her head and lean forward and press his lips against hers. He could wrap his arm around her waist and pull her closer and closer until their skin melted together. Or, he could--

"Alright, you have one of two options," Sarah declared, interrupting his salacious thoughts.

"For what?" Had she said something and he'd missed it?

"For how we're gonna end this night."

"Oh ..." His face heated up as he thought about his previous plan.

"What do you mean, 'oh'? What were you planning to do?" she implored. She swung her hands with every word, suspicious.

Zach scratched the back of his head. Could he tell her the truth? She probably wouldn't be bothered, but he felt a little shy, so he lied. "Wish you good night and then go to sleep happy?"

"Are you kidding me? Not even a hug?"

"I don't want to physically impose on you without your consent."

She let out an exasperated huff of air. "If you weren't so cute and awkward and considerate, I might've just dropped kicked you by now."

Zach chuckled. "Thank god I am then."

She let go of his hands and he felt the loss of her warmth instantly. Why had she let go? Was she upset? What was she doing with her hands?

"Okay, listen here mister, this is how this is going to work. Like I said, I'm going to give you two options. One or two. Pick."

"Aren't you going to spell out the options?"

"Absolutely not. You lost that privilege the second you admitted to your boring plans."

That wasn't fair. "You asked!"

"And?"

Zach made a face and snorted. "So if I told you I'd planned to slam you against the door and choke you with my tongue it would be better?"

She didn't even sound surprised when she replied. "Yeah, it would. I mean, I'd rather not choke on your tongue specifically but it's still acceptable."

Zach made a face. He should have told her the truth, then.

"No more stalling. Pick. One or two?"

"Give me a second—a moment, not the second option. I gotta think."

"Think about what?"

"Which one is likely to be the option you want."

"Oh god, does your brain ever stop?" She laughed, either in amusement or exasperation.

"No," Zach admitted bitterly.

"Either one is good. I want both options."

"Is there one you want more?"

"Zachariah, I swear to God if you don't--"

"Two."

And with that, Sarah, ever the powerful and driven woman she was, grabbed his face and kissed his cheek, slowly lingering her lips against his skin.

Granted, the stench of her breath was pungent, but for a moment he ignored it. He just existed in this instance.

Because this...this was what it was like to soar amongst the stars.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





5.1 | Be Mine I


FIVE

FIVE ♛

WHEN ZACHARIAH DREAMED , he dreamed in colors.

WHEN ZACHARIAH DREAMED Every now and then a face from his past slipped through his lucid imagination, but only for a fraction of a second. For the most part, all he saw were various splashes of vibrant pigments and shades.

When he had a "good" dream, one where he woke up optimistic, he dreamed of yellows, greens, and blues. Sounds occasionally accompanied these colors, like the light rustle of branches and leaves, or the soft rhythmic push and pull of tides.

When he had a "bad" dream, one where he woke up drenched in sweat and frantic, he dreamt of reds, silvers, navies, and blacks. These dreams had no sound and the silence made Zach feel more alone and panicked.

Lately, he's been having different dreams. Dreams that only began after his date with Sarah.

different They are dreams of Sarah. Not of her face--that was something he would never have the privilege of conjuring--but of her spirit. What she was made up of. He would see this kaleidoscope of colors: mostly yellows, and oranges, but with a splash of baby blue and lilac.

Like his "good" dreams, the sounds were just as gentle and calm. He would hear the soft tinkles of wind chimes or the irresistible bell of her laughter.

What distinguished his good dreams from a "Sarah" dream was the smell. He didn't usually smell anything in his dreams, but when he dreamt of her, he was bombarded with coffee and flowers and sweet candy scents like sour patch kids and sour gummies.

Since he and Sarah have been going on dates, Zach has had four "Sarah" dreams, each occurring after every date he's had with her. The first one left him breathless and confused -- when he woke up, it was difficult to piece what had just happened. After the second and third one, he caught on and was eager to go to bed after their dates.

Tonight would be his fifth date with her and he was beyond excited; not just for the date, but also for the anticipation of his dream tonight. He was in his room getting ready when his mother called him.

"So she's a nice girl?" his mother asked over the phone. Zach was almost done getting ready at this point in the conversation. " Hab'booba walla 'eh ?"

Hab'booba walla 'eh Zach rolled his eyes at the question. She'd asked him whether Sarah was a sweet girl or not several times, and each time his answer was the same.

several "Of course she's a habooba . Mith'lal a'sal ."

habooba Mith'lal a'sal Of course, she was sweet. Like honey.

There was a grunt of approval on the other end of the phone.

" Yallah, sah'l ( Alright then ). Are you going on another date?"

Yallah, sah'l Alright then Zach smirked. "Yeah, we're actually going out tonight. I'm thinking of asking her to be my girlfriend."

His mom gasped. " Yee a'layna (Oh my goodness) . You cannot do that without letting me meet her first. A'ab a'lyak, ya Zakaria (Bad on you, Zachariah)."

Yee a'layna . A'ab a'lyak, ya Zakaria Zach rolled his eyes again.

It had been a little under two months since Zach and Sarah started dating. They go out almost every other week, usually on Fridays but sometimes on Saturdays. In between those days, when they were busy with their own lives, either working on data collection or writing essay after essay about Dickens's novels, they would text.

At first, it was difficult for Zach to get used to the instantaneous manner in which Sarah replied. Her enthusiasm, although wonderful, warranted a severe amount of stress. His process of texting was the following:



"Hey Siri, text Sarah: good morning, how did you sleep?"

"One moment...working on that...Sorry, I'm having trouble with the connection. Please try again in a moment."

"Hey Siri, text Sare -uh : good morn- ing , how did you slee- p question mark."

-uh ing p "One moment...working on that...Sorry, I'm having trouble with the connection. Please try again in a moment."

"Siri, I'm going to fucking kill you."

"I don't know how to respond to that."

"One more time. Hey, Siri, please send a message to Sare-uh : good morning, how did you sleep question mark."

Sare-uh "Here's your message to Sarah yellow heart emoji: good morning how did you sleep? Are you ready to send it?"

"Yes."

"Okay. It's sent."

This was just one example of how infuriating the supposedly advanced AI was. No matter how advanced Apple claimed to be, and despite its blind-accessible capabilities, there were limitations.

For instance, describing pictures.

It just so happened that after every date, Sarah would send a picture. Obviously, she knew he wouldn't be able to see said picture, so on the third date, she'd claimed that the particular picture she sent was raunchy. Despite his desperate pleas with Siri, apologizing profusely for having cursed her in the past, she'd been incapable of describing the pixels that had been sent to his phone. He then downloaded forty-apps in an attempt to find some sort of relief from this ignorant prison he was stuck in. None of them worked. There was one point where he stood three inches from Isaiah's door, his heels still on the edge of the carpet, and almost knocked. The only thing that stopped him was a text from Sarah that said: "LOL just kidding."

He'd almost thrown his phone at the wall.

Although all their dates had been amazing, he wished they could spend more time together. That it wasn't limited to just a few hours and then bam , part ways. At the conclusions of all their dates, he had this sense of satisfaction, of happiness, as if he were ready to go back to his apartment and be alone with the memories he'd culminated with her.

bam But every time he shut the door to his bedroom, he would feel this knot of bareness, nakedness, as if he'd been stripped of something essential and immediately, he wanted to run back out and chase after her.

He never did. He had enough self-respect to not do that.

So far, he'd planned all their dates perfectly, minus the first one when she'd emptied the contents of her guts.

The second date was at a thrift store. When he realized how much she loved it on the first date, he had to take her there again. Sarah wanted to find some "antique" candleholders for her mom's birthday, and it took them three shops before they found the one. Each time they went out, he learned something new about her, surprising him every single time. That night, Zach discovered that she loved buying and taking care of unwanted and useless shit, like a broken lamp or tattered up shoes.

The third date was an open-mic night. He'd learned of her passion for rap, simply because it was poetry in the form of music, and with Isaiah's help, found the perfect bar to go to. During all the performances, Sarah would whisper commentary in his ears, explaining double entendres and allegories, her breath hot and moist against the sensitive shell. He didn't have the heart to tell her that by doing that, she was only confusing and distracting him. That night, Zach noticed that Sarah truly cared to make him feel included.

Their fourth date, the one that happened last weekend, was a simple dinner date. This time they made it. They went to Bovines , a fancy restaurant that was close to Sarah's parent's house, and ate this $170 steak and oyster dish. Zach didn't even touch the oyster ("Why would I willingly eat them? They're like small slippery balls"). The food was amazing but not worth the price tag. That night, Zach realized Sarah was pretty adventurous, considering how many dishes she ate that she could barely pronounce.

Bovines The dates had yet to end with them kissing. This was Zach's fault. He knew it, Sarah knew, Isaiah knew it. But Zach hadn't kissed a girl since he was fifteen, and every time he managed to find some courage to take that step and lean his head in, he'd psych himself out.

kissed But now that he was about to commence date number five, this time Zach was determined to kiss her.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

♛





unedited 08.31.20

unedited 08.31.20 hi hello bonjour salam. this was an original chapter with *parts* added to it. most of the chapters I've written before were roughly 2-2.5k words, and now I'm trying to make them all at least 3k (some go up to 4k) words in order to be eligible for the Wattys. I'm trying to add more humor to the story, but it's exceedingly difficult. i would consider myself to be a pretty freaking funny person but that's more in person than it is online or through writing. gotta read more books i guess ><

hi hello bonjour salam. this was an original chapter with *parts* added to it. most of the chapters I've written before were roughly 2-2.5k words, and now I'm trying to make them all at least 3k (some go up to 4k) words in order to be eligible for the Wattys. I'm trying to add more humor to the story, but it's exceedingly difficult. i would consider myself to be a pretty freaking funny person but that's more in person than it is online or through writing. gotta read more books i guess >< anyways, if you enjoyed this, please consider giving a comment and vote xx

anyways, if you enjoyed this, please consider giving a comment and vote xx have a wonderful day <3

have a wonderful day <3





5.2 | Be Mine I


"Mom, you need to chill," Zach snorted into the phone as he got up from his desk and quickly tapped around the ground with his bare feet to orient himself properly. When he located the corner of the rug that touched both the carpet and the granite tiles, he knew where he was, and he headed out of his room and into the kitchen. "This isn't the 70's where I need my parents to approve of the girl."



approve

"What if she's not good enough for you?" his mom whined. He could hear metal slamming into a hard surface and he could only assume she was making dinner for his dad.

"Trust me, mama , she's good enough." A small smile played on his face as he thought of how she described the flowers he bought her on their second date.

mama " Sah'l ( Fine). Have fun habibi (My love). Give me a call tomorrow before your doctor's appointment."

Sah'l ( habibi " Hadr (Just wait/I will). Love you." He hung up the phone just as he heard his mother respond with her own loving words.

Hadr "You ready?" Isaiah asked him once he took a seat at the counter. Zach nodded. He then took a big sniff and groaned at the delicious flavors that invade his scenes.

"Fuck, that smells so good ."

good Isaiah clicked his tongue and huffed arrogantly. "Bro, I already know . Call me Chef B baby 'cause I be raviolling this shit up."

know "That made no sense."

"Whatever, just compliment me again." Zach ignored him and instead tapped for the fridge and grabbed a bottle of water from the side.

Then he remembered what Sarah has said on their first date. "Yo, can I ask you a question?"

"Hit me."

"Do you happen to know what pineapples do?" Zach asked after he took a big gulp of water.

"What do you mean?" Isaiah said as he shuffled around the kitchen.

"Like, pineapples. Are they ... sexual ? Are they an aphrodisiac?"

sexual " Aphro -what?"

Aphro "Aphrodisiac, like a substance that can cause sexual stimulation."

"Oh, like Viagra."

Zach wanted to hit his head against a wall. "No, you fucking idiot. Viagra is used for sexual impotence."

"What the fuck is an imp? Why can't you use normal words?" Isaiah grunted. "I'm not the fucking GRE. You don't gotta impress me."

"What do you mean big words? How the hell are you a Ph.D. student ?" He hissed, clearly annoyed.

How the hell are you a Ph.D. student "I'm doing my graduate studies in economics. The only words I need to know are supply and demand."

Zach buried his face into his palms and shook his head. Finally, he let out a deep breath. "Never mind. I'm almost ready to head out. Just have to harness Buster. You done cooking?"

"Yeah, I'm just cleaning up the countertops so your annoying ass doesn't complain about sticky counters. Sticky is icky." Isaiah mocked him in a high-pitched whisper.

"Now, where did you put the basket?"

"The counter, right between the tissues and the key bowl."

Zach easily found it. "Did you put the blanket in there, too?"

"Yessir. Blanket, extra bottles of water, sunscreen, and bugspray. Oh, and condoms."

Zach chose to ignore the last part, no matter what type of dirty thoughts began to infiltrate his mind. "Aw, thanks for being so amazing, mom."



Zach was certain Isaiah must have been glaring at him but there was still some humor in his tone. "Now listen here young man, don't you go around callin' me mom. I ain't no momma. But I definitely am a daddy."

"Okay, that's my cue to leave," Zach scoffed. He clicked his cheeks several times and Buster bounded towards him from the sofa to the door. "Also, did you put Buster's Buster on? I can't feel it in his cubby."

"Yeah, but it's the old one. I can't seem to find the new one you bought."

Zach kneeled and patted around Buster's torso to confirm his friend's effort. Then, he got up and whispered in Buster's ears that he was on duty. He straightened up and faced his friend."'Eh, whatever. All the same."

Just as he was about to leave the apartment, Isaiah called out to him. "Wait, Zach! Come back." Zach backed up a few steps and stuck his head around the corner, his hand still on the doorknob.

"What?"

"You're not wearing your sunglasses."

Automatically, Zach touched his face to readjust them but there was nothing there. Feeling a little self-conscious, he cleared his throat. "Yeah, I sort of took them off today."

Isaiah had seen him without his sunglasses, but never willingly. There was rarely a time when Zach would leave the threshold of his room without those tilted bifocals. From the way Isaiah spoke, Zach knew his best friend was trying his best to seem casual about it.

"Oh, I definitely see that. Did someone get influenced by a certain lady?" Isaiah cooed.

someone "Shut up," he mumbled before rushing out the door, but not before hearing Isaiah make kissing and moaning sounds.

For the last few weeks, Sarah had been asking to see Zach without his sunglasses on. At first, he would get irritated by the insistent requests. In fact, he refused to respond to one of her texts for over seven hours because he was so annoyed.

Then he thought about it and he realized that he had nothing to fear. Well, that wasn't true. He had a lot to fear -- people looking at him weird because he couldn't meet their gaze, people getting uncomfortable because of the slightly opaque white layer over his pupils and the bloody red that coated parts of his eyes, or people just thinking mean things in general.

But that didn't seem to matter anymore. He didn't care about impressing anyone or blending in. He didn't care if he got stares or if people made comments about him.

The only person that mattered was Sarah. And she wanted to see him without his glasses, so she was going to see him without his glasses.

He was nervous as he walked out of his apartment building and took the five-hundred-and-sixty-two steps that placed him in front of the park they always met at. He was so excited that he forgot he was near a busy intersection. It wasn't until Buster began to nudge at him, and block his way that he realized he wasn't even paying attention and was about to walk into traffic.

Usually, a mistake like this would have humiliated Zach. Even now, he could hear a few people muttering quietly and although he couldn't make out what they were saying, he was sure it was about him. He hated messing up and making the gap between him and everyone else bigger. When he was younger, a small slip-up could make him fall back into an awful cycle of self-depreciation and borderline suicidal depression. His mother used to get so anxious and would be so careful about the things she let him do alone.

However, as he grew older, he learned to control the erratic feelings that bubbled inside him when he made a life-oopsy. Sure, he would get upset and angry, but it was all internalized. He would simply hold onto the vendetta he had in his heart rather than letting it out into the world.

His therapist thought it was unhealthy, but Dr. Brooke wasn't blind, so she didn't get a say in his coping mechanisms. She was just a hired diary his mother insisted he consulted with.

Yet, ever since he met Sarah, he barely recognized this feeling. Sure, he'd get a little embarrassed, but for the most part, he shrugged it off. The angry thoughts of "if only this didn't happen" or "everyone else is probably staring" or even the "why me" no longer appeared at the forefront of his mind.

She changed everything.

She was this beacon—this lighthouse that guided him through the tsunami that was his life. The darkness that cocooned around him had this silver lining and it as her . She was the optimism he didn't have—couldn't have—craved. She was this array of beautiful colors and all he wanted to do was be painted by her existence.

her Sarah was his everything, and nothing else mattered but her.

Zach knew that his feelings were intense. He knew that it's only been a little over two months. He understood how crazy he was, but he couldn't help it. He's never had this before, not even when he could see.

crazy this He wasn't sure if Sarah felt the same way, but he would take a wild guess that she might. Perhaps not at the same magnitude, but to some degree, she was just as enamored with him as he was with her. He could hear it and feel it in her reactions to him.

The body doesn't lie.

He knew he'd arrived at his destination when he heard the children from the playground at just the right amplitude. He walked forward a little until his feet hit the edge of the metal bench and then he took a seat. Buster settled himself between his legs.

"Do you think she'll say yes?" he asked Buster, putting his hands on the side of his fluffy dog's face. Buster whined and then gave a soft bark. Zach grinned. "I think she will too."

"She will what?" Sarah posed as she approached them. Zach sat up and turned his head to the direction of her voice, his smile transforming into a wide grin .

He hadn't realized she wasn't approaching him like she normally did. She had crept up behind him so quietly, he hadn't noticed. She smelled just as she usually did, but the wind was light today and hadn't carried the fragrance towards him.

"Nothing."

"You can't see me, but I'm glaring 'cause I'm very suspicious. I'm also stroking my beard, that way I look a lot more pensive."

"Wow, you grow beards fast. Last week you were completely clean-shaven."

"Yeah, it's one of my very many talents. I try not to do it too often, don't want to emasculate some of the macho-men." She gave a little grunt as if she were flexing.

"As a fellow macho-man, I'm not at all emasculated."

"Yikes, I definitely wasn't referring to you." Zach gaped at her declaration and then she laughed airly before slapping his arm playfully. "I'm kidding, I'm kidding. You're the most macho. Which is exactly why you're not emasculated."

Zach sniffed and crossed his arms awkwardly since he was still holding the basket. He stuck his head high up to the sky. "Nuh-uh, you're not getting away with that just 'cause you complimented me."

Sarah gave a small "hmph" and he thought that she must be pouting as she said, "Aw, c'mon. Don't act like that. I know you can't be mad at me."

She was right but Zach feigned ignorance. "Oh yeah? And why can't I?"

"Because you took off your sunglasses for me."

At that moment, as she stood there in front of him, less than one step away, she touched his face.

And at that moment, when he held his breath and felt the feather-light touch near his eyes and lips, Zachariah felt like he's been burnt by the sun.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





6.1 | Be Mine II


SIX

SIX ♛

"WHERE ARE WE going?"

"WHERE ARE WE That was her mantra for this fifth date: "Where are we going? Are we there yet? Zach, please tell me where we're going." But rather than respond to her, Zach simply wore a smile as he continued down the trail that Buster was guiding them down. Sarah didn't appreciate Zach ignoring her, so she continued to speak in an attempt to break him.

please "Look, if you want to murder me in an empty field, you should know that I already told my friends I'm with you. When I go missing, you're suspect number one."

Zach snorted. "You wound me, ma'am. My intelligence would afford more conniving and evasive means of getting away with murder. This would be just too obvious."

She gasped. "So either you're calling me unimaginable and unintelligent, or you're admitting to murder me in the future."

"Is there a third option?"

"Yes, the third option is neither, but you can only claim that if you tell me where we're going."

"What if I tell you that you look beautiful? Will that get me off the hook?" He relaxed his throat and dropped his voice in the way Isaiah taught him.

"I would call bullshit," she said, laughter in her words. "But I would also be flattered."

"And I would be off the hook?" Zach suggested.

She shook her head. "No way. You either tell me where we're going or I'm going to think you don't like me."

"But you know I like you," he mumbled.

She feigned ignorance. "What was that? I didn't hear you."

Zach pursed his lips, tingles of excitement rushing through his veins. "You know what I said."

"No, I'm partially deaf in one ear."

He snorted. "Yeah right, liar."

"Wow, I'm dumb, I'm going to get murdered and now I'm a liar." She sighed. "If only I was dating a guy that liked me."

She shouldn't have been able to guilt-trip him. Not when he knew her so well. Not when it was obvious that she was only trying to get him to confess where they were going.

"It shouldn't be too far. We've been walking for a good ten minutes, and I can smell daisies so that means we're close by. Just a little more patience."

"Daisies? Are we going to a meadow? Is this like that scene from Twilight?" she asked, excited. "Oh, how romantic."

Damn, he thought. She guessed it.

Isaiah had inadvertently given him the idea. The other day, he'd had a girl over and they were watching the Twilight saga, which Isaiah claimed to never have seen. A bald-faced lie—Zach even knew his best friend was team Jacob all the way. Isaiah's favorite movies were the Twilight saga and The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants (but only the first one) which, if confronted with that fact, he would deny these facts fervently.

Twilight The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants Either way, Zach had walked into the kitchen that night to grab a glass of water. He was heading back to his room when he heard Isaiah's date say: "Isn't that so romantic? Having a date in a meadow. Eugh, so cute."

And there birthed the idea for Zach's fifth date with Sarah.

"Just wait a little bit longer. Patience, patience is so fun. Patience, patience, gives you what you want."

Sarah's voice held a scowl. "Patience isn't my strong suit and you know that," she accused.

You know that, Zach repeated in his head. He was giddy at the sentiment hidden in that statement. The assumption of comfortability and familiarity in those three words. A connection she's acknowledged.

You know that,

She will definitely say yes , he thought with a burst of confidence.

She will definitely say yes "Yeah, well, get used to it, missy."

"Ma'am. Missy. What are you, like, a cowboy?" There was a long pause and she laughed as she recalled where he was from. "Oh wait, you actually are."

Then they walked in peaceful silence, trekking along the dirt path. It wasn't a bad hike. The terrain was flat and Buster pushed aside any branches or rocks that obscured their path.

Zach and Sarah continued alongside each other, their steps in tune, Zach matching her small strides. As they walked, the backs of their hands grazed against each other. After a while, Zach tried to curl his pinkie to latch onto her fingers, but he missed. The momentum of their steps propelled her hand too much.

At this point, it was torture. He could feel the soft brush of her knuckles against his and all he wanted to do was run his thumb over them.

"Are we there yet?" Sarah asked after another minute. Zach chuckled. He didn't know if she was teasing him or filling their silence with words. Either way, he found it endearing.

"I think we might be close. I see it right up ahead." Zach pretended to shade his eyes and squint, scrunching his nose for dramatic effect. He barely remembered ever doing this when he was younger. His acting must have been realistic because Sarah wheezed before slapping his arm.

"Oh God, I believed you for a second!"

Zach's steps faltered as he laughed, his hand over his stomach as he began to shake. Sarah joined in, and at that moment, they were orchestrating a performance of joy and it was a sound he'd never heard the likes of.

"You're not funny," Sarah grumbled once they'd calmed down. "I really thought you could miraculously see for a second. Maybe I am dumb."

"I beg to differ. That was hilarious." Right then, Buster turned to nuzzle into his jeans. They'd arrived. "Okay, we're here."

She must not have noticed before because she took a sharp breath. It was a hitch of air that sounded like a choked hiccup. Then, there was another blanket of silence. The only sounds came from the chirps of the birds and the gentle rustle of the leaves as a draft of wind passed by.

"It's beautiful," she rasped, her words barely a breath. Zach's ears strained to hear her.

"Not as beautiful as you." His response emulated the awe that was in her voice.

She placed her hand on his cheek, briefly, to acknowledge his words. "If only that were true."

Zach frowned at her disregard. Sure, he didn't know what she looked like, and yes, he had no idea what type of beauty the scene before him held. But he knew one thing: she had the most gorgeous soul any living creature or plant could possess.

He was ready to protest, to insist that what he spoke was true, regardless if she believed it or not, but she spoke first.

"Where did you find this place?" She'd removed her hand from his face, but she stepped closer to him than she was before. Their arms now pressed against each other. He didn't have the courage to turn his head and look at her, not knowing if his eyes would land anywhere near her face. Despite her positive reaction to his naked eye, he couldn't help but feel nervous. Without his sunglasses to hide the accuracy of his gaze, he was more vulnerable, more self-conscious, than he'd ever been before. So, he kept his face forward.

"Isaiah brought me here one time after my first night in Boston." He didn't mention how horrible that first day had been--how psychologically draining it was to move to an unfamiliar city and feel so utterly lost. To constantly have someone be with him for the first semester, just until he could readjust. To have his mom or dad fly in every other weekend because they were worried.

To have no sense of independence and be incapable of proving otherwise.

Zach shook his head a little to escape the dark thoughts that loomed in him.

He was better now--he knew his way around the city, his other senses have compensated for his lack of sight by heightening exponentially, and he felt somewhat independent and not as lost.

And now he also had Sarah, his source of happiness.

There was no reason to let the sadness of his past chain him. He needed to leap into the future. With Sarah.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

♛



unedited 08.31.20

unedited 08.31.20 i'm a wee bit peeved by this chapter because i had a lot of words and things italicized and then when i was editing on Grammarly after transferring it from Hemmingway it went away :( boooo. i'm gonna have to re-read and italicize later

i'm a wee bit peeved by this chapter because i had a lot of words and things italicized and then when i was editing on Grammarly after transferring it from Hemmingway it went away :( boooo. i'm gonna have to re-read and italicize later anyways, here's the kiss! i know it's not as descriptive as other kisses might be, but i'm definitely saving that for later if you catch my drift.

anyways, here's the kiss! i know it's not as descriptive as other kisses might be, but i'm definitely saving that for later if you catch my drift. the next two chapters are "new" chapters from what the original had

the next two chapters are "new" chapters from what the original had i really hope you guys enjoyed this chapter and if you didn't please let me know how to improve. i always welcome feedback, regardless of its severity :)

i really hope you guys enjoyed this chapter and if you didn't please let me know how to improve. i always welcome feedback, regardless of its severity :) have a wonderful day/night <3

have a wonderful day/night <3





6.2 | Be Mine II


They strolled to the center of the meadow and set up the picnic. Sarah did most of the work. At first, he protested when she tried to take the basket from his hand. He didn't want her to do it--to admit on some level that he was incapable, even though he knew he wasn't. But she wouldn't take no for an answer.

"Ta-da," she sang when she was done. "Okay, take four steps northeast and then sit down."

"You do know I can follow the sound of your voice, right?"

"Wait, really?" Zach nodded. "Oh my gosh, that's so cool! I mean, I should have guessed. You never seem to have a problem finding me."

He stood next to her when he said his next words, throwing caution to the wind. "That's because I'm always aware of you and where you are."

Zach wanted to see her reaction, to watch her face transform at his not-so-subtle admission. He wanted to see it so badly, he would take away another sense just to get a ten-second glimpse of her at this moment. Of her eyes, her nose, her lips, her eyebrows, her hair, her ears--everything. Just to have that image to hold onto in his head.

"Wow," she whispered. "You sure know how to make a girl speechless, huh?"

"A true feat considering how few I've made speechless."

Then they sat down, their knees touching each other. She either wearing a skirt or shorts because Zach could feel her smooth legs against his rough ones. Each time she leaned forward to grab some more food, her torso grazed his thighs and he always had to stop in the middle of his sentence and clear his throat as his heart stuttered.

When they were done eating, Sarah suggested they lie down and watch the sky. She got nervous when she realized the dilemma of her suggestion, but Zach reassured her.

"You can describe it to me."

They lay back down on the blanket. Zach was tall, so part of his head was on the grass. The sharp blades of grass tickled his skull and ears, so he shifted down. His hand touched Sarah's. He froze, refusing to move, to keep this moment of contact longer. Buster took a seat right next to his head, his thick fur tickling Zach's cheeks.

"Are you ready for the best verbal-visual experience of your life? Or VVE as we VVE-er's like to call it."

"Yup."

Sarah took a deep breath, to prepare herself. Then, she began talking. And everything she said was like an extra force of gravity propelling him towards her. As if nature's pull on him wasn't enough. As if she didn't hold this fundamental and foundation existence for him.

"The sky is baby blue. Well, a little darker. Like Mega Mind. Have you, uh, actually seen Mega Mind? You have? Okay, good. It's a Mega Mind type of blue. There is white that kind of streaks the sky--not like clouds but like actual white streaks. As for the clouds, they seem to be a little spicy today."

"Spicy?"

"Oh yeah. Muy caliente. In the corner, I either see a bunny humping a horse or a really angry man. I think it's the bunny humping a horse, but I could always be wrong."

Zach snorted. "I'm trying to visualize that but it's impossible."

"Don't strain yourself on that, it's not even the best one yet. The best one seems to be this girl twerking on what seems to be a hamster."

"Okay, you're so kidding."

Sarah gasped, affronted. "What the--excuse me sir, but I am not joking. I am being deadass."

"Oh yeah? Says who?"

"Says me. And since you can't check, that's all ya' got, buddy. So you want me to continue or not?"



Zach held his hand up. "Okay, okay, how about you describe the meadow to me. When Isaiah did it, it went something like: 'There's a fuckton of flowers bro and a shitton of grass. Oh, and there's a huge ass mountain ahead of us so if that shit falls down, we're really screwed. But it's all very lethargic and shit.'"

"Verbatim? He said that verbatim?"

"Verbatim."

She whistled. "He's the Robert Frost of our generation."

"Funny, that's what he claims."

Zach's head turned to the right, in her direction, his left hand resting over his chest. From the gust of air that fanned over his face, he knew her head faced his, too. He smells the salmon and asparagus they just ate on her breath. He didn't care. His hand was still touching hers.

"Can I ask you a question?" she whispered to him. He felt every syllable.

"Sure."

"Why are you whispering?" she giggled.

"Cause you whispered." He offered a half-smile, still whispering.

She gave a small giggle before stopping short. Her breathing was irregular. She shifted on the blanket; her knees bent so that they touched the top of his shins. She must be lying on her side, her whole body facing him.

"When did you become ... how did you ..." She stopped and swallowed. At first, he became nervous at her silence. Anything pertaining to his disability seemed to be off-limits. He hadn't known if she was waiting for him to address it. Or if she was uncomfortable with the topic and now wanted to act as if the issue didn't exist.

She took a deep breath, and Zach waited patiently for her to get the question out. "Were you always blind?"

"I was wondering when you'd ask that question," he murmured. He was actually shocked that it had taken this long. Sarah was curious by nature. Zach had prepared for this moment every night when he couldn't fall asleep with too much on his mind.

"I became blind when I was sixteen."

There's a pause, a gentle breath being held before it's expelled, with the words, "What happened?"

"It was an accident ... kind of just happened. One second I can see and the next, no eyes."

"Wait, what? You have eyes." Her hand hovered over them and he felt a soft touch near his eyebrow. Then it was gone. He resisted the urge to grab her hand to place it back there.

"I mean, yeah, but they're transplants. I've had three. All failed." He didn't mean to let the bitterness drip into his tone.

She didn't say anything and they both laid there. She must have moved closer, or perhaps he had subconsciously. Her arm was wedged between them, her front flush against the side profile of his body. He continued to lie flat on his back, his face turned now. He called upon all his senses in an attempt to find where she was. He used the feeling of her breath from both her mouth and nose. The light sound of her breathing. The warmth her body, her legs, and torso. Finally, he lifted his eyes to her. And from her reaction, he knew he'd aimed his gaze properly.

She gasped, her breath coming out harder. He couldn't gauge what type of gasp it was. Horror? Shock? Amazement? Disgust? Either way, he didn't have enough time to dwell on it because suddenly, she was leaning forward and pressing her lips to his.

He was startled at first. Shocked, really, since she'd told him that if he wanted a kiss, he would have to take initiative.

He shouldn't have been, though, knowing how spontaneous Sarah was. He also shouldn't have reacted the way he did, which was to flinch, their noses colliding in a painful way.

"Ow," she groaned, her body cringing. He jolted upright.

He wanted to slap himself so hard right now. Was it possible for a person to be this much of a colossal moron? "Oh God, I'm so sorry! I just--I didn't expect that."

She was still groaning. He wished he could do something--see if her nose was bleeding or if her eyes were watering. He was helpless, and an acidic feeling in his stomach started to burn its way into his throat.

"Are you okay?" he asked, trying to keep his panic at bay. It was moments like these that made his incessant self-loathing and anger resurface.

"I'm fine, I'm fine. But God, you have a strong nose. Which isn't a bad thing. In fact, it's a good thing. It makes you even more handsome. I just hadn't expected it to also feel so strong."

He wanted to make a joke to ease the awkwardness, but he couldn't. He was too lost and confused. He couldn't sense where she was, and he wanted to reach out and touch in her some way.

Perhaps his face showed this distress because the next second, she was reaching for him. Her arms wrapped around his neck and she moved herself to sit on his lap. He still hadn't gotten his bearings to fully process what was happening. His eyes were wide open and he was pretty sure his body is shaking.

Sarah placed both her hands on either side of his face, tilted it to the left, and leaned down. He felt plush velvet against his lips. It was light, but there. He tasted the aftermath of her lip balm--pomegranate. He was frozen for a second and simply let their lips stay pressed against each other.

She pulled herself back. "Kiss me," she whispered.

Then he was there. Right there with her. Wedging his lips between hers, not thinking, just acting. Just doing. Just committing to memory the way her hands glazed his face and neck and arms and back. Committing to memory the way her teeth nibbled and bit. Committing to memory the way her tongue teased and tickled.

Committing her to memory as he was sucked slowly, slowly, slowly, into this boundless vortex.

As the kiss progressed, Zach forgot everything. His whole being was consumed by her.

The way her hair felt when he entwined his fingers into her curls, or how the strands ran through his fingers smoothly. The way her nails scratched the back of his neck as if begging for more. (He easily complied.) The way she cradled his head like he was a precious artifact. The way she moaned when their tongues touched, and she pushed her whole body deeper into him as if they could sink into each other. Melt into one another. Consume one another . The way she pressed her cheeks against his as he kissed the side of her face, down her neck, to the hollow spot on her collarbone, wanting more of her. The way her thumb brushed his cheeks, swiping back and forth, back and forth, near the corner of his eyes, electrifying him.

Consume one another He was so consumed by this moment that he barely recalled asking her to be his girlfriend. All he knew was he felt Sarah's smile against the shell of his ear as she whispered: "Fina-fucking-ly. What took you so damn long?"



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





7.1 | Study Dates and Movie Nights


SEVEN

SEVEN ♛

SARAH HAD THE attention span of a walnut, which was to say she didn't have one at all. She was completely incapable of studying.

SARAH HAD THE They'd been here for six hours. Six hours holed up in an abandoned corner of the fourth floor—the no-talking floor—of the university library, with their laptops and notebooks displayed in disarray in front of them. Six hours in which Sarah spent only twenty-minutes studying.

only Those twenty minutes included the following: Sarah taking out her laptop. Banging the keys of said laptop when it wouldn't wake up fast enough. Grabbing one, two, three, four journals, stacking them perfectly before grabbing one and placing the other three back in her bag. Setting a massive pencil pouch on the table. Organizing all the pens and pencils in order of most favorite to least, then subcategorizing from most to least used colors. Opening the chosen journal to write a heading in beautiful bold calligraphy: The Iliad Notes . Pulling up Safari, clicking on eCampus, typing in her credentials, and checking her assignment list. Getting annoyed by the length of this assignment list. Closing out of eCampus and pulling up Pinterest instead.

one, two, three, four The Iliad Notes That was it.

That was the extent of Sarah's twenty minutes of studying.

Zach, on the other hand, was meticulously typing on his braille laptop. He wore wireless headphones as he listened to his textbook on his tablet, alternating between notetaking and completing his assignments. He'd finished three chapters in his Quantum Mechanics book and was beginning the fourth when Sarah interrupted him. She placed her hand over his, halting his typing, and he took out an earpiece, pausing the audio.

"Oh my Gosh, look at this. It's a silver dress, v-cut, floor-length, simple bodice but a shimmery skirt. It has a silk underskirt with mesh on top. It looks so elegant. Don't you like the sound of it? Doesn't it seem so cute? Mary will definitely like it if I wore that to the bridal shower. Should I do silver, though? Or gold? Oh, they even have a forest green . What do you think, Zach?"

so so forest green Zach had to suppress a deep groan. Although he found Sarah's antics to be endearing, having the same question thrown at him over and over again was getting exhausting. Besides, how should he know what she would look good in? He didn't even know if he was pouring milk or water in his cereal sometimes.

he know "Well," he began, trying his best to keep his voice soft and supportive. "Which color do you like the most?"

She hummed. "Hm, well, I think I like the gold. Compliments my skin. But it feels like I'm playing it safe, and that's boring. I hate being boring. I know the theme is silver and beige, but do I really want to match with the balloons? Forest green...that could work." Then she groaned loudly and threw her hands up. Someone shushed her but she ignored them. "Babe, can you just pick for me?"

hate match Enie-meenie-miney-moe , Zach hummed to himself. He completed the nursery rhyme in a fast second and responded, "Green. Do the forest green."

Enie-meenie-miney-moe She grew silent and then she sighed, content. "You're so amazing." She kissed his cheek, and he smiled. "Thanks, babe."

Her gratitude made the frustration worth it. He placed his hand on her thigh, leaning towards her to touch his nose to her hair as she happily typed in her billing information. Then, he went back to his work.

A month. It had been a month since Sarah and Zach became boyfriend and girlfriend, three months since they started dating. They began a routine quickly after their fifth date, the one that finalized their relationship.



Zach had classes in the morning, Sarah slept in. Sarah had classes in the afternoon, Zach had research and office hours. There was no way they could meet Tuesdays and Thursdays; those were Sarah's days to babysit her younger brother Micah. Mondays they would meet up for dinner, Sarah coming by with whatever take out she was craving. They would eat on Zach's bed, much to Isaiah's dismay at being left out. After dinner, they would either make out, cuddle as Sarah caught up with whatever Korean drama she was watching at the time, or banter.

Zachariah preferred the cuddling. He didn't understand a lick of Korean and was always lost when Sarah gushed, laughed, cried, or gasped at the screen, despite her explaining everything in abrupt sentences, but he didn't mind. He was content just to hold her. With the way her plump body fit perfectly against his. With wrapping his left arm around her midsection, the weight of her breasts resting on his forearm, a comfortable pressure. His other arm circled under her; her head nestled at his armpit. He'd either nuzzle into her neck or press his check against hers.

That was his favorite—pressing his cheek into hers. When he did that, he could feel her every word. Feel the vibration of them, as if it was he who spoke. He loved it.

Sarah, on the other hand, preferred the making out, which Zach didn't object to. He enjoyed the press of her lips, the dance of their tongues, and the touch of their hands on each other's bodies. But sometimes, when they got too into it, he would become overwhelmed.

Overwhelmed with the lack of control and over-stimulation that consumed him. The way she smelled, the pull of his hair, the scratch of her nails down his back, the circle of her hips as she attempted to alleviate the pressure that was building in both of them.

And the sounds. The suction of lips and tongues, the whimpers that pushed into his mouth and washed over his face, the creaks of the bed as they writhed and bounced on it, the heavy breathing as they tried to absorb into one another.

When this happened, when he would feel this electrocution of sensation, he'd first try to calm down. She was this storm that haphazardly flung its lightening, unknowingly striking him. She was thunderous and sudden and disorienting, and at some point, when he couldn't weather her, he would have to pull away, apologizing, regretful.

The first two times he stopped, he'd felt her frustration. He felt it in the way she sighed, her muscles tensing instantly at the rejection. It wasn't until the third time that she finally said something.

"Is it me? Do you...do you not like my body? The way I feel? 'Cause I'm fat?"

Her words had been vicious, laced with malice and resentment. He frowned.

He hadn't intended to make her feel that way, to make her feel as if she weren't the most perfect person to him.

He was just inexperienced. Virgin Boy, that's what Isaiah called him, and the name encumbered the truth.

"No—God, no," Zach sputtered. He knew Sarah was insecure about her weight. She'd told him that much the first time he tried to put his arms around her as they cuddled. "I—I just..."

"You just what?" she'd snapped. There was a pain in her voice. They must've burned with unshed tears. His heart, which was already beating frantically, contorted in sheer panic.

"I'm a virgin," he boomed. The three words echoed in his room, bouncing off his four walls. They taunted him as they faded in his ears. Then, he was met with silence. He clenched his jaw, and his hands curl into a fist, short nails piercing into the skin of his palm.

Clearly, that wasn't what she had expected, and she told him as much. She explained then that those weren't the words she thought she would hear coming from him. She'd expected degrading sentences like, "Well, if you would just go to the gym a little, then maybe..." or perhaps a, "I mean, there's thick but you're just..." Those were the phrases she'd heard before. The ones, she said, that refused to leave her mind.

thick

Then she told him that it was okay that he was a virgin, that they could take it at whatever pace he wanted. That she didn't want to make him uncomfortable. He appreciated that.

But this was new territory for both of them. Clearly Sarah wasn't used to leading, much less insisting on sexual experiences. Zach was nowhere near used to even experiencing anything sexual save for the companionship he had with his right hand.

experiencing He felt emasculated that night. Stripped of his pride as he laid bare a part of himself. A piece of the puzzle that was him that he'd hoped to hide, to somehow manifest when the time came.

Even though he didn't want to, he had asked her to leave, to give him some time. She too was resistant to the thought, insisting that she should stay and they should talk. But after a while, after too many times in which her words were with met silence, she gave up. She got out of bed, brushed her lips against his, and went home.

They had yet to talk about it since. Every time they were together and things escalated to the point where Zach would feel sweaty, his body shaking, his pulse racing, they'd stop. He'd stop, really, and she would sigh, quiet and soft, disappointed but understanding.

But today, as they sat there studying—well, Zach studying, Sarah now watching a skincare tutorial—he was convinced that tonight was the night. Tonight was the night he would take their relationship to the next level.

Tonight, he would touch her boobs. Her bare, naked, luscious boobs.

"Y'know what I find weird?" Sarah whispered, taking out an earbud from Zach's ears so he could hear her. He turned his head towards her, and she rested her chin on his shoulder, her arms wrapped loosely around him.

"What?"

"I think it's weird that you're a math major and yet all you work with is the alphabet. Your screen looks like my six-year-old brother's homework."

"Maybe I should get him to solve this problem, then. I'm really struggling here."

"What about me?" she pouted. "I'm good with letters."

"Yeah? Do you want to solve this derivation of the partition function with respect to the entropic state of a particle of water?"

She shook her head against his shoulder. "Y'know what babe, I think you're underestimating yourself. I think you got this. I want you to have the satisfaction of solving it all by yourself, not with handouts."

you "Yeah? You don't even wanna give it a shot?"

"Aw, c'mon, I don't wanna deprive you of the gratification. Of the pride from solving this problem all on your own."

"Damn, so you won't even give me a hint?"

"Hm, well," she began, now running a hand through his hair. "Okay, I can give you a hint. H-two-double-O."

Zach tilted his head, perplexed. "Hydrogen peroxide? Did you mean H-two-O? Water?"

"Yup, that's what I meant and that's your hint."

Zach pursed his lips to keep his smile at bay. "So, your hint to me is the very same compound I'm meant to do a derivation on."

"Yessir-y Bob."

"Wow. How...helpful."

"You're welcome." She placed a kiss on the corner of his mouth before turning back to her video. He was sure by now she had an Amazon cart filled with skincare products she definitely didn't need.

definitely Zach went back to his work, typing away on his braille keyboard. He alternated between listening to the audiobook and listening to what he typed on his tablet to ensure accuracy on his assignment.

It wasn't until he was halfway done with his sixth, and final, problem that Sarah got up from her seat.

"Uh, hey, can we head out now?" she asked. She was already packing her bag, the zipper coming undone, the metal clasps clinking together. The motions were frantic and choppy. Zach pinched his brows together.

"What? Head out now? Is everything okay." His motions were much calmer and composed. She grunted, as if to reassure him. The sound failed in serving its purpose because Zach was getting sweaty. "Are you sure babe? Everything good?"

"Yeah, yeah." Her words were tight, strained even. Zach didn't have to see to know that she was lying, that something had triggered this sudden reaction from her, making her want to run away. For now, he wouldn't press. He would pack up his belongings, grab her hand, cane, and dog, and walk out.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. ♛

edited 08.31.20

edited 08.31.20 hi hello another chapter. this one took me all day to write (im rewatching the mentalist so im hella distracted)

hi hello another chapter. this one took me all day to write (im rewatching the mentalist so im hella distracted) this chapter very much was a set up and get to know you chapter. same with the next one. stuff gets much juicer from chapter 10 onwards.

this chapter very much was a set up and get to know you chapter. same with the next one. stuff gets much juicer from chapter 10 onwards. if you enjoyed reading this please consider commenting and voting <3

if you enjoyed reading this please consider commenting and voting <3 thank you for reading xx

thank you for reading xx





7.2 | Study Dates and Movie Nights


"I'm sorry about that," she murmured once they were outside. Her hand was clammy against his. Her pulse was pounding, thrumming, against the veins of her wrist. He could feel it beating in his palm and he brushed his thumb over it, a gesture that was meant to calm her.

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah, yeah." She cleared her throat and shook her head, the loose strand of her long hair hitting his arm. "It's just, uh, I saw someone I used to know."

"Oh? Who?"

"An ex."

Zach puckered his lips before mouthing, "Oh." He didn't say anything else.

He didn't know much about Sarah's past, just as she didn't know much about his. All the things he knew had been bits and pieces, ideas of how her relationships had panned out; the outcomes, really. Out of sheer jealousy, he never asked her to expand—he didn't want to know which boyfriend taught her how to kiss, or touch another man in that way that made Zach's skin ignite.

As Thomas Gray wrote, ignorance is bliss, and Zach wanted to be blissed the fuck out, rather than stressed the fuck out.

She continued to explain, almost as if she were to speaking her thoughts out loud. "He and I dated in my freshmen year. He was my longest relationship."

"How long?" Zach asked, the words tumbling out before he could stop himself.

And then there was Ben Jonson who wrote that curiosity killed the cat and fuck, if that car crash hadn't killed Zach, he was sure his inquisitive thoughts would.

"Six months."

Six months , Zach thought, his heart pinching. Her longest relationship was how long it took for him to figure out how to get from his apartment to campus without a single misstep.

Six months "If you don't mind me asking, why did y'all break up?"

He worried when she didn't respond immediately. He worried even more when she let go of his hand to do something. To either wipe it on her jeans, wring her hands together nervously, or to run them through her hair.

"It was just ... it was hard to ... y'know." She sniffed, stalling. "He made me feel like ... like I was choking. Like I was caged." Once again, she shook her head. "I didn't like it, feeling like I was something to have . I wanted to be ... valued."

have But Zach still felt lost. He needed more details. How had he made her feel caged? Was it the way he treated her? Or was it the idea of commitment?

He didn't have the heart to ask her, or perhaps he just didn't want to know the answer in fear of what it might be. This time he was able to suppress the question with a painful bite on his tongue.

Regardless, they continued to walk in silence, and it was only once they entered his apartment building that she grasped his hand again.

What if she broke up with him because he wanted more? What if he became suffocating ? What did it mean to Sarah to be suffocating? They were in a relationship. Being in a relationship meant a push-and-pull, a give-and-take. What was the metric, though? How was he meant to quantify those boundary limits for that type of mutual exchange?

suffocating His thoughts were strained, anxiety settling in his bones, and wasn't until they entered his apartment that her mood, and subsequently his, took a turn for the better.

"Isaiah, what's for lunch?" she called the second she entered the threshold. She was clearly excited to see her new friend. Although they squabbled like kindergartners, Isaiah and Sarah enjoyed one another's company.



"He's not home," Zach replied, kneeling down to take off Buster's harness. The dog nudged at him, happy, and licked his owner's face. Zach smiled and rubbed his ears.

"Not home? Why?" Sarah asked, making herself comfortable. She'd already dropped her bag onto the floor. She opened the fridge, grabbed the pitcher of freshly-squeezed orange juice that Isaiah always kept stock in the house. She reached into the cupboard, the one that was three feet to the left of the oven and grabbed a glass cup.

It was a Saturday afternoon, which meant Isaiah should be home from playing soccer. He had a strict ritual that he refused to deviate from. Every Saturday morning, he would wake up, go to Taco Bell for breakfast, come home, and work on data filtration. At exactly 11 a.m. Isaiah would lace up his cleats, throw on his Arsenal jersey, one he got signed by Thierry Henry, and head out. After soccer, he was back at his apartment, sweaty, stinky, but hungry, and would usually make himself, and his roommate, a hearty meal.

Now that Sarah was in the equation, he also made food for her, too. Not that he minded, Isaiah said. He found cooking bigger portions to be easier.

But this Saturday, Isaiah was not home. He hadn't been home this morning after Taco Bell, nor for his soccer game. No, Isaiah hadn't been home the last three days because Isaiah flew back to Texas to take care of his mother. His very lonely, very mournful, mother.

Today would be the fourth anniversary of Isaiah's older brother's, Fuad's, death.

No, not death. Suicide.

"He's just not home this weekend. He had something important to do, I think. I can't remember." Zach grabbed a banana from the bowl that was set exactly one inch from the corner of the kitchen island.

"Aw man, I really wanted to eat some of his food. I guess I'll just make something before we start our movie marathon."

Zach groaned. "Eugh, we're doing that again ."

again She was probably glaring at him. "Yes, again. We're gonna keep on doing this until you watch all the movies."

all " All the movies like all the movies in the world, or all the movies like all the movies you want me to watch."

All all you "Whichever helps you sleep at night."

"Neither of those ideas do," he muttered to himself. She threw something at him—it felt and smelt like a peanut—making it evident that she heard him.

"Okay, you go shower, I'm gonna try and not make something shitty, and then you better get your ass on that couch, ready to watch Something Borrowed ."

Something Borrowed " Something Borrowed ? What the hell did they even borrow?"

Something Borrowed "Obviously something."

♛





"I don't get it. How can she call herself a real friend if she can treat Rachel like that?" Zach scoffed when the movie ended. He sat with his arms folded across his chest, Sarah's head on his lap.

"It is what it is," Sarah drawled, letting out a big yawn. "I mean, think about it though: Rachel cheated with Darcy's fiancé. That's her best friend."

her "But Rachel and Dex were meant to be together. Plus, she liked him first. Darcy is just too freakin' selfish."

meant Sarah snorted. "Oh please, 'meant to be together'? This whole concept of soulmates is bullshit."

Zach's eyebrows shot up. "You think?"

Sarah now adjusted herself, leaning against Zach. Her back was pressed to his front but twisted her head to face him. "Yeah. Of course they don't exist. And if they do, the likelihood of actually meeting them is slim to none. Let's say there's one perfect person on this made for you, right? How do you know they existed while you were alive? What if your soulmate was alive in the 1800s? Better yet, if they're alive now, how the fuck do you know you'll be able to meet them. The earth is pretty fuckin' big."

"I'd like to think that if mine existed, she would have been a Spanish princess," Zach teased dreamily. Sarah exhaled a bubble of laughter.

"Yeah, well I'm pretty sure mine is—would have been—a king. So suck on that."

Zach just smiled and patted her hair. He too didn't believe in soulmates, but for different reasons.

Prior to meeting Sarah, Zach didn't really care for the concept of love. Perhaps out of a defense mechanism, a means to salve his pride.

Sure, he knew the feeling existed. He wasn't like Isaiah who completely abhorred the feeling. Zach knew he loved his family—at least, his mother and father. But the love between two people in a romantic way? He just didn't buy into it. He saw his parents. They were happy together. In love? Definitely not.

knew he But then Sarah came along and she set him on fire. Her words were the kindled woods, her touch the spark, and her existence the resulting eruption of flames.

She made his heart beat fast, his body trill in joy, and his soul yearn. He always wanted to be around her, to have himself centered by her essence, her existence.

Did he think she was his soulmate? No. Because the idea that there was only one perfect person out there in the world for someone didn't make sense to him. How could he believe in soulmates when he knew that he would never be someone's perfect half? When he was not good enough, didn't have enough, to be?

But he was enough for Sarah—to be with her and find happiness in her. At least, he hoped that was the case.

"Do you believe in soul mates?" Sarah asked. Zach shook his head.

"Nope. Being with someone that's right for you just means you two are trying to make it work. The idea of a soulmate means you have to be the perfect complement, the yin to their yang. But we're all just people, being ourselves, not the opposite of anyone. Just us, and we live our lives as such hoping someone can take that."

Sarah giggled and moaned. "God, I love it when you explain things to me."

And with that, he let her possess him. Mind, body, heart, and soul. He was hers.

And hopefully, she was his.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





8.1 | The Therapist and Her (Normal) Patient


EIGHT

EIGHT ♛

ZACH HATED THURSDAY afternoons.

ZACH HATED THURSDAY "I didn't know you see a therapist," Sarah commented as they made their way down the sidewalk. The crisp autumn air was a cool welcome as the bright sun beat down on them. Sarah had chosen to wear a long sleeve top, one that was a size too big. Zach could feel the frayed material scratch his arm. Even if it was uncomfortable and itchy, he enjoyed having her hold onto him like this.

"Yeah, I've been seeing one for eight years."

"Since your accident?" She whispered the last word as if it were taboo. As if it were a secret, a hidden truth that neither she nor Zach could speak on.

Which was somewhat accurate. Since they'd started dating, Zach had failed to explain precisely what happened that night.

He knew she had tried to get more information out of Isaiah. Although the Somali had the fidelity of King Henry VIII, he was loyal as hell to his friends and family.

"Since my accident," he reaffirmed. She tightened her grip on his forearm, reassuring him.

He wanted to tell her what happened. To divulge the sequence of events that he could remember, and even the ones he couldn't. The ones that his father told him later, on someone's behalf—the coward's behalf. The one that didn't mean for this to happen, for something so tragic to occur, but it had.

It was hard for Zach to speak about it. It was hard to get the words out, to relive one of the most painful experiences of his life, both physically and psychologically. He'd only spoken about the entirety of the accident, about what had happened, three times in his life. All three recounts had been to his therapists. One in Texas, and two here, in Massachusetts.

It frustrated him, how damaged he seemed to be over what happened. He tried to overcome it. His therapist in Texas, Jenny Unger, asked him to write out the events of that night in a journal. Apparently, manifestation of thoughts and experience allowed for introspection and self-discovery or some shit like that.

He attempted to do it once after she'd suggested it six times. It had been futile since the only words he could write down were:

IT WAS SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20TH AND WE WERE DRIVING.

IT WAS SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20TH AND WE WERE DRIVING. IT WAS SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20TH AND WE WERE DRIVING. That was all he could muster before giving up, enraged and shivering with an unbidden sadness. He didn't even know how the words looked on the page. Whether the sequence of words was straight or crooked, or if the letters were spaced properly or stacked on top of one another. All he knew was that it wasn't fair. It just fucking wasn't.

As he got older, he thought it would get better. That he wouldn't be as affected, as tethered down, to the events of that night. Time heals, right? Wasn't seven—eight—years enough?

Apparently not.

Before Sarah, he'd never had anyone he wanted to tell about that night. No one asked him the details of how he became blind, just why he was.

how why Then she'd asked him, her face burrowed in his neck, prodding for an answer that was more than what he usually gave, as they laid in his bed that Sunday evening, just before she would sneak back to her house.

"So, what exactly happened to make you blind?"

Simple question, a valid question, that was spoken in less than three seconds. And yet, it felt like he was being asked to do an impossible Laplace Transform in his head.

When he'd opened his mouth to explain, to divulge those events, he couldn't. He tried to push past it, but the words were stuck in his throat. For the life of him, he couldn't string together a verbal way to relay the events of that night. The second he told himself he would do it, his mind instantly blanked.



It was like drowning, knowing that if only he could swim up, break the surface for a fraction of a second, flail his arms and legs just hard enough, he could breathe. But the pressure forced him to sink lower and lower and no matter if he wanted to fight through, he couldn't .

wanted couldn't It was stupid. It made him feel weak, even more damaged than he already was. Sarah had been understanding, brushing her thumb over his frown and creased eyebrows.

"It's okay," she'd consoled, the corner of her mouth lifted. When he didn't smile back, she forced him to, shaping his lips up with her fingers.

She hadn't asked him about it since. He knew she wanted to. He could hear it in her voice when he mentioned a doctor's appointment or went shopping for new sunglasses with Isaiah. She was being uncharacteristically patient about it, and he appreciated that.

In fact, her patience made him feel revered. As if he was so special to her that she'd exercise a habit and control she wasn't accustomed to.

"We're close," he informed Sarah. He could smell the hallmark cinnamon sugar pretzel that Bono Bakery sold, which meant he was just two blocks away.

"It's just gonna be a moment, right? She just wants to get a look at me?"

Zach nodded. "Yeah. You'll be back in time for Micah. She just wants to see my Sarah."

"Your Sarah?" she teased. "Now I'm your Sarah? "

your " "I would say the Sarah, but it's a really common name."

the "Uh, excuse me. Even if it was a common name, I am the one, the only, Sarah."

was "Like the Notorious B.I.G."

She slapped his arm. " Exactly . The Notorious S.A.R.A.H."

Exactly "That doesn't flow, though."

"Oh, look at you, rhyming."

"They say I spit bars." Sarah snorted, the concept of Zachariah rapping too funny. He grunted, affronted by her reaction. "What? I do—I could ."

could "Of course, you can do anything."

Despite his sunglasses, he glared at her. "Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit."

"Say that to my 133 IQ score."

"137. Beat that."

She harumphed. "This isn't Hot Wheels. It's not a competition."

He bent his head and kissed her temple. "Sorry. We're both smart."

"Yes, and since I'm the Sarah, we must apply a correction factor of 1.05."

the "That would put you at a 138 or 139."

She nodded. "Ergo, I'm smarter."

"Yes, of course," he sighed. "You're smarter."

"Good thing you admitted it before we got into a real fight, huh," she mumbled.

"Dodged a bullet," he whistled. She pushed her shoulder against his, giggling.

The reality was that they never fought. Not seriously, at least. Just disagreements. Like how Sarah didn't like using the dishwasher and instead preferred her plates and cutlery hand washed. Or how Zach had to always wear socks, even if he was sleeping, and it drove Sarah insane when they napped. She hated the rough material rubbing against her bare legs.

had But when it came to things that bothered them...well, they never addressed it. Zach tried to. Like when she didn't text and call him for three days last weekend because she'd been on a girls' trip with her friends. Zach later found out that this girls' trip wasn't really a girls only trip. There had been guys at the beach house they rented. Lots of guys, if the reaction Isaiah had from seeing her Instagram post was any indication.

really only

He'd asked her about it, and she brushed it off. It wasn't a big deal. She had told him that she was leaving with her friends for the weekend. It wasn't her fault that he didn't remember.

told But he had remembered. He just hadn't known a weekend trip meant no access to her cellphone. Or vague descriptions of what happened during her time there.

"Her office is on the left, four doors from the entrance. Room 109." But he was already maneuvering her, his hand gliding along the wall until it reaches that cold familiar handle.

"I hope she likes me," Sarah mumbled before he turned the knob.

"Of course she will. Who doesn't like you?"

"My parents." She clicked her tongue and Zach patted the hand that rested on his forearm. Her parents were intense.

Very intense.

Dr. Brooke was waiting for them the second they entered. "Good afternoon, Zach. And, oh, you must be Sarah." Dr. Brooke's trademark heels clicked against the tiled floor as she made her way towards them. "Nice to meet you."

Sarah let go of Zach. "Nice to meet you, too."

"It's lovely to see you. Zach talks a lot about you, and I just wanted to have a face to face with you. Put a picture to the name, so to speak."

Wouldn't I love that , Zach thought bitterly.

Wouldn't I love that "Yes, of course." There was a pause—an awkward one. "Well, uh, if that's it, I'll be going. Gotta take care of my younger brother."

"Yes of course. Thank you for stopping by."

Sarah leaned forward and Zach instantly leaned down, putting his hand on her shoulder so he knew exactly where to bend his face. They kissed, just a peck, and she whispered her goodbye before leaving.

Zach stood there, Buster panting by his feet, waiting at attention to move into the familiar room where his harness would be off, and he'd be able to rest on the ottoman near the window. Zach waited for Dr. Brookes to say something, but when she stayed silent for twenty long seconds, he broke.

long "So," he enunciated, "what did you think?"

"Definitely didn't fit the picture I had in mind."

Dr. Brooke didn't say the words in any particular way. There was no malice, no judgment in her tone. Just a statement. A manifestation of an observation. Yet, he couldn't help but be offended.

"There's nothing wrong with what she looks like."

Dr. Brooke gave an irksome response. "Although you are very right, you do realize that there's no weight in what you say because it's you who's saying it."

because "Yes," Zach bit out. "Now can we start?"

Dr. Brooke was a good therapist. She was good at listening. She was good at responding. She was also the most qualified therapist in all of Boston, hence the high price tag that came with sitting on her sofa.

But she was also a non-nonsense, straightforward bitch. Not because she was a woman that was intelligent or assertive. No, she was a bitch because she, like life, bitch slapped Zach in the face with the reality of his existence.

bitch A reality she patronized him with as if he didn't know. As if he wasn't aware of his issues.

He was aware. He just didn't want to do anything about it. His lack of action frustrated her, and her insistence on repeating the same advice over and over again frustrated him.

Their relationship was a perfectly elastic pendulum. A back and forth that swung with the same acceleration and landed at the same place every single damn time.

When he left his first appointment with Dr. Brooke, he'd hated her. He hated her more than he hated pineapple pizza. Within ten minutes of him just talking, she had sized him up. Her accuracy, the bluntness of her retorts, were like blows to his already non-existent ego.

He'd begged his mom to let him switch. To get another one. The one he'd had before her had moved, and that's what prompted his mother to look for another therapist with such short notice. His mother wouldn't acquiesce and instead insisted that he try her out for a few more sessions. He would grow to like her, she claimed.

But after three sessions, Zach still wanted to get away from Dr. Brooke. He asked his mother, whined and pleaded. He'd promised to go to not just one, but two sessions a week if she'd just get rid of Dr. Brooke. His mother hadn't relented. The agreement for him to go to Boston was that he was to have a therapist of his mother's choice, and he would go those appointments every week without fail.

still two His mother liked Dr. Brooke. She liked her direct response, her serious analytic assessments, and her style of helping. Since Ms. Unger, his previous therapist in Texas, and Mr. Boyde, his first therapist in Boston, hadn't been able to change Zachariah in the way his mother wanted, she decided hiring a therapist that had a different approach would hopefully work better.

change Neither had worked thus far. Neither. Because Zach wasn't a marionette, and his mom sure as hell wasn't his marionettist. She might think she pulled all his strings, but Zach was just trying to get by until he finished his masters and got a job and could live on his own. Without the need for his parent's money.

his think

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. ♛





edited 08.31.20

edited 08.31.20 welp another chapter. i have massive writer burn out because i realized I've written 50,000 words in the last week between two different stories (20,000 words for this one, and 30,000 words for my contemporary ya that hasn't been posted).

welp another chapter. i have massive writer burn out because i realized I've written 50,000 words in the last week between two different stories (20,000 words for this one, and 30,000 words for my contemporary ya that hasn't been posted). anyways, i know this chapter is not as action packed but it's meant to establish a better understanding of who zach is and how he behaves and thinks. the next two chapters are going to be all Sarah and Zach. chapter ten is gonna be pretty steamy whereas chapter nine is gonna be more romantic and poetic. nine is already written, just have to re-write it, but ten i have to write from scratch. weee

anyways, i know this chapter is not as action packed but it's meant to establish a better understanding of who zach is and how he behaves and thinks. the next two chapters are going to be all Sarah and Zach. chapter ten is gonna be pretty steamy whereas chapter nine is gonna be more romantic and poetic. nine is already written, just have to re-write it, but ten i have to write from scratch. weee anyways, i hope you guys enjoyed this chapter. if you did, please vote & even tell me what you thought :)

anyways, i hope you guys enjoyed this chapter. if you did, please vote & even tell me what you thought :) with love, sab xx

with love, sab xx





8.2 | The Therapist and Her (Normal) Patient


"So how are you doing today, Zachariah?" Dr. Brooke asked once they were situated. When Zach first came into her office, he'd asked to feel around, to get a sense of the room. To be able to orient himself at a moment's notice, if needed.

There was a desk on the north-facing wall with a vase and two picture frames. There was a pencil and pad in front of the vase. Next to that desk was the ottoman, with a large window. Probably a floor to ceiling, but Zach had never confirmed. On the west wall were pictures. They were high up, but Zach was tall enough to the bottom of the frame's brims. There were three, the center one wider than the two on its side. He assumed it was a montage. The south wall was empty. That was where the door was. And the east wall had her desk. The center of the room had an L-shaped couch. A coffee table separated that from Dr. Brooke's love seat.

He'd almost tripped two times during that investigation. He hated her haphazard carpeting.

"I'm doing great, Dr. Brooke, how are you?" Zach asked, keeping his voice quaint and pleasant. He was faking it, but wasn't that what life was about? Fake it 'til you make it?

"No need to inquire about my personal life every time, Zach. This is your time."

"Yup."

"So," she shifted in her seat. "How has your self-esteem been lately?"

That was her favorite question. How was his self-esteem? She always asked him that, and he always behaved in a deprecating manner. Dr. Brooke claimed it was to hide his pain. He said it was just to put a comedic spin on the truth. But these last few sessions, he'd had no need to. He had Sarah.

"Great. I feel great about myself. I'm happy. Sarah and I have been going around the city, trying new things, like you always nagged me to do. So yeah, I'm great—it's great."

"Yeah? How do you feel when you're alone?"

Zach resisted the urge to roll his eyes. "Great. As I said before, I'm great."

"That's ... great." Another shift in her seat. "And are you having any struggles recently? Last time I remember you talking about you were having trouble with opening yourself up sexually. How's that going?"

Why had I told her that ? Zach thought to himself, closing his eyes. He'd admitted in a moment of frustration. Just before that session, Sarah had coerced him into receiving a blow job and it had ended in a humiliating and somewhat premature orgasm.

Why had I told her that Normally, he would vent to Isaiah about this stuff, but for some reason, Zach didn't feel comfortable enough to do that. The idea of revealing deeply intimate, and admittedly mortifying, details about his relationship to any man alive made Zach nauseous.

"That's all fine now," Zach bit out.

Dr. Brooke sighed. There's a soft thud as if she'd place her pen down onto the desk, or perhaps the notepad. She leaned forward; her voice more clear, softer even. "Zach, I am not your enemy. I know you think I am—"

"—I do not ."

not "I know," she continued, emphasizing her words, "that you think I think I know better. But that's not it. I just offer a new perspective, one that comes from many , many years of studying and practicing my profession. I want to help you. But I can't help you unless you talk to me.

think many many want "You've been my client for over a year now, and although I pride myself in patience, I'm starting to get upset. You're the only patient that has sat down on this couch, time and time again, and refused to open up to me or take advice that's very much solicited."

"I do open up to you," he protested, clenching his jaws and balling his fist at his side. "I tell you things."

"Simply mentioning an event or two doesn't mean you've opened up to me. I know you frequently lie about your feelings." Dr. Brooke released a heavy sigh. "I want to help you. Do you believe me? When I say that, do you believe that I want to help you?"

know want

Of course, Zach believed it. She was a therapist, with a PhD, who for years studied how the human mind worked and processed emotions and feelings. Granted, there was a limitation to how much of the mind could be accessed and understood, but within that frame of knowledge, Dr. Brooke clearly strived to understand to the best of her ability.

But Zach could guarantee that out of all the studies she'd done, from all the patients she had, she'd never had one that was a blind man in the prime of his life. She might understand the way the human brain worked, but he was different.

She, just like everyone but Sarah, didn't understand him.

but "Yes," Zach grumbled after a heartbeat. "Yes, I know you want to help me. I'm sorry."

They had this conversation about once every quarter. And once every quarter, Zach would feel guilty, open up, and Dr. Brooke, excited to learn more, to understand more about him, would offer plenty of suggestions and assignments. Would Zach do them? No. But at least he heard them, right?

♛





As Zach neared apartment 404, he knew that Isaiah had a bunch of friends over at their place.

"You brought the dip, right?"

Zach nodded, holding up a plastic bag. "Creamy spinach from Daniel's ."

Daniel's Isaiah moaned. "Fuck yes, I've been craving this shit all day."

"Then why didn't you go to the store?"

His roommate cackled as if the suggestion was ridiculous. "My advisor just told me I have a presentation with research donors in three fucking days , and I haven't done shit."

research donors three fucking days Zach raised an eyebrow and motioned to the noise coming from the living room. He could hear five individual voices, four of which were familiar and one that was new. "And what is this?"

"This is blowing off steam. We're having a Smash competition."

"Ah, very productive."

Isaiah placed a bowl down and began to pour in chips. "Suck it. I've been staring at fucking graphs all day , I gotta blow off steam." Then he stopped pouring and twisted his body in Zach's direction. "You don't mind, right?"

day Zach quickly shook his head. "No, no of course. I'll join y'all once I change. Should I keep Buster in my room?"

"Nah, he can come chill with us."

Zach nodded and then went into his room, undoing Buster's harness. The relieved dog immediately shook his fur before leaping onto Zach's bed, pawing around before settling into the comfortable plush that was pressed against the wall.

He changed from his jeans and a flannel to basketball shorts and a plain white cotton undershirt. He grabbed his phone, responded to a text that Sarah had sent ("I'm home") before running his hand through his hair and making his way to the sofa with the guys.

Isaiah's friends weren't bad. Zach liked at least two of them, Jamal and Hendrix. Those two were also roommates, and when Zach and Isaiah had first moved to Boston, they'd become fast friends. Jamal was just like Isaiah, a funny guy that seemed to draw girls effortlessly. Hendrix was funnier than Isaiah, but his humor was darker and more sarcastic.

two The other two, Mario and Yin, were nice, but they made Zach feel outrageously uncomfortable. They were careful about every single word they uttered in front of Zach, unaware that their caution made him uncomfortable.

him The last person there, the fifth one, was someone Zach didn't know. He was seated on the other side of the couch Zach sat on.

"Yo, I'm Niveen," the man introduced himself. Zach smiled and waved.

"Zach."

Contrary to popular belief, blind people liked video games. Before Zach was blind, he was a video-game connoisseur. He studied the storylines, hidden plot points, and all the character traits. It was video games that transformed Zach and Isaiah's relationship from simple friendship to one of true brotherhood.

Even now that Zach was blind, he still knew what was going on. That was due to many hours on YouTube and having Isaiah narrate what different sounds associated with different combos and actions meant. So as Zach sat there and listened to Hendrix kick Yin's ass, he was laughing right along with everyone else.

The four guys, they were used to it. They were used to the eerie way in which Zach could understand and pick up on things that they thought he wouldn't be able to pick up on. However, the new guy, Niveen, wasn't.

wouldn't "Yo, how did you know that was a Triforce Slash?" the guy asked.

"Oh, uh, the sounds." It was obvious. Audio was critical in video games, regardless if someone was visually impaired. Often times taking notice of a slight sound—a shift in the wind or the crackle of the leaves—could allow a player to have the upper hand in battle. It was how Isaiah won $500, with Zach's help, during a Fortnite competition last year.

"Word? That fuckin' cool dude. Being blind must not be so bad after all, huh?"

Hendrix, who sat right next to Zach, whistled. "A little ballsy to say that, don't you think Nivy? I mean, I can rip your eyes out and you can tell me if it's not so bad after all."

"I mean, I'm just sayin'—"

"Then don't say. Keep your mouth shut if you don't know shit. Silence is gold, and mother fucker, you're looking like a solid silver."

Yin and Jamal hissed. Hendrix was referring to Niveen's poor League of Legends rank, Silver, the one he'd been discussing with Mario earlier.

Zach didn't say anything, just grinned and leaned back. Hendrix nudged Zach with his elbow to reassure him. Zach mimicked the action to show his appreciation.

"Alright bitches, who wants to play me and get their assed whipped? " Isaiah bellowed as he stomped into the room. He placed a tray of food down on the coffee table and dropped a bone near Buster.

whipped? "Man, shut the fuck up. You always lose," Yin snorted.

"But I always win with your mom every fuckin' time. Now move over cross-eyed bitch and let me show you who your new daddy is."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





9.1 | Three Little Words


NINE

NINE ♛

ZACH WAS IN a good mood.

ZACH WAS IN He'd made an A on his final assignment in his quantum mechanics course, the one that cost 12% of his final grade; he'd found the most perfect harness for Buster; and he and Sarah were making progress, sexually speaking.

progress, Yeah, Zach was in a good-ass mood.

"I swear to God, if you keep humming, I'll shove this baguette so far up your ass, you'll be the new apartment scarecrow," Isaiah growled. Edgar, their current apartment scarecrow, stood tall at top of the fridge.

Empty threat. A baguette didn't have the structural integrity to go up anyone's ass.

Still, he listened to Isaiah and instead began to whistle, even skipping a little, something he hadn't done since he was seven. "I would appreciate it if you didn't do that. Sarah is making me do that no-carb diet with her and according to her, bread is the source of all sadness."

Isaiah didn't respond immediately. The only sounds in the apartment were Buster's loud breaths as he snored on his bed, and Zach's foot tapping against the cool tile to the rhythm of the sound in his head. After a few seconds, Isaiah screamed.

He sustained a fluctuating "ah" sound that vibrated throughout their apartment and woke Buster up. The loud shout cracked his voice after a while. Zach had his ears covered, cringing as the obscene frequency pained his hypersensitive ears.

"What the hell, dude?" Zach yowled once the amplitude of the noise died out. Zach's head was pounding, blood rushing into his ears. His best friend heaved from the vocal exertion. He steadied his breath before responding.

"Sorry. I know you hate it when people scream but fuck—I'm so stressed. I've made two cakes, a tray of cookies and a whole ass lasagna and I still feel like I'm going to pull all my hair out."

"That's your best feature."

" God, you really are blind, huh. Everyone that can see knows my whole body is my best asset. Chocolate eyes. Lashes that put cows to shame. The body of a Greek God. Need I explain how flawless I am!" He walked up to his friend. "Put your hands on me. Feel me. Feel my beauty."

God, He asked for it , Zach thought. "Ew. Get the fuck away from me. Also, your eyes are the color of shit, but you do have nice lashes. And last I bumped into you, I definitely felt some chub-chub."

He asked for it definitely Isaiah sputtered. "I—how dare—wow. That was rude, uncalled for, and I'm not going to lie, I feel like you're trying to hurt me. Are we breaking up?"

Zach snorted. He put down his bottle of water and placed a hand on Isaiah's shoulder. "Is it the funding? Is that what's stressing you out?"

"Of course it's the funding," Isaiah groaned. "I've made like, what, four presentations, two fifty-page proposals and we still haven't found a donor. If we don't have a donor, then I have to get a new advisor and if I get a new advisor, then God knows how much longer it's gonna take me to complete this fucking degree. I just—"

"I know," Zach muttered, patting his hand on Isaiah's shoulder.

"Sometimes I wish I did just a Master's instead. Like, why the fuck did you even let me do a Ph.D."

just fuck "It sounded cool?"

Isaiah grunted. "Oh yeah, that sounds reasonable. Committing at least seven years of your life just because it sounds cool." He heaved another big sigh. "Stupid, I know. It's why I can't commit to a girl."



"Yeah, right."

"What? It's true. This research is my main bitch. All the other girls I meet have to be side chicks." He paused, patting down on his clothes. "That's why I got two phones. One for the data plugs and one to dump my load."

"You are disgusting," Zach groaned. "I don't know or understand how any woman can ever want you."

"Already told you, baby boo. I'm perfect. A Casanova."

"At this point, you're fishing for compliments."

"So compliment me," he whined. "Compliment me and make me feel better."

"Fine, you're a pretty, pretty princess," Zach retorted sarcastically, patting around the counter until he found the still-warm tray of cookies.

Isaiah leaned forward, his head brushing against Zach. "You're curtsying, aren't you?" Zach asked.

"Yup."

Zach made his way to the cabinet just below the sink for the dog food. He grabbed the bag and hauled it over, next to the pantry, which was where they kept Buster's doggy bowls. At the sound of the dry kibble trickling into the metal bowl, Buster rushed towards him, his paws scratching against the floor, his collar-tags clinking together.

"So," Isaiah began, "what's been going on with you and Sarah lately?"

Zach turned his head to where his friend presumably stood. "What do you mean?"

"I mean, how are things going, 'cause it seems to be going real well if I have to wear earplugs to sleep at night." Zach began to choke on spit, coughing as Isaiah continued. "You might be blind, but homie, I ain't deaf and we got some thin ass walls. Horrible soundproofing, if you ask me."

thin ass Oh my fucking God, I am not about to talk about this with Isaiah , Zach yelled to himself.

Oh my fucking God, I am not about to talk about this with Isaiah "So, uh, what's the plan for this winter break?" Zach asked in his best attempt at nonchalance. He hoped Isaiah would take the bait and let him change the subject. Have a little compassion on his oldest friend's soul.

"Find a girl and make her scream louder than Sarah."

Zach, who had just opened a cup of yogurt and shoved a spoonful in his mouth, choked for a second time in the span of one minute. He pounded his chest with his fist. Isaiah dropped his knife on the wooden cutting board and pounded Zach's back. Zach held his hand up, waving his friend off. It took a while, but he finally cleared his throat.

Yup, no dice. Isaiah had issues when it came to compassion.

"Jesus Christ, Isaiah."

"What? I'm being honest here. If I had a girl screaming my name that loudly, I could easily die a happy man."

Zach's face began to turn red and he cleared his throat again, shifting from foot to foot. "Yeah, well, stop being... whatever. "

whatever. "Stop implying you're a sex god? Is that what I need to stop doing?" Isaiah sighed. "Must be a hard life for you."

"Isaiah."

"Look, all I'm sayin' is that if last night was any indication to your merits, I will have you know that I'd let you rock my world any day ."

any day "Isaiah!"

A pregnant pause passed between the two. Then, Isaiah began to howl with laughter. Zach followed suit, the joy infectious. He placed his hand on the counter to steady himself as the laughter shook through him. Buster, who was eating from his bowl, sniffed loudly as if to join into the festivity before going back to his food.



"Seriously though, how has your dick not fallen off yet?" Isaiah asked between the laughs. "I've heard y'all at least every single day this past week."

least That's ' cause I'm not using my dick , Zach thought. But he would never admit that. So instead, he lied. "Years of deprivation."

That's cause I'm not using my dick "All jokes aside," Isaiah commented after the two calmed down. "Please shut the fuck up. Or do it in the shower. Like, I really need some sleep man."

"Sorry, sorry!" Zach held his hands up guilty.

Zach was beginning to open himself up to Sarah more, sexually speaking. Although they had yet to fulfill their conjugal interactions in the conventional way, Zach was taking the steps.

And what was the first step to a woman's pleasure? Figuring out what the fuck happened down there.

fuck The first time he had suggested it to Sarah, to let him touch her, she was more than happy to comply. Before he could even shift in the bed, she had her underwear off and was guiding his hand. Sarah was an amazing teacher, and Zach was an enthusiastic student.

That happened two weeks ago in her bedroom while her parents were away. Things began to progress exponentially. One night Zach was exploring the heat of her with his fingers and hands, the next with his mouth. One moment they were holding onto one another, her head resting against his chest, the next they were moving together, the friction and heat of their bodies coming to a crescendo of mutual satisfaction.

But they never went all the way. No, he couldn't. Not yet. Not until he did more research, figured out how to...

The two friends stood around the kitchen and talked while they ate some of Isaiah's lasagna. Isaiah didn't comment further on Sarah and Zach's relationship, the discussion now revolving around soccer. Zach loaded up the dishwasher, ensured Buster's bowl of water was still full, and headed into his room, muttering a goodnight.

He hopped on his bed and put on his headphones to listen to the audiobook, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a Fuck . He wanted to pay attention, to absorb the words and advice this prolific author, Mark Manson, offered, but he couldn't. His thoughts were consumed with Sarah.

The Subtle Art of Not Giving a Fuck When Zachariah first became blind, his mother used to tell him everything would be okay. She would reassure him in her thick accent that it would all go back to normal. That he just needed time.

At first, he thought her words were true—that if he learned to act like everyone else, he would be like everyone else.

act would It wasn't until life dealt him more cruel hands that he realized this, in fact, was not true. Acting didn't mirror reality. It concealed it.

No matter how hard Zach worked on blending in, the second someone realized he was blind, their demeanor would alter.

If that didn't suck enough, Zach also realized that the empty words his mother fed him weren't for actually for Zach's sake—they were for his brother. To help ease some of the guilt that weighed on Eisa's conscious.

also actually That definitely made him resent his brother even more.

But Sarah—God, Sarah. She was special.

She accepted Zach for who he was and not for the one discrepancy that differentiated him from the "norm." She didn't treat him differently from everyone else. Sure, there were accommodations, and yes, it bothered Zach sometimes, and yet...

She was amazing.

Astounding.

Breathtaking.

Heartwarming.

Sarah was his gift from God: a compensation for the shit-storm that had been his life these last few years. Wait, no—not a gift. Sarah was too precious to be equated to that.

Rahma (Mercy), that's what she was. She was his taste of compassion in a world that relentlessly sought to bring him down.

Rahma These last few months had been amazing for Zach, save for the few hiccups. But every relationship had hiccups—they were outliers, data points that were meant to be assessed in order to identify root problems, but not the regularity.

He didn't know how to explain the relief that enveloped him when he was with her. All the worries he had scattered. The fear of not fitting in, the excessive self-awareness—everything. She permeated every corner of his heart.

"You have one new message from Sarah yellow heart-emoji ," Siri called out, interrupting Zach's thoughts. He stopped moving his hand across the page of his book, instantly pausing the audio. "Would you like me to read it?"

yellow heart-emoji "Yes."

"Sarah yellow heart-emoji says: Babe can you come over tonight? I have to babysit and I don't want to be alone pleading emoji ."

yellow heart-emoji pleading emoji Zach was already out of his bed before the message ended. He threw on a jacket, grabbed his cane, and stomped around the floor for his shoes. He should stay home and try to fall asleep. He'd pulled two all-nighters getting that damn assignment done and he was exhausted .

exhausted "God damn it, why do I never put them in the corner," he muttered when he still couldn't find his shoes after a minute. He was about to open his mouth and call for Isaiah's help, but stopped himself.

He shouldn't disrupt Isaiah's workflow for something this trivial and stupid. If he tried a little harder, he was sure he'd find them. With a sigh, Zach continued to roam around the room in search of his shoes. He was about to shriek in frustration when he still couldn't find them after five minutes, but the sound of his phone ringing interrupted his exasperation.

"You have a phone call from Sarah," Siri chanted over the ringtone. Zach immediately dashed towards his dresser where he'd left his phone.

"Hey," he breathed when he answered That infectious smile, the one that always appeared when he thought of her, immediately made a presence on his face.

"Did you get my text? My parents are at this stupid charity scholarship thing and I'm alone babysitting Micah. Do you want to come over?"

"Yeah, I'm just looking for my shoes. I've gone around my whole room and still can't find them."

whole "Oh babe, you left them at the front door when we got to your place earlier. So, unless you've left the house since then, they should still be there."

Zach ran his hand through his hair and shook his head in disappointment at his forgetfulness. "What would I do without you?" he mused in adoration. "I'll be over in a bit."

They hung up with a cute goodbye and then Zach was off.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. ♛

edited 08.31.20

edited 08.31.20 well isn't this a long ass chapter huh? hehe sorry about that. this was an original chapter but I added 2000 words to it and that's why it's so long. i personally prefer long chapters to short chapter (I always try to make them under 5000 words).

well isn't this a long ass chapter huh? hehe sorry about that. this was an original chapter but I added 2000 words to it and that's why it's so long. i personally prefer long chapters to short chapter (I always try to make them under 5000 words). so this is a massive forewarning but uh the next chapter is gonna be very explicit . its also gonna be terribly awkward and great. it's a new chapter, not a part of the original story, but yeah.

so this is a massive forewarning but uh the next chapter is gonna be very explicit very explicit . its also gonna be terribly awkward and great. it's a new chapter, not a part of the original story, but yeah. if you enjoyed reading this please vote and leave a comment telling me what you think. is it boring? is it slow paced? too many details? is the humor okay?

sincerely, sab xx

if you enjoyed reading this please vote and leave a comment telling me what you think. is it boring? is it slow paced? too many details? is the humor okay?

sincerely, sab xx





9.2 | Three Little Words


He didn't bring Buster along. Sarah's little brother, Micah, was scared of him. The dog towered over the small kid.

Buster wasn't too happy about being left behind and whined incessantly. Zach tried to ease the twinge of betrayal that ran through the canine by feeding him treats. Thankfully, it worked, and after slipping on his shoes, patting his pockets to ensure he had his wallet, keys, and cane, he dashed out of the house.

Well, he went as fast as anyone with a cane could.

It didn't take him a long time to get to Sarah's place. She lived near Cambridge, so it was a twenty-minute drive from Zach's apartment with traffic. When he got out of the Uber, he mounted the sidewalk and tapped around for the uneven bump that indicated he was two segments away from the walkway of her house. When he found it, he made his way to the door and didn't bother knocking. He just twisted the knob and was immediately greeted by her voice.

"Hey, babe! We're in the living room." Zach followed her voice and braced one of his hands out to feel around the walls of her house. He'd only been to Sarah's place a few times, and most of those times he was snuck in, so he wasn't quite familiar with it. Micah's squeals at the TV helped guide him to Sarah.

"Hey," he called when he felt the plush carpet underneath his feet. He heard Sarah get up from the couch, the leather rubbing against her as she sprung up. Her feet stomped the floor as she approached him. When she reached him, she grabbed his hands and placed them on her face as she put hers on his and kissed him.

Her lips were warm. They were soft and wet, caressing and loving. Sarah's greeting kisses were one of the best things in the world to Zach. Even better than hearing grains of rice mix together, the smooth, hard shells brushing against one another in a melodic lull that could force anyone to calm sown.

She did the same thing every time she kissed him. She would press her lips against his, capturing his upper lip between hers. He would then flick his tongue against the silk seam of her parted lips. She would instantly open up, forcing herself into his mouth, exhaling through her nose and onto his cheeks, her hand pressing against his neck. And then, the sensation would be gone in a flash.

"Hi," she whispered. She smiled against the corner of his lips. A burst of light flickered in his dark world and disappeared before he could register it. "Thanks for coming over. I was going crazy with only Micah."

only "Are you trying to get him to bed? It's a little late, isn't it?"

Her face was still close to his. He could feel her frown, and he brushed his thumb over it before rubbing circles on her cheek. "Yeah, but I can't get him to bed, so I was thinking, y'know, maybe you'll help me."

can't "Wow, so I'm just a pawn to you, huh? Just a way to get Micah to sleep?"

"Well, you're so good at it. I'm only providing an avenue for you to exercise your skills. It's such a waste if you don't."

"Okay, I'll do it, but what will you give me in return?"

you Sarah gasped, affronted. She pushed away from him, but Zach kept his arms wrapped around her, keeping her a little closer than arm's length. "Excuse me, but are you trying to bribe me?"

"I wouldn't call it a bribe. More like a bargain."

"Hmm," Sarah hummed as she thought. Zach rubbed his hand up and down her back in the way she liked, and she caved her body deeper into his. He loved the way their bodies seem to fit together perfectly, like puzzle pieces. She was soft, luscious, curvy, and it was perfect. "I can make you some Satay ."

Satay "Wait, for real?" She nodded. "Extra spicy?"

"I mean, not extra . I want to eat it, too."

extra

"Make two batches. One for me, one for you."

"That'll take forever. No way, José. I'm only making a batch that's mildly spicy."

mildly Zach scoffed. "How can you even call yourself Malaysian if you can't even handle spices?"

Sarah slapped his chest. "I'm Americanized, as my parents always remind me." Then she wiggled herself out of his grip. "Now, put Micah to bed."

Zach shook his head and walked towards the child.

"Alright Micah, you and I, we gotta talk."

"Talk about what?" Micah asked, rising from his seat on the floor in front of the TV to stand by Zach's feet. "Can you bend down? You're too tall."

"You don't have to say it like it's a bad thing. Girls like tall boys."

Micah harumphed. "When I grow older, I'm gonna be tall."

That, however, seemed was unlikely, seeing as how his whole family was relatively short.

Not that height mattered.

"Well, let's hope that's the case." Zach bent down, placing his hand on the kid's shoulder. "Now, about going to sleep..."

It took a while to convince Micah to go to bed. Usually, a bribe of five dollars would do, but this time, Micah was greedy. By the time he'd gotten Micah into bed, the kid was trying to milk him for every penny Zach had.

"All I have is ten dollars."

"I know you're lying."

"I am not . I would never lie. Lying isn't good."

not "I'm six, Zach. I know when to lie, okay ."

six, okay "Can you also tell when someone's lying?"

"Yes. They look away and get nervous."

"And how are you so sure that's the right way to tell?"

"Well, that's what Dad usually does when he tells mom she's pretty."

Well shit .

Well shit "Am I looking away?"

"I wouldn't know. You have sunglasses on. Take 'em off and I'll judge again."

Zach gave a resigned sigh and took out a twenty-dollar bill.

"Told you you were lying."

When Zach finally left Micah's room, after a long discussion about morals with a six-year-old that thought dumping a jug of chocolate milk wasn't wrong, but rather funny, he headed towards the kitchen with a grin. There was a background noise of rap music playing from the speakers of Sarah's phone as she banged plates and bowls around.

"You're so loud," he observed, sitting down on the center stool of the island.

"Nah. You just have really sensitive hearing."

really "You and your brother are too critical of me. There's nothing wrong with sensitive hearing. I get to listen to you moan even better."

Sarah giggled and threw something in his direction, missing by a nose hair. "Zach!"

"What? Micah's in his room upstairs. He can't hear us."

"You never know with that little devil." She opened the tap of the faucet. "He loves to eavesdrop."

loves "He lacks a moral compass, lemme tell ya' that."

"Shocker."

Zach drummed his hand against the cool marble of the tabletop. "So, uh, about this party you're going to this weekend..."



"What about it?"

Zach scrunched his nose and cleared his throat. "Do you, uh, have to go?"

have to He pursed his lips, waiting for her to respond. Waiting and waiting until finally, she let out a breath of air. It was so soft that he would have assumed he didn't near it if it hadn't been followed by unintelligible grumbles.

"Zach, we've talked about this."

"I know, I know. Sorry."

And he was sorry— he just couldn't help it. He knew he shouldn't even attempt to suffocate Sarah. She'd told him time and time again that even though they were in a relationship, she was her own person. She could make her own decisions, free of his opinion.

attempt But it wasn't fair. She was always going out with her friends, canceling plans last minute. It was seldom they spent the night. She always left his place at ungodly hours, like 3 a.m. or dawn. Why couldn't she stay with him overnight? Wake up and have breakfast. Spend a full twenty-four hours together? Was it too much to ask? Was it too soon to want?

And it's not like he was controlling, asking her if she had to go out with friends. It was a real question. Why was it that she could go out every other weekend, from Saturday afternoon to Sunday evening, with her girlfriends, and potentially guy friends, but he couldn't join them? He hadn't even met her friends. Was she ashamed of him? He knew that wasn't the case—at least, he told himself that wasn't the case. But he couldn't help it. He couldn't help the feeling.

had She was his girlfriend. She should want to make him as happy as he wanted to make her, right?

Just be patient , he thought to himself. Forget about it for now and be patient . That's what kept the anxiety at bay, which made the problems fall away.

Just be patient Forget about it for now and be patient For now.

"Y'know," Zach said, changing the subject, "you're really beautiful when you cook."

"Oh yeah? You can suddenly see when I'm in the kitchen? So much for being a feminist."

Zach barked a laugh. "It's not because you're in a kitchen. It's because you're in your element. It makes you so beautiful."

Sarah made the sound of a kiss. "Thank you, babe, but you don't have to lie to me. I already like you."

Oh, how patience runs thin , Zach pondered. Because even if he could swallow down his anxiety, the comments he wanted to make, the desperate feelings that clung to him when Sarah left, this he could not stand.

Oh, how patience runs thin "Why do you keep saying that?" he snapped. He didn't intend to sound harsh, but that's how it came out. Zach frowned, his arms crossed over his chest as he leaned back against his seat.

This was her attitude every time he called her beautiful. She always dismissed his compliments since he was blind. It annoyed him that she always brought this up to refute his opinions.

every time But what annoyed him more than that was her insistent denial of her beauty.

"What?" she replied, defensive.

"Why do you keep saying you're not beautiful?"

She stopped moving around. "Because I'm not."

He hated the finality in her words, how definitive she sounded—how there was a hint of condescension in her tone. As if he wouldn't know, couldn't know. And even though she might be right within her own perspective, she was dead wrong in his.

dead "How the fuck would you know?"

She must have been jolted a little by his angry statement because there was a soft clang against as if she'd bumped something against the sink.



"I mean, not to sound rude or anything, but I can, y'know, see myself. And you...you can't see at all. So you wouldn't know."

There was a nasty feeling crawling into Zach's stomach as she said that. It was a feeling he hadn't felt since she came into his life.

He knew her words shouldn't wound him this much. He was being hypersensitive. Still, it did sting. He could feel the hurt seep into his every vein and poison him.

Since he'd been with Sarah, he never heard her mention his disability so directly. Sure, she would hint at it if there was something he couldn't do, but she would never be so blatant about it.

blatant At least, not in a serious way.

The house fell into a blanket of silence. The wind blew outside and brushed branches against the window. The sound was loud and unpleasant. They both refused to speak.

She was silent for a reason he didn't know, nor could he deduce. He, however, was silent because he wanted to find the right thing to say. To properly articulate himself. To string the words together and not throw a temper tantrum. He didn't speak until he mentally recited the words to himself a good three or four times.

"Just because I can't see this objective reality doesn't mean I don't see—or feel, or hear, or sense—beauty. Just because I don't see doesn't mean I can't appreciate what this life has to offer. Seeing isn't the only way to witness or experience things."

only "Zach—"

"No, Sarah, you always do this when I say you're pretty or beautiful. But you don't ever stop to think for one second that maybe I can see more than you can because I use more than my eyes and—God. It's so fucking annoying."

see "Stop cursing at me like that," she snapped. He could imagine her, a faceless woman, standing there in a defensive pose, her body erect and her fists balled. "You're being so mean right now."

Zach bit back a laugh. There was no logical reason as to why he wanted to laugh but he just did. It was an urge that burned like acid in his chest.

why Was this pent-up frustration actually with her? God, he didn't know. Everything was okay—had been okay. This was such a horrible feeling and to have it towards Sarah...

That made it much worse.

"I'm not being mean, Sarah. I'm just saying. You keep brushing off what I say and I'm tired of it. I just...I wish you could see—or feel— what I do."

feel— She stood still, breathing in and out in steadily. He counted them. Inhale, one, two, three, exhale, one, two, inhale. He remained seated, his arms on the table as he looked forward, blinking in the direction of where he thought she was.

one, two, three, one, two, He didn't know how it happened, but the next second she was hugging him. Her arms wrapped around him and her face pressed into his chest. He was so confused by her actions that he didn't react at first. Not until he heard the first gut-wrenching sob.

She was crying. He could feel the tears on his shirt, feel the shakes that raked through her body. She didn't make a sound after the first cry, but he felt the salty drops seep onto his skin, branding him with her sadness.

And maybe that's what made everything hurt even more for him. Feeling the evidence of her devastation. The devastation he presumably caused.

Feeling His reaction towards her shamed him. The sting of guilt crawled through him, leaving goosebumps. Zach wanted to speak again, to try and make everything better since he'd been the one to ruin it.

What he needed was for her to stop the tears. She obviously was on a roll, crying and crying. But there had to be something he could do. He sifted through all the things he knew about girls, but nothing came to mind.

something Resigned, he simply kept his arms wrapped around her, holding her tight, caging her in a suffocating embrace. He rested his cheek against the top of her head and murmured his apologies to her. Murmured words of adoration and admiration.

He held her head against him, right where his heartbeat exclusively for her, and with his other hand, he traveled around the body, caressing every curve and dip that she resented, the ones he loved.

"I love you," she whispered after a while. The words floated in the air, reckless as it danced to their final destination, before settling inside him.

And that was how it happened. That was how Zach's heart finally broke free of its invisible cage and grew wings as it soared towards the infernal star in the sky. As if he were Icarus.

But just like Icarus, he too would bear the consequences of flying too close to the sun.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





10. 1 | I'm Prayin' God Don't Let Me Bust Quick


TEN



TEN

**W A R N I N G**

Explicit sexual content in this chapter

**W A R N I N G**

Explicit sexual content in this chapter ♛

ZACH WAS READY TO POP HIS CHERRY. Get his stick wet. Finally arrive at destination: cumming of age.

ZACH WAS READY TO POP HIS CHERRY. "You got this," he told himself as he paced around his room. "There's nothing to it. Every three seconds, someone in this world is busting a nut. Isaiah has carried the burden for this statistic for the better part of five years. And today, you will finally join him—help him shoulder this task. You, Zachariah Sa'ad, will finally be a part of that eigenvalue set, no longer an unidentifiable outlier."

Buster whined. Zach could sense the doubt in his dog. He glared in betrayal at the canine who lounged rent-free on his bed. "I will be a part of that statistic or so help me God, I'll neuter you." Once again, Buster whined, this time longer and sadder. Zach felt guilty. He walked over to the big fluff ball. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean it. You know I didn't mean it. I was only just angry, y'know that right?"

will Buster nuzzled his muzzle under Zach's chin. That was his way of accepting his owner's apology.

If Zach was keeping track of time right, Sarah should be walking through his apartment door in five minutes. It would take her ten seconds to shout hello to Isaiah before she made her way to his bedroom. Four seconds to take off her shoes in front of his room. One second to twist the knob.

Then bam , it would be fornication time.

bam Except, she wouldn't know that. Nor would he instantaneously mount her the second she stepped into his room. He wasn't an animal .

animal He'd wait until she got into his bed then he'd ride her like a stallion.

Or was he the stallion that she was supposed to ride?

He didn't care and it didn't matter. What mattered was that Zach had a limited window of time to do the deed, to pony it up, and by God he would do it before time was up.

There was less than a week until Thanksgiving break, and from then, only two weeks until finals. After his finals were over, he'd only have two days before flying back down to Texas.

Zach was equal sides eager and reluctant for the semester to end. On one hand, he was ecstatic to be over with all his graduate courses, now only having to focus on research. But on the other, he would be too busy after today to hang out with Sarah until the new semester began. He would have to wait until after Christmas break, approximately six weeks and four days, before he was back in Massachusetts.

This meant that, as a true procrastinator, this was the last day, the last opportunity he had to bend her like Beckham before the hiatus of not seeing her began.

Not necessarily not seeing her, since that was a perpetual state for him. But not being around her, really.

seeing around "I'm ready for this Buster," he told his dog, taking a seat on the bed. He rubbed his sweaty palms on his thighs.

He had bought a box full of condoms. He couldn't go to the store and buy them—that would have been too embarrassing, asking for help on which box had which size. Instead, he ordered the box off Amazon with a personal account he made because there was no way in hell he would use his mom's. When Siri notified him that his package was ten stops away, he'd hauled ass back to his apartment in fear that Isaiah, ever the invasive son of a bitch, would open the box out of curiosity.

Since receiving this package, Zach had already used up half the condoms in preparation.

He was ready for this. He'd spent hours on research, listening to YouTube videos, blogs, and reading advice books. He already knew how to get her ready . Now all that he needed to ensure was that he didn't bust too quick.

ready

Which, based on his experience with Sarah, was almost wishful thinking.

He was psyching himself out. She was late. It was 6:01 p.m. and she should have arrived around 5:57 p.m. if the text she sent him before she left her friend's place was right. Did she decide to go out with her friends again instead of hanging out with him?

That wouldn't be fair. She'd barely spent any time with him this week. Just two days, Monday and Thursday, and even then, on Thursday, she'd left after two hours to go hang out with her friends at the bar. Granted, she'd invited him along, but she knew he couldn't go out. He had an early morning the next day.

knew And recently...

It wasn't that Zach was acting clingy, a fact Isaiah liked to mention whenever Zach would vent about it. No, because being clingy implied that he wanted Sarah around him all the time. And even if he did want that, that didn't necessarily mean he vocalized the desire to her.

did want He just thought it was unfair that she would ignore him for a few hours whereas he, a blind guy, would respond to her the second she called or texted. Or that sometimes, when they were together, she would be laughing one second, and the next, she would snap at him. And every time, when he'd ask her what was wrong, if she was mad, she would respond with a clipped: "Nothing is wrong," or "I'm fine."

blind guy, He didn't have to be a mathematician to realize that "I'm fine" was code for "I'm so fucking angry and I want you to know why without having to tell you." And this should be no surprise to anyone, but Zach was fucking horrible at figuring out why something was wrong.

fucking horrible Although Isaiah was quick to place blame on women for their sudden mood swings ("These bitches really be crazy bro. That's why I don't stay tied down."), Zach was sure there was more to it.

For once, he wished he was Edward Cullen, the Vampire from the Twilight saga. The one that could read minds. He wanted to know what was going on in her head, what she was thinking when she got so upset.

Twilight Was it him? Had he done or said something she didn't like? He felt like he was fair with everything he brought forth to her. And he did his best to abide by her comfort zone.

Or was it her? Was there something going on in her life that she didn't tell him about? She spoke to him a little about the problems she had with her mom and dad. Was there more? Did something happen recently? They've been dating for almost four months. They should have better communication. Though, how was he meant to develop that? Maybe he should read more books about relationships. He didn't want the one he had with Sarah to fall apart.

But she'd said she loved him before he had the chance to say it. Even though he thought it every time he heard her laugh or felt her hands glide over his body.

she'd So, he could be overthinking. He could be reaching for something that wasn't there because a part of him felt like this was too good to be true.

Or was she getting bored of him? Was this the beginning stages of losing interest in someone—

Before he could delve even deeper into the dark abyss that was his mind, he heard something. Footsteps, then a twist of his unlocked front door. A slam. Finally, finally , he heard her.

finally Sarah's smooth voice rang throughout the apartment. "Hey Isaiah!"

Three, two, one , he counted. He was already up, shooing Buster out the room the instant he heard the door swing open.

Three, two, one "Zach," she hummed. There was a wistful smile on her face. He knew it was there because of the way her mouth caressed his name. And once again, as always, his fears and doubts evaporated, like embers that disappeared into the night.



It was just him and Sarah, his reason to be happy.

"You're late," he pouted, folding his arm over his chest. He resisted the urge to rush towards her and kiss and touch her and do all the things he'd been studying and thinking about all damn week.

"Sorry babe. Kristy was upset about Jared and you know how she gets about him." She dropped her bag onto the floor near the door and closed it. Her footsteps were light against the ground like she was tiptoeing. "But I'm here now."

know "Half an hour late."

"Time is just a construct created by society in order to control us."

"Oh God, please stop hanging out with Isaiah," Zach groaned as she latched herself onto him. She was on her tippy-toes, her head craned upwards, her body pressed against his.

"Absolutely not. His presence is inspiring. He's a genius."

"Thank you!" Isaiah called from the other room. Sarah laughed and Zach groaned.

He was ready to deny that outrageous claim that his best friend was a genius, but he was rudely—happily, really—interrupted by her lips.

Sarah had thick lips, and although they were chapped, they still felt like more plush than hotel pillows. Every time they press against his, he felt cushioned—enveloped, devoured, consumed. He loved that feeling.

She made a motion to move away, to run towards his bed where he'd installed a TV right in front of just for her. She was halfway through season five of Psych and was desperate to find out whether Shawn and Juliet would get together.

just Psych But the second he realized she was pulling away, when he felt a resisting force against the hand that rested on her neck, he made his move.

Zachariah was not a naturally assertive person. Even when he was younger, he preferred taking the backseat. Go with the flow, that's who he was. It was easier that way. He liked not having to take control.

Sarah learned this about Zach. Despite her naturally spirited nature, she was accustomed to having domineering partners, especially when it came to sex. She wasn't too familiar with someone more restrained, but she gradually learned to accept it. When it came to moving forward in their relationship, she was the instigator. She was the one to grab his hand and guide him.

He knew that on some level, she wished he would lead her. That one day, it would be his footsteps she could step into. She'd said as much on separate occasions, in wistful passing. And now that he felt like she was pulling away, he needed to draw her back in to him.

What better way to do that than to have sex? He'd been waiting on the right time to do it, always expecting her to just randomly initiate it. That never happened.

So today would be that day. Despite his sexual inexperience, today Zachariah would take the lead. He would be one of those weird alpha men, except, unlike them, he wouldn't constantly declare how alpha he was.

He had a tactful list of duties to perform before their sexual commerse, and as a meticulous man, Zach would make sure to check—no, fill —each box.

fill The first was to make her pliant and breathless. That was easy. Sarah was partial to touching, to the drawn-out sensation of ghosting hands and gyrating bodies. This was perfect for Zach, especially since touch was one of the two ways for him to also be stimulated.

He guided them towards his bed. It was difficult at first, orienting himself as he drowned in the sensations of her sighs and caresses, but he still managed. He felt the sharp corner of his carpet that indicated he was five inches from the nightstand, so if he turned seventy degrees to the left, he would be facing the bed. Then, he'd need to make four big strides—or six small ones—and her thighs would press the edge of his full-sized bed.

That's exactly what happened. Except, on his sixth stride, he got a little too excited. Rather than falling onto the bed with grace and delicacy, he stumbled, and she gasped as the full weight of him toppled onto her.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. ♛

edited 08.31.20

edited 08.31.20 note the j. cole quote from wet dreamz

note the j. cole quote from wet dreamz it has been a hot minute. i really intended to update earlier but when i tell you work has been a bitch it has been a big massive bitch. I've been working from 6am to 8pm everyday this week, and everytime i think i have the energy to edit, i just end up falling asleep. it's been exhausting.

it has been a hot minute. i really intended to update earlier but when i tell you work has been a bitch it has been a big massive bitch. I've been working from 6am to 8pm everyday this week, and everytime i think i have the energy to edit, i just end up falling asleep. it's been exhausting. anyways, this chapter was uh, just a wee bit uncomfortable to write for me. I'm not usually one to shy away from sex scenes but when it comes to writing it, i just feel so out of my element. hopefully i can get more comfortable. i do apologize if any of this seemed cringy. the technical and methodical way of approaching sex was very intentional, as well as the embarrassing moment for zach was very intentional, btw, because i really wanted to highlight the reality of a person's firstime. it's not always rainbows and butterfly and sustained pleasure.

anyways, this chapter was uh, just a wee bit uncomfortable to write for me. I'm not usually one to shy away from sex scenes but when it comes to writing it, i just feel so out of my element. hopefully i can get more comfortable. i do apologize if any of this seemed cringy. the technical and methodical way of approaching sex was very intentional, as well as the embarrassing moment for zach was very intentional, btw, because i really wanted to highlight the reality of a person's firstime. it's not always rainbows and butterfly and sustained pleasure. if you enjoyed the chapter, please vote or comment. id love to hear what you guys have to say xx

if you enjoyed the chapter, please vote or comment. id love to hear what you guys have to say xx





10.2 | I'm Prayin': God Don't Let Me Bust Quick


"Wow, someone's been working out recently," Sarah giggled as he splayed on top of her. He propped himself on his elbow and gave a sheepish grin.

"Sorry, didn't expect that to happen," he murmured. Every syllable he spoke floated over her lips, and her mouth stretched into a wide grin. She flicked her tongue out to lick him and he tried to catch it between his teeth. She evaded him.

"Don't apologize. I don't mind. I like this." To emphasize her enthusiasm for the shift in control and change in position, she hooked her legs over his hips. She arched her body, curving into him, and he released a hiss when he felt her connect with him so completely.

Being in control, being on top of Sarah, gave him this intoxicating sense of power.. Normally, he was under her. She was the one commanding the movements, drawing out each and every sensation for the both of them. She was the experienced one, the one that knew just how to touch, how to speak, how to move in order to make them both reach a peak.

just But now it was his turn to be in charge, and it was both nerve-wracking and sensationally inspiring.

"So do I," he replied, his voice rough and strained with undulated pleasure. Then, he got to work.

The next part of his plan was to have her orgasm, sans genital penetration. Sarah thoroughly enjoyed cunnilingus but did not mind a good fingering. Lucky for her, Zach was dead-set on doing both.

He'd learned a lot about and from Sarah, finding out exactly what she liked and how she liked it. She was a good teacher, and he was an even better student. There was also the addition of self-help books, and a plethora of online resources to aide in navigating the enigma of the female body.

When it came to sexual experience, there was a benefit to being blind. Zach would never flat out admit this to Isaiah, who claimed there was no better pleasure than watching boobs bounce as you fuck a girl, but Zach's disadvantage had its own advantage. The heightened experience of just being able to feel , taste, and hear everything, with no visual distraction, was like no other.

feel taste, hear Now don't get Zach wrong, he would have gladly become a eunuch if it meant he could get his sight back, but this–this visceral feeling of friction that burned in his groin as Sarah whimpered and ground into him, was almost worth it.

almost "Zach," she moaned, her breath hot and wet against his ear. Rather than respond with words, he coaxed more whimpers and continued to kiss her jaw, letting his teeth scrape against the sensitive underside. The intimate gesture evoked an intense reaction, and she bit his shoulder, sinking her teeth into him in delicious pain.

The sounds were getting to be too much, too overwhelming. He wanted to stop them for only a moment, just to collect himself. So he brought his mouth to hers, absorbing the heated gasps and high-pitched moans. She was complacent with his demands, allowing Zach's tongue to push past her lips, trace over each tooth, stroking her eager tongue, before tickling the roof of her mouth. She loved this, and when he made a motion to retreat, she kept him as a willing prisoner, sucking on him, wet and sensual.

"What's happening," she rasped when he managed to escape, making a trail down her neck, stopping right above the valley of her breast. "What's gotten into you?"

"Nothing," he mouthed, nibbling on the notch between her clavicle. "Am I doing something wrong?"

"Absolutely not," she growled. She tightened her legs around him, rubbing against him, and he could feel the heat of her through their clothes. He teased her covered breasts, moving his hand under her shirt.

The first time he'd done that, the first time he'd touched the bare skin of her torso, she'd flinched, ashamed of their size and the feel of her skin. But what she didn't understand, what she didn't realize, was that Zach didn't care. No—not that Zach didn't care or even mind—he loved them. They were a part of her. And she was so soft—so unbelievably soft and warm. It had felt amazing, having privilege—the honor—of feeling her. Not through her clothes, but the raw entirety of her.

the raw

Even now, as he pushed her shirt up and off with her help, he felt that same bubble of pride. Of being the person that got to touch her, feel her. Sure, there had been guys before him, and yes, there was a twinge of jealousy when he really thought about it, but this was his moment. This was his time to show her happiness and pleasure, and he was going to do exactly like that.

really He managed to strip her bra off after a wrestling match between him and the three clasps that kept her breast bounded. She laughed the whole time, not bothering him. If it hadn't been for the way she stroked his hair as he unlatched each clasp, he would have felt humiliated. Instead, there was an air of intimate joy that charged him.

Sarah wasn't much of a breast girl. Perhaps it was because they were so large that they weren't as sensitive. Nonetheless, Zach gave each one their due diligence. Kissing, licking, and sucking until she was pushing his head further down, excited for what was to come.

"C'mon," she whispered. "Don't be a tease."

"I'm not being a tease." He flicked a nipple with his finger, then his tongue, before blowing on it—a tip he'd gotten from Isaiah. She released a breath through her nose, either in frustration or pleasure. It didn't matter because he was finally —finally— moving to where she wanted him.

—finally— The first time Zach was introduced to the hot, wet beauty of a woman's pussy—Sarah's, of course—he'd all but fumbled his way around. She'd been so patient, so kind, as she guided his hand, dictating everything he touched. It had only taken one session to memorize her. After that first time, he'd become all but a professional. It was easy to know exactly what she liked when he was so attuned to her reaction. To the sounds she made as a reaction to his touches, to his kisses, to his licks—they told him everything he needed to know.

exactly That's why he was borderline cruel with his actions now. The second he peeled her underwear off—a lacy thong that felt all too uncomfortable—he intentionally focused his attention on the inside of her thighs. On ghosting his open mouth over the sensitive skin that was just close enough to where she wanted him, but still too far. Her hand tangled in his thick black hair as she attempted to control his action, to direct him exactly where she wanted him.

"Please," she begged. Normally, Zach would have complied to that simple plea with no hesitation. But this wasn't like any other time. Usually, when this happened, it was under Sarah's direction, under her control. But right now, Zach was in control, and even if she was flailing with pent-up frustration, she loved this. He could tell.

loved "Be patient," he told her when she pulled on his scalp especially hard. She whimpered, relaxing her hold, the pads of her hand massaging his scalp. Zach shivered, his body reacting with a fresh wave of blood that rushed to his cock. God, he was so fucking turned on by her, from her reactions alone, it was unbelievable.

fucking It wasn't until sobs ripped through her that he gave her what he wanted. That he let his breath fan over the wet heat of her. That he inhaled deeply, her scent so poignant and arousing. That he began to kiss each of her lips. That he grabbed her leg and put it over his shoulder. That he took his hand, took two fingers, and ran them along the seams of her mound, circling her clit for just a second, before parting her folds. That he began to stroke inside her, small and slow at first until he felt that build up inside her. Felt the twitch. Felt the fresh onslaught of heat that permeated the air around him.

Only then did he commit with more vigor, moving his fingers in and out of her, deeper this time, curling every now and then, feeling her toes press against the small of his back—only then did he latch his mouth onto that small bud. That he sucked onto her as if he could drink in her essence. She gyrated into him, burying him deeper into this addictive warmth, her nails scratching the base of his neck in a blissful way that bordered pain and pleasure.



"Zach," she all but shouted, her voice cracking. Her whole body trembled, vibrating with the excitement of what was to come. It was then that he withdrew his fingers and replaced it with his tongue, pistoning inside her walls to feel , to taste , her as she broke away, her screams muffled poorly. He kept himself there, helping her ride of the wave of pleasure, his mouth latched onto her, his nose pressed against her clit. The sounds she made, the screams and whimpers, and pleas for more, more , God, please more , were a symphony, better than Mozart, Beethoven, Mahler—it was almost too much for himself. He could feel himself on the precipice of his own orgasm and he knew it was right. That he could do it.

feel taste more, more God, please more Now, the final step. Fornication.

"Are we going to—" she began when he moved blindly to his nightstand, waving his hand until he felt the hard, sharp wood against his palm. Once he found the handle to the top draw, he nodded silently and grabbed one of the packets he had prepared.

"Is that okay?" he asked her, but he was already on his knees, grabbing hold of himself, his hands shaking with anticipation. He'd never been so hard in his life—not even when she had given him his first blowjob.

Zach felt her mouth whisper, "Yes." He felt it right on the tip of his cock as she suctioned him a little, swiping the precum that leaked out of him. He fumbled, jerked from the sensation of having her soft mouth on him, and growled, the sound vibrating through his chest. Fuck , he was ready to rock her world, to put all those neurological biofeedback tricks to practice in an attempt to prolong his endurance.

Fuck "Do you want me on top?" she asked, her hands gliding under his shirt, circling his pecks. She glided her nails over his taut back. Sarah was used to being on top. She always was on top, either sitting on his face or rubbing their barely-clothed bodies together.

But not this time.

"No, I got this," Zach asserted. She giggled and bit his neck.

She helped him roll the condom on. He grabbed ahold of himself, guiding himself towards her, where she was wet, open. If he thought she was hot before, he couldn't begin to describe the searing heat that emanated from her now. That burned him in painful euphoria. At this moment, he was convinced the Bible got it all wrong. Hell wasn't a place for torture and pain. If hell burned this hot, felt this wretchedly wonderful, he would happily reside there for entirety.

"It's okay," Sarah whispered when he hesitated at her opening. She thrust her hips up, sliding him in just a little. And oh God—he felt stripped. Bare. And he was, technically, from the waist down, but this was more than that. It was as if he'd been starving—craving something so unknown and this was it. This was what he'd been waiting for his whole life.

"Oh God," Zach cried. He'd barely pushed himself inside her and yet he could feel her pulsing. Thick ripples of pleasure shot through him, tightened in his balls, and he rocked into her. "Oh, God ."

God He wished he could say something magnanimous, that the crescendo was like a kaleidoscope of crashing colors that so perfectly complemented one another, it evoked utter satisfaction. He wished he could admit that he at least went in all the way, felt her all around him. He wished he could somehow put a salve on his pride, claim that he lasted longer than a one-way ride on the Boomerang at Six Flags.

at least But he couldn't.

Fuck blowing Sarah's back out—that plan went to shit the second his dick met her slick folds.

He didn't even last one full stroke. He came then and there, his shirt still on, his pants barely past his knees. It was a different sensation from the other times. This was white hot, infernal. He felt himself jerk and rut as the pleasure seized him, rolled through him, produced this animalistic cry.

When it was over, Zach fell on top of Sarah, not caring for one moment that he might be suffocating her.

"Well...at least I didn't have to fake it,right?"



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





11.0 | The Park in the Dark


ELEVEN

ELEVEN ♛

"IS A HOT dog a sandwich?"

"IS A HOT Zach, who was cleaning the kitchen counter as Isaiah meticulously scrubbed the grime and rust off the stove, heaved a tired sigh. "Not this again."

"Yes, this again. Drix keeps saying it's a sandwich but it's not ."

not Zach sprayed some more Lysol on the counter, using one hand to feel where the surface of the counter felt sticky or rough, and the other to rub. "It's meat between two pieces of bread, so yeah, it could be a sandwich."

could "Wrong. It's one piece of bread that's folded. And the meat isn't just meat. It's a wiener."

just Zach rolled his eyes and adjusted his sunglasses as he walked to the other side of the island. "A wiener is just the shape of the meat."

"Oh really? Alright then smartass , if I put two buns on my dick is that a sandwich?" There was a rattle of metal, most likely the stove burner being moved and cleaned.

, "I don't want to have this conversation anymore," Zach groaned.

"You know I'm right. If my dick can't be a sandwich, then a hot dog can't be a sandwich."

Zach was right behind Isaiah now, cleaning the sink. "Your genitalia isn't food. It isn't edible."

"Say that to Marissa."

"Who's Marissa?"

"The girl that gobbled me up and had a delicious meal last night."

"It's not a meal since it's not food and can't provide energy."

"I'm pretty sure there are calories in my cu—"

"Shut up. Shut the hell up, I know how that sentence was going to end and I don't want to hear it."

don't "Alright then. Admit that a hot dog isn't a sandwich."

Zach reached for the paper towels on the counter next to Isaiah. "I refuse to get into the middle of this."

"Fine. Let's continue to talk about my penis. Or better yet, your penis," Isaiah cackled.

your It was the Tuesday before Thanksgiving break. Zach's parents were flying in, spending the week with Zach here in Boston. They claimed it was because they wanted to escape the daunting heat that seemed to never leave the Lone Star State.

And for his mother, it was to meet Sarah.

But the weather up here was absolute shit. Besides, Zach already told his mother she wouldn't be able to meet Sarah. They were driving to upstate New York for Thanksgiving to see extended family. Still, his mother insisted on coming to him.

But Zach knew better. There was an ulterior motive. What it was? He didn't know exactly, but he was sure there was something more, a real reason , for why they'd insisted on flying up to him when it made more sense for Zach, alone, to fly down to Texas.

a real reason Mama and Baba Sa'ad would be arriving in Boston in less than four hours. Isaiah would be heading to the airport to catch his flight back home to his mom in two hours. This meant that the two boys, who forgot to call up their house cleaner, had to go super-Saiyan to ensure the house was spotless enough for Zach's very-Arab-very-clean mom.

"You missed a spot," Zach remarked as he went to grab more sheets of paper towel.

"Where?" Isaiah asked. Then he paused, exhaling. "I wish I could give you your eyesight back just to take it away again."



"That's unusually cruel," Zach pouted.

"'That's unusually cruel,'" Isaiah mocked, his voice high pitched.

"It's revenge," Zach scoffed. "For forcing me to listen to you talk about your teeny-weeny."

"Hey!" Isaiah's voice was loud, and he stomped towards Zach. "You can call me fat. You can call me ugly. You can even say I'm built like a cockatoo. But don't you ever lie to me and tell me my weeny is teeny." He took a step closer to Zach and whispered, "You and I both know it's not."

"Please don't say things like that." Zach shivered in disgust and pushed Isaiah away. "Now finish the bathroom while I organize the living room. We need to make sure you escape before my mom gets here."

The thought of Zach's mom squeezing out every ounce of information Isaiah had on him did not make Zach very happy. But it was inevitable to happen in the event that Mama S came in contact with her son's best friend.

Isaiah might act tough, but he was a wimp through and through. The second she got anywhere near Isaiah and used that "no-nonsense" mom face, Isaiah would spill his guts on anything and everything his mind could think of in an attempt to redirect that facial expression.

"Alright, let's get this shit done! Weeny Brothers assemble."

"You're actually disturbed."

♛

Zach's dad was much more formidable than his mother, but his mother was the law in the Sa'ad household.

law "Why is your shirt like that?" she scolded the second she walked into the apartment, her husband following right behind. "You might be blind, but I know you can feel wrinkles. Where's the steamer I bought you?"

"Laila, calm down, you've only just seen the boy," Zach's dad sighed.

" Choob wa'la kilma (Be quiet, not another word), Adel. Don't tell me what to do with my son. I am his mama ," his mother snapped. Clearly, she was upset with her husband for another reason and was projecting in this moment. Zach would bet money that it had to do with why they were so late.

Choob wa'la kilma mama "Okay, okay," Zach's dad muttered. Unlike his wife, he wasn't affectionate. Rather than hug his son hello, he simply patted the boy's shoulder and ruffled his hair. "How have you been, baba ?"

baba Zach never understood why Arabs did that—call their kids baba or mama . He knew it was an endearing term, a way to show love and respect. Still, he found the nickname unusual despite the fact that his parents had been addressing him in that manner since he was a child.

baba mama "Good, good. Just busy with classes."

"It's your last semester of classes, yes?" his mother asked, walking into the kitchen. Zach could hear her moving around, inspecting the cleanliness of the apartment.

"I wish it was your last semester. Your education is so expensive," his father mumbled. "Tuition, rent, food—how do you eat so much? You're stick thin. Where in the hell the food is going, I don't know."

"It's because he's not eating my food," his mother sighed, walking towards Zach and hugging him again. When she pulled herself away, she pinched his cheeks. "Do you miss mama's food?"

mama's "Don't talk to him like he's a child," Zach's father scoffed. "He's twenty-five."

"Twenty-four," Zach corrected, his voice distorted. His mother was still stretching his cheeks.

"He's my baby. That's all that matters."

Zach tried not to cringe at the way she cooed.

"Where's the kalb (Dog), Booster?" Zach's dad asked, walking towards the living room. He sat himself down on the couch with a hearty groan, satisfied with the plush, comfortable leather.

kalb

"It's Buster, baba . And he's in my room. Sleeping."

baba "It's late, sorry," his mother sighed. Late implied one, two, maybe even three hours behind schedule. His parents arrived a whole eight hours late. When he heard the knock on the door, signifying their arrival, he'd checked the time. It was one in the morning. "I'm going to make something real quick for me and baba . Do you want anything?"

maybe baba Zach shook his head and rubbed his eyes out of instinct. It was a habit he hadn't gotten rid of since becoming blind. It was a futile reaction—his eyes could no longer feel the sting of tiredness. Rather, exhaustion manifested through heavy bones and weary movements.

"Come sit with me, baba ," Zach's dad called, audibly patting the cushion beside him. Zach first oriented himself in the apartment, ensured he was facing the right direction, before walking to the living room.

baba "What's up?" Zach sighed when he sunk into the leather seat.

"Talk to me." His father nudged him with the back of his hand. "Tell me what's going on with you. Your mom tells me you met a girl. Hilwa (Pretty)? "

Hilwa Zach couldn't suppress the smile that followed anytime he thought of Sarah.

"Uh, yeah. Her name is Sarah."

"...And? How long have you two been together?"

"Uh," Zach scrunched his nose and scratched his bare forearm. "We started going out on dates since May or June, and then we became official boyfriend-girlfriend around August."

"What's the difference between the two? Galak'li (You're telling me) that going on dates and being this 'official' isn't the same thing?" his dad snorted.

Galak'li It was a good question that Zach definitely didn't have the answer to. It was like understanding a concept in biology—hear the facts, absorb the facts, know they are guidelines or realities in this life, and then move on. Never dwell on rationale and derivations.

That's what he did with societal notions. Zach memorized them, acknowledged their relevance in his life, and that was that. Like tipping culture, or the idea of procreation.

"Well, y'know..."

"I know what? Shoo (What)? Are you talking about doing the hanky-panky?"

Shoo There's something soul-crushing about seeing your parents do the hanky-pinky. But there's something equally horrifying as hearing one of your parents say the phrase "hanky-panky."

do Hence why Zach twitched the second his father's heavily accented voice enunciated those two childish words.

"Dad," Zach choked. "Please don't say that."

"What? We're both rijaal (men). No need to be shy."

rijaal "It's not that."

It was the fact that Zach had lost his virginity less than one week ago, and since then has only had sex one other time. And that had ended just as quickly as the first. He'd been so embarrassed, he all but crawled to the other side of the bed and curled himself in the fetal position.

Sarah was nice about it, both times. The first time she attempted to console him with reassuring words and phrases like: "It's okay, I have the magic pussy." Or "Aw, babe, don't be upset. It was your first time. It's normal. We'll get better with practice."

The second time around had been equally horrifying in terms of experience, but at least this time, Zach managed to get at least one stroke in before spilling himself into the condom. That time, Sarah had snuck out of her house to come see him and didn't have time to stay afterward. She just laughed, touched his hair, and told him she loved the two orgasms he'd given her prior to his somewhat premature ejaculation.

at least prior

They hadn't seen each other since. And they wouldn't, not until after finals. Perhaps a lunch here or there when they had free time, but for the most part, their schedules did not align. Zach would try and make it work though. They could both rely on his resilience and craving to be with her and feel her smile against his skin.

did not "Are we going to meet this girl?" Zach's mom interjected, taking a seat across from the two men. She had given her husband a cup. Probably chamomile tea—she always carried a can of those leaves in her bag.

"I mean, yeah, but later." He was lying.

Zach has asked Sarah if she wanted to meet his parents, and although he'd expected her hesitation, it hadn't stopped the twinge of sadness that zapped through him when she rejected the idea.

"I just think it's too early, Riah," she argued, adopting one of Isaiah's nicknames for him. It had been three months into their relationship, and he was curled against her chest as she watched a TV show on her laptop. "Maybe when we've been together longer."

"Yeah, of course," Zach had conceded. But to him, it already felt like they'd been together forever. Like they were destined for one another. He was a mere traveler, a wander, and she was the journey he'd so desperately sought after.

So rather than pick a fight, and perhaps hurt himself more, he dropped the matter altogether.

When he went to her place, her parents were never home, or she would have to sneak him in during the dead of the night. Like that one time she'd called him, super horny, and desperate to just get off, and he'd taken an Uber to her place. He'd suggested his place, but the idea of getting caught added an extra element of thrill and excitement to her.

And horror for him. He hadn't been able to get even somewhat erect that night, no matter how much she stroked him with her hands and how much she laved him with her tongue.

somewhat "So, Zachy," his mother began, breaking his train of thought. She paused, taking a loud slurp of her drink. "Your father and I wanted to talk to you about—"

"—Not now, Laila," his father interrupted, his voice gruff and filled with warning.

"Yes now," she hissed back at him. Then, she cleared her throat and in a much louder voice spoke to Zach. He sat up, his posture rigid as he waited for her words, a coil of what was to come turning in his stomach. "Zachy, hayati (my life), it's been a while since...y'know, the accident. And I know you haven't been speaking to Eisa since that day but—"

hayati Please don't ask me, please don't ask me , Zach chanted in his head. His fists balled up on his thighs, his pulse jumping. The feeling in his stomach was no longer a coil of dread. No, now it was much worse. It was sheer panic. Like he was trudging through the searing sand of the desert, walking towards an end that barely peeked over the horizon, and yet no matter how much he ventured forth, he never arrived. It was a feeling that sunk into his bones, ignited his throat, and flared his nostrils.

Please don't ask me, please don't ask me It's a feeling that drowned out all the words right after his mother asked, "I know it's too much, but he's your brother. Will you do it? For me, hayati , for me."

hayati ♛

Zachariah Sa'ad didn't know where he was.

What he did know was that he was in a park. It wasn't near his house because he had been walking for too long. Or perhaps time had evaded him and instead of walking around for two hours, it had just been ten minutes.

Regardless, all he knew was that he was at a park, sitting on a swing, rough gravel and smooth pebbles pressing into the soles of his feet.

Buster was by his side, resting his curly head on the talus of his right foot. It was dark out, he was certain. He was somewhat near a street. He could hear the rush of cars, the tires grinding against the loose pavement. The late November air was cold, the breeze blistering, but he didn't care.



His older brother. The one that his parents always took care of. The one that always got doted on.

always Even after the accident, the attention had been on Zach up until the moment he left the hospital. Then it was all about Eisa.

Eisa has to go on dialysis again. Eisa needs to go to the hospital, so you'll be at Isaiah's house this weekend. Eisa needs to go to England so baba is going to go with him.

Eisa has to go on dialysis again. Eisa needs to go to the hospital, so you'll be at Isaiah's house this weekend. Eisa needs to go to England so baba is going to go with him. Eisa. Fucking Eisa.

He'd already received a transplant. It was two years after the accident. That was the last time Zach spoke to him, when he was forced to accompany his parents into the in-patient room to wish his brother well on the surgery. It had been one week before his semester started as a new undergraduate at the University of Texas.

After the sparring of words they'd had the night before, over text of course, Zach didn't have much to say other than, "Bye," when he walked out of the room, his face flushed with anger and resentment. He hated himself at that moment, not just because of the awful thoughts he had, the malicious wishes that rang in his head.

He hated himself because inside his heart, buried deep beyond the darkness and rage that infected it, he wanted his older brother to be okay. He wanted him to be healthy, and alright. He was filled with this guilt and self-righteousness that tore him in half.

Not knowing and understanding or even being able to control his feelings made Zach livid.

After everything, how could he still care about that selfish asshole? How could there still even be a semblance of affection for that man—boy—child? After everything he'd done, not just with the accident, but even in his childhood.

still Perhaps it was because of his parent's favorite mantra: blood is thicker than water . That saying stuck with him throughout his childhood, that allowed him to forgive his brother for breaking his arm, burning his leg, and fracturing his toes. That phrase sustained the frail relationship he had with his brother up until that very second—that very moment that not only altered the course of Zach's life but his perspective on it.

blood is thicker than water That was when he learned the full idiom. When he was lying in his hospital bed, acquainting himself with the new features of his new visually impaired accessible laptop.

Blood of the covenant is thicker than the water of the womb .

Blood of the covenant is thicker than the water of the womb He didn't have to always forgive and keep Eisa in his life. He didn't have to put his brother above himself, above his own feelings, simply because he was family. That was the day that he realized his best friend, the one that visited him every day at the hospital, was his real brother. His chosen brother.

have have because real chosen And yet now, as Zach dug his heels into the rocks of the playground as he swung back and forth, jostling Buster's head with every lift, he felt that same uneasy feeling that nauseated him the day Eisa got his transplant.

"Why me?" he whispered. He sniffled, shutting his eyes tight as if that could make the whole world disappear behind another layer of nothing. "Why is this happening to me?"

Had he not gone through enough? Was losing his eyesight—one of the most, if not the most, essential sense to have—because of Eisa not enough? Must he sacrifice more for his brother?

more What had he ever received in return from his beloved brother? Nothing other than pain, sadness, confusion, and despair.

beloved The instant his mother asked him, he wanted to say no. His whole body shook with that one word, those two letters. It was on the tip of his tongue, ready to burst out if he would just open his mouth and let his breath project the insistent thought in his head.

But he couldn't. Not when his chest felt constricted, as if a three-hundred-pound panda was sitting on his chest, suffocating him. So, he did the only thing that he could. He drowned out the sounds of his parents' words—his mother's pleas to him, his dad's angry words at her—and left the apartment, Buster following close behind.

It didn't take him long on his venture outside to know what he was going to do. It didn't take him long to realize, as the leaves in the trees rustled in the forceful wind, their thin branches knocking into one another to create this orchestra of nature, what he had already decided.

Zach was different. Fuck if he knew why, or how to change. But he was different. He hated it—loathed to even acknowledgment this fact.

Still, it didn't change its existence.

So Zach knew that in a few minutes—or hours—he would get up from this swing, drag himself back to the apartment, and tell his parents that yes, he will donate a kidney to the man that almost killed him.

The man that robbed him of happiness for eight years.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. ♛





edited 08.31.20

edited 08.31.20 zoo-wee mama. four more chapters to go and then an epilogue! I've been trying to write/post/edit all at once and lemme tell ya it's hard. especially since i just started watching the show Lucifer and it's freaking addictive. this chapter is a lot more angsty than all the other chapters but it had to happen haha. the next chapter should be a lot more light-hearted.

zoo-wee mama. four more chapters to go and then an epilogue! I've been trying to write/post/edit all at once and lemme tell ya it's hard. especially since i just started watching the show Lucifer and it's freaking addictive. this chapter is a lot more angsty than all the other chapters but it had to happen haha. the next chapter should be a lot more light-hearted. the next chapter isn't written but the last four are so it's just major editing that needs to be done. whoopy hopefully it won't take too long :)

the next chapter isn't written but the last four are so it's just major editing that needs to be done. whoopy hopefully it won't take too long :) anyways, i hope you guys enjoyed this chapter! if you did, please vote & let me know what you think :)

anyways, i hope you guys enjoyed this chapter! if you did, please vote & let me know what you think :)





12.1 | The Therapist and Her (Difficult) Patient


TWELVE

TWELVE ♛

SARAH WAS DRUNK .

SARAH WAS DRUNK "I'm fine," she slurred, leaning her weight into Zach as she stumbled through the door. "I'm so good. I could run a marathon."

It was a little ironic to see the pair as they made their way to Zach's bedroom. A blind guy leading a drunk girl.

"You hate cardio," Zach reminded her. He was trying his hardest to balance the both of them. He had one arm out to feel his way around the room, with his other arm wrapped around her.

"No, I love cardio. I'm so good at jumping jacks that my boobies jump with me, too."

Isaiah, who was walking behind the couple to make sure neither of them toppled down, laughed. Zach turned his head in warning.

"Besides, I got you to take care of me, baby." She placed her hand on her cheek and placed a sloppy kiss there. "You might be blind, but you don't act like it. Mm, the places those hands can find where no eyes can see."

"Sarah," Zach hissed, his ears burning.

"Oh, no, don't be modest on my account. Our walls aren't soundproof." Under his breath, Isaiah muttered, "And y'all some nasty motherfuckers."

"We're nasty?" Sarah snorted. Zach finally made it to the bed and deposited her on the mattress. He patted his way down her body, taking off her jewelry and stockings and shoes. "We're nasty? You're the one that talks to every vagina you come in contact with. You name them, have conversations with them. And you're calling us nasty?"

"Oh yeah. I love naming those special kitties. Platapussy, Love Button, the Feast of Taco Tuesday—that was Cecilia's. God, it was better than Taco Bell, y'know."

"What in tarnation, Isaiah. That's not healthy."

"What?" Isaiah responded defensively. "It creates a bond between us. A sense of trust. Communication is key to any relationship."

"Pretty sure that communication needs to be done from mouth to mouth. Lip to lip," Zach retorted.

Isaiah's voice was smug when he replied, "Oh trust me, it is lip to lip."

Sarah giggled and snuggled deeper into the bed. Zach finally got her last shoe off and made a motion to get up and go to the kitchen to grab her some water, but she had other ideas. She wrapped her arms around him and curled himself against him. "That's my favorite type of communication. Riah is so good at it."

"Oh, I bet it is," Isaiah whistled.

"Can you grab Sarah a bottle of water and Gatorade?" Zach asked his friend, hoping to end this T-M-I conversation.

"Yeah, sure."

Sarah pouted against Zach's neck. "I don't wanna drink anything."

"But you need to," he said against the top of her head. He repressed the look of disgust on his face when he inhaled the smell of her hair. Someone hadn't showered in a few days, huh.

"How do you know? You don't even drink."

That was true. Zach's first time drinking was when he was fifteen and Isaiah had dragged him to a bon fire. Inebriated, Isaiah had walked through the kindled fire with his bare feet. Zach, who was still nursing his first drink, was so disgusted by the behavior Isaiah's uninhibited mind had compelled him to do that he never finished that cup. The only other times he drank was when he was with his parents at dinner, and even then, it was just a sip or two of wine.



But just because Zach wasn't an expert alcoholic didn't mean he didn't have the skillset to take care of one. The number of times Zach had to take care of a trashed Isaiah—especially after Flora crushed his soul, stepped on it, spat for good measure, and walked away—made Zach a downright professional.

"Doesn't mean I don't know how to take care of you." He kissed the top of her head and she smiled against him and his heart stuttered.

There was something about Sarah's smiles, something quite inexplicable. Unable to bear testament to their beauty through sight, the feel of them was out of this word. To have her lips stretched out—her teeth peering behind slightly parted lips—against his skin. His chest, his neck, his cheeks, his nose. The way his fingers would ghost over the puckered flesh, memorizing the curvature, only to be distracted by her tongue licking his exploratory fingers.

It was this wonder of knowing that when he had a bad day, when he felt despair loom over him like a heavy cloud, he could lie on his bed and remember. Remember the timber of her laugh, the feel of her body shaking with joy as she rested on top of him and he tickled her body. Remember the feel of her smile, the purr of pleasure that encapsulated him when he sealed his mouth on hers and touched her the way she wanted.

That's all he did during those few months apart after Thanksgiving break. Holed himself in his room, refusing to go out and be with the family. Lying in bed, listening to podcast after podcast, pausing only to close his eyes and relish in the memories, savoring those moments even more.

They talked too, of course. But only at night—very late at night, when everyone was sleeping. They would whisper words of longing to each other. On some particular days, when Sarah missed him too much, they would even moan their salacious desires to each other until a crescendo of ecstasy washed through them.

He'd hated it, those months apart. He hated the void that wrapped around him as if he was back to his former self. It sucked even more because when he would tell Sarah this, that being away from her, not talking to her until after the feeling eviscerated its way through him, she hadn't reassured him. She'd offer a simple, "Aw, babe," before changing the subject to what happened to her that day.

A part of him had been annoyed by her selfishness. Why didn't she care about how he felt? More than that, why did she not feel the same way he felt? Did he not make her happy? Was being away from him fun? Did she prefer it?

prefer Those thoughts didn't help his demons. The indignant stagnation and self-pity he cocooned himself in were tight and suffocating. It wasn't until he got back to Massachusetts, two months later, to see Sarah that the relief settled in. Having her in his arms, the press of her cheek against his chest felt like that exact moment when a sound of thunder erupts through the sky, followed by that inevitable flash of light. An event he knew would happen, he anticipated, and finally received.

Sarah. The beacon in his storm. The order to his mayhem.

"Sarah, you have to drink a little more," Zach urged her when she put down the bottle of Gatorade after one sip.

She'd already rested her head on his shoulder, propping herself against him.

"'Cmon, just a little more." He pressed the bottle to her lips—well, a first it was her chin, and then he found her lips. She turned her head away and Zach let out an annoyed sigh.

She didn't like that. Sad, Sarah pushed against his chest and rolled to the other end of the bed. "Are you mad at me?" Her voice was small but then transformed into anger. "Why are you mad at me?"

"I'm not mad," Zach reassured, swallowing another sigh. It was midnight and he was exhausted. School started tomorrow and he had to be in his advisor's office by 7 a.m. which meant he needed to wake up at 5.



"You're mad and I don't know why. You're always just fuckin' moody or needy and it's fucking annoying." Her words were muffled by the pillow or blanket she'd face-planted on.

Zach clenched his jaw. He was not moody or needy. With Sarah, he was nice and attentive. Granted, he could get a little—just a little—down when she was with him and wasn't paying attention to him.

Patience, patience, patience everyone, he sang to himself. It was the childhood song he learned when he was younger. Patience.

Patience. "Can you please finish the drink? I know you don't want to, but it'll be good for you." He leaned his head back against the headboard and held the drink out to her. "Please."

"So controlling," she muttered before snatching it out of his hand. He heard her gulp it down before pressing it back to him. He took it and placed it on his nightstand, setting a mental reminder to throw it away in the morning.

He didn't know how to behave right now. He couldn't tell if she was angry. If only he could see her face—God, this was so infuriating. Her body language was telling him she wanted him, her hand laying on his upper thigh, her whole body pressed into his side. But her constant sniffs, and the fact that he could hear the clicks of her phone's keyboard, suggested otherwise.

"Do you want me to take off your make up?" he asked, hesitating a bit before brushing his hand through her hair. She flinched for a moment before furrowing deeper into his simple embrace.

"Mm, yeah. Makeup wipes are in my bag."

He got up from the bed and she made a sound as her heavy head fell onto the mattress.

"Yo, is Sarah okay?" Isaiah asked. Zach was rummaging around the kitchen, patting for the bag that he was certain he'd thrown on the counter. Isaiah had most likely heard him in the kitchen.

"Yeah, why?" Zach continued to pat around, schooling his features to not show the annoyance he felt with his girlfriend.

Isaiah walked towards him and knocked her bag against his arm. "'Cause this is like the fourth time she's gotten wasted since we've come back ... and we've only been back four days."

Zach shrugged. "I mean yeah, but like, you get drunk a lot, too."

"I get drunk on weekends when I have no responsibility. And I definitely don't get drunk the same day I recover from a hangover. That's asking for a fuck-ass headache."

Pursing his lips, Zach rummaged through her bag and stopped when he found the set of plastic make-up wipes. "She's just having fun before the semester starts. Whoopity-fuckin'-doo-da."

Isaiah opened the fridge, the glass bottles of their condiments knocking together in the side door. "Bro, don't get mad. I'm just askin'. I mean, maybe something is wrong with her. She doesn't ... look okay."

Isaiah's words latched onto his every thought as he made his way back into the bedroom. As he wiped Sarah's make-up off her face, listening to her instructions when he'd missed a spot, he tried to feel her expression. That was hard considering he was pulling her face in every which way.

When he finished, he grabbed another wipe, exactly as she liked, and wiped off any residue. Now, she was singing a happy song, her voice filled with glee and joy as she belted off-key. He felt a little bad for his roommate by how loud she was being, but he couldn't shake off Isaiah's observations.

When he was done, he grabbed the used wipes and the empty bottles and threw them away before climbing back into the bed. Sarah sighed in relief when he laid by her side. She wrapped her arms around him and nestled herself into his chest, her favorite spot.

She moaned gently, rubbing herself against him. "Mm, you feel nice."

Normally, he would be aroused by her actions. By the way her hand rubbed back and forth on his pecks, her leg flung over his, moving against him. But she was drunk, and more so, based on Isaiah's words, upset.

"Sarah," he finally whispered, his head turned away from her. He took off his sunglasses and placed them on his bedside. Then, he repeated himself. "Sarah, are you okay?"

Sarah giggled and kissed his Adam's apple. "No, but that's okay."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. ♛

edited 08.31.20

edited 08.31.20 lowkey proud of myself for getting this chapter written. granted, i kind of skipped out on work today, not because i wanted to write this chapter but because I've been feeling drained and so unmotivated. can't wait to get chewed out by my boss

lowkey proud of myself for getting this chapter written. granted, i kind of skipped out on work today, not because i wanted to write this chapter but because I've been feeling drained and so unmotivated. can't wait to get chewed out by my boss anyways, the next chapters are really going to be action-packed (at least the next two). so I'm just trying to prep yall right now. we only have 4 more chapters to go (3 full chapters and an epilogue in Sarah's POV) so we're close to the finish line.

anyways, the next chapters are really going to be action-packed (at least the next two). so I'm just trying to prep yall right now. we only have 4 more chapters to go (3 full chapters and an epilogue in Sarah's POV) so we're close to the finish line. this was my last "new" chapter. the next four are re-writes from when i previously wrote this story. believe it or not, those chapter editing take longer than writing it from scratch. but I'm exited to get the rest posted so i can focus heavily on editing! we're already at 40,000 words for this story, so just 12,000 (maybe 14,000) more to go and we're complete-amundo.

this was my last "new" chapter. the next four are re-writes from when i previously wrote this story. believe it or not, those chapter editing take longer than writing it from scratch. but I'm exited to get the rest posted so i can focus heavily on editing! we're already at 40,000 words for this story, so just 12,000 (maybe 14,000) more to go and we're complete-amundo. anywyay, if you enjoyed please vote & comment. let me know what you think :)!!

anywyay, if you enjoyed please vote & comment. let me know what you think :)!!





12.2 | The Therapist and Her (Difficult) Patient


"How are you feeling today, Zach?"

"Great, just great," Zach heaved. Buster sat beside him, his head resting on his owner's lap. Zach languidly rubbed his guide dog's ears.

"Ah, sarcasm, how I've missed you," Dr. Brooke retaliated in a dry tone.

"Well, it's back, and here to stay."

Dr. Brooke sighed and folded her hands together. "Y'know, your mother and I talked over the break."

"Yeah?" Zach's eyes narrowed. "Isn't that a breach in client-patient confidentiality?"

Dr. Brooke readjusted herself in her seat, the leather squeaking as a result of her movement. "No, not if I didn't reveal anything you've spoken to me about. Not that you have spoken to me about anything."

"I talk to you," Zach muttered.

"Me tricking you into revealing how you feel isn't talking, Zachariah."

That's more than Sarah and I do, he thought bitterly. His dog yelped when he rubbed a little harder than he should have. He pecked an apologetic kiss on his muzzle.

"Either way," Dr. Brooke continued, "I talked to your mother, and she told me about you donating a kidney to Eisa."

Zach felt ice trickle down his spine, his body going rigid. He swallowed several times, chewing on his bottom lip, before responding, "Yeah, so."

His therapist didn't respond at first. She tapped her pen against her note pad. A rhythmic thud that Zach tapped his foot to. It was unconscious, and when he realized he was doing it, he placed his hand over his right knee to stop himself.

"So, you don't want to."

"Yes, I do. I already agreed to do it." He clenched his fist.

Dr. Brooke sighed and once again shifted in her seat. He wished she would stay still. "Hm, I definitely don't think that's the case. I think you're lying, that you really don't want to do it, but you're saying yes, and I want to know why."

"Why does it matter why I'm doing it? I'm doing it."

There was a smile in her voice. "Do the ends justify the means? Should we care about the path we take if it arrives at our destination? Very philosophical questions, and perhaps we can come to an agreement that, morally speaking, we should know how we come to conclusions."

He didn't know what it was that broke the dam, what made the words tumble out of him, but suddenly he was talking, pulling on his ears, running his hand through his hair, dragging his hand up and down his thigh.

"He's my brother, of course, I should donate the kidney. I'll be fine. It'll be okay. I shouldn't have any potential kidney failures, at least according to the doctors. Especially since I don't drink. And it's a good thing to do, right? Save someone's life. But...my question for this cosmic joke that is my existence, save for Sarah, is why me? Why did I have to be the match for him? Why did it have to be me that gives him a part of myself, as if he hasn't taken enough from me? He might as well hold my eyes in his hands—he's the one that robbed of them."

He meant to stop there, to just share how sacrificial and kind he was being despite his older brother's ugliness. But he couldn't. Words and feelings he kept to himself, thoughts he let rummage in his head, never manifesting in his words, only his actions, tumbled out of him.

"Did you know he stole my favorite hat when I was seven? My favorite hat. I got it signed by Allen Iverson before he left the 76er's. And he stole it. He stole it, he wore it, and he never gave it back. I found it four years later buried in the backyard next to a dead bird that was also buried in the backyard. I bet he killed it. Isn't that a sign of a psychopath?



"Oh, and to make this whole fucking thing even better, did you know he didn't even apologize to my face about what he did? My parents did it for him. And then bam, right after my surgery—failed surgery, by the way—he's out of the United States. He's in England, doing whatever the fuck he wants to do. Probably drinking and wasting his fucking kidney away."

Zach was gasping by the end of his tirade and he hadn't realized it, but he was standing up, pacing. The pacing was normal for Zach, but only when he had a problem he really didn't know how to solve. He would pace and mentally map himself in whatever room he was in. It helped him clear his head.

But right now, he was stomping back and forth along the length of the couch. Buster, who sensed this huge spike in emotions, was walking by his side, nuzzling against him foot with every other step.

"But you're still giving him your kidney," Dr. Brooke mused. "Do you ... expect something from him in return?"

Zach whipped his head to where Dr. Brooke sat, his lips curled in a snarl. Instinctively, he wanted to rage that he didn't expect shit from Eisa, but that wasn't true. Because the second he thought those words, when he almost spoke them to her, his stomach turned.

Did he expect something from Eisa? He already knew he wouldn't have to come in contact with Eisa during the whole process—they would be treated in two separate rooms, recovering in two separate rooms. So, what could he get from Eisa?

A thank you, perhaps? An acknowledgment of Zach's sacrifice? To witness the gratitude in Eisa's voice as he realized that he owed Zach—not just once, but twice.

"Do you want him to admit his wrongdoings? Is that it?" Dr. Brooke suggested when Zach became too quiet for too long.

"I—he won't ever do that."

"But you want him to? Is that it?"

Zach's nails bit into his skin so deep, he could swear he penetrated through the surface of his skin. "I mean, doesn't everyone?"

"Of course. We all want to have our feelings validated, and what's more gratifying than having someone admit that our emotional defects are because of them."

"Are you trying to be condescending, or does it come naturally?" Zach hissed, crossing his arms over his chest.

"I'm not being condescending, Zachariah. I'm trying to make you realize how you feel. Process and understand these emotions that lead you to these decisions."

Zach didn't need Dr. Brooke to help him process how he felt. He knew how he fucking felt. He was the one feeling those things. He walked towards the couch and took his seat again, Buster following close behind.

"Zach, do you—"

Zach's phone blared, ringing loud and clear throughout the room. "A phone call from Sarah yellow heart emoji."

He jerked it out of his pocket and answered. "Hey, babe."

"Zach," Sarah slurred into the phone. Zach pinched his brows together, and he pressed his phone closer to his ears, lowering the volume. "Zachy-Riah. Zachy-baby."

"Sarah, I'm in therapy," he murmured as if Dr. Brooke wouldn't be able to hear him. He pursed his lips, wishing he could slice through his therapist's silent judgment. He didn't have to see to know what she was thinking.

"Oh-la-la, can I join?" She giggled, and a smile pulled at the corner of his lips as it normally did when he heard her laugh.

"No babe, but I'll call you back later. Can you call an Uber and head to my apartment? Isaiah will take care of you until I get there." Anytime she was drunk, she went to his place. Never hers.

"Okay," she sang. And then she blew a kiss on the phone and hung up.

Why is she drunk? It's a Tuesday, he thought, placing his phone under his thigh.

"And then there's Sarah," Dr. Brooke muttered.

"What about Sarah?" he growled.

"I'm just saying, she's another one of your ... emotional tangles."

Zach shot up from his seat, grabbing Buster by the leash. "Y'know what, I gotta go. Sarah needs me and I feel like we've made enough progress for me to leave today."

"Okay," Dr. Brooke relented easily. She got up as well to walk him to the door. "But just remember that even though you might think I'm not here for you, I am. I have nothing to lose from helping you. In fact, there's an incentive to help you more so by the paycheck your mother deposits every other week."

"Yeah, alright." Zach gave a stiff smile before walking out the door.

But no one could understand him.

Especially not when he didn't understand himself.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





13.1 | How the Fuck Did This Happen?


THIRTEEN

THIRTEEN ♛

THE SKIN ON SARAH'S forearm was soft.

THE SKIN ON SARAH'S If Zach didn't know who he was touching, he'd have perceived her to be some sort of magnanimous sculpture, shaped by one of the greatest visionaries in existence. He could even have mistaken her for a stray rock by the oceanside, unblemished through the years of erosion that marred away the roughness in its surface.

Either way, it was an addictive sensation, one he loved to indulge in whenever the opportunity arose.

Sometimes he would go for the simple caress. He'd place his palm against the curve of her shoulder and let this thumb draw miscellaneous shapes. Other times, he would drag the pads of his fingers down her arm and back up, and then repeat the motion with the tip of her nails. That would usually make her shiver.

He was also doing the latter motion now.

"That tickles," she mouthed against him. She was still panting from the extraneous physical performance that had taken place on Zach's bed a minute ago.

"Good tickle or bad tickle?"

"An okay tickle."

okay Zach growled playfully and craned his neck, nipping at her earlobe. "Only okay ?"

okay "Above subpar, and below mediocre—that type of okay."

" Below mediocre? Me?" Zach huffed. He moved his arm from around her shoulder as an objection and instead placed both his hands behind his head. "I've attempted to escape mediocracy my whole graduate career, and now I'm being told, by my girlfriend no less, that my touch is mediocre."

Below "Well, not all your touches." She grabbed his hand and dragged it down the front of her body, settling it against the heat of her. She sighed and took a nip at his neck.

all "Round three perhaps?" Zach asked, already adjusting his position to lay on his side. He probably wouldn't be able to enjoy it himself, but that didn't mean she couldn't have some supervised independent fun.

three supervised Sarah shook her head and kissed his nose. "No, no. I'm exhausted." Zach moved his hand away and wrapped them around her, surrounding her with his love. Their bodies completely aligned; their fronts flushed against one another. He adored her form—so full and soft. Like a pillow that was made precisely for him.

That's how he was convinced she was his perfect half. He was definitely revisiting his previous notions on soul mates.

"I'm glad you're exhausted. Today was ... different ." He lowered the timbre of his voice intentionally, not bothering to conceal his smirk.

different "Mhm. I don't even want to know where you learned to do that but I'm definitely not complaining," Sarah said into his chest.

Zach chuckled. "Isaiah has no boundaries and loves to talk about his—er— adventures a la bedroom . And since he always has ... uh ... different flavors , he's always learning something new."

adventures a la bedroom flavors Sarah shook her head against his chest, her lips twisted in what he discerned as disgust. "I'm all for sexual promiscuity, and I love the man, but God, sometimes he can be so ... blegh . I mean, I understand that he's young and all, but how does he have this much sex with this many different people . Is he not afraid of STD's or a broken condom? How is he so incapable of settling down?"

blegh this much sex this many different people "I have no idea. I mean, I'm having a lot of sex, but I've got you. So I guess I'm the real winner here even if my Little Black Book has only one name." He kissed her head and let his hand travel down to her ass, trying to press her closer as if they could osmotically absorb into each other, but it was futile. Not even a silver of air could permeate its way between them.



Sarah scratched her false nails against the root of his scalp, tugging on his hair. She giggled at his adoring words. And even though Zach was languid from the release he'd just had, something about the way she laughed sounded off. It wasn't as melodic as it usually was, the pitch lower than usual.

He didn't bother to dwell on it, though.

"Do you think you can grab a bottle of water for me? I'm parched," Sarah asked him after a few minutes.

"Oh God, I honestly can't move a bone in my body," Zach groaned. "I'm so exhausted. What did you do to me, woman?"

"Right back at 'cha," she snorted. She moved her foot, and their toes curled together. He would never get over how intimate everything seemed with her, even after being together for so long. How simple a brush of skin or a small gesture made him feel engulfed in this ethereal warmth. Her warmth.

Today marked their nine-month anniversary as an official couple. Zach wanted to do something special. Sarah wanted to have sex.

Sarah's needs came first.

Isaiah didn't think they were normal. Especially not when Sarah jumped on Zach the second he'd opened the door for his girlfriend today. His best friend was always a silent observer, never quiet offering his opinion unless he felt the need to.

Or, if he could hide his true thoughts with a joke.

But last month, when he sat on the couch next to Sarah and Zach as the couple watched a sappy rom-com that Sarah chose, Isaiah spoke his mind to Zach in the privacy of their kitchen.

"Don't you think this is weird?"

"What's weird?" Zach asked, emulating his friends hushed volume.

"The fact that y'all seem to be stuck in this permanent honey-moon phase." He gagged a little. "It's gross, not normal, and ... too fuckin' happy."

too fuckin' Zach shrugged, rolled his eyes, and went back to his girlfriend with her bowl of Cheez-Its and Diet Dr. Pepper. He didn't care what anyone thought. He was happy.

But Isaiah wasn't wrong in his perception of the two. At least, not completely. They did everything a new-wed couple would do at the start of their marriage. They ignored all the bad, swallowed all the annoying habits and comments, and homed in on the good. Every problem that came their way was immediately bandaged with a short-term solution that would inevitably blow up in their faces (well, that's what Isaiah thought).

And what was this magical solution? Zach taking the fall, apologizing, and adjusting his mannerisms accordingly.

His therapist didn't think their relationship was healthy. But what did Dr. Brooke now? She was single.

Besides, Zach liked where they were at. He liked spending almost all his time with her—all his free time that is. When he wasn't with her, he was sad and alone. He attempted to fill the time with sleep, research or Reddit.

Although, he was a little ashamed to admit that he got reprimanded by his research PI for slacking off due to his over-excitement of being with Sarah after months away.

He didn't mind. What was a little yelling in the grand scheme of things?

His mother, however, didn't see it like that. She was livid when he told her casually over the phone that Mr. Canner yelled at him. She immediately stated that since she hadn't met the girl, and since she seemed to be a bad influence, Zach should break up with her. Thus, he stopped talking about Sarah with the overprotective woman, especially since he was tired of his mom mentioning how Zach should try and find a nice Arab girl to settle down with, instead.



He didn't want another girl, especially not a nice, demure Arab one. He wanted Sarah. Always Sarah.

especially Tomorrow Sarah would be leaving for another trip with her friends. She seemed to be doing that a lot lately. Granted, it was Spring Break, but why she couldn't just spend it with him? He would be undergoing the transplant operation for Eisa in two days. He'd told her about it in January and asked if she would spend that week of recovery with him. She'd agreed, but the second her friends made the plans to go to Cabo, she bailed.

another In fact, when she first told him about going to Cabo, he'd been livid. She'd acted as if they were more important than him. How was that possible? He was her damn boyfriend. He cared about her so much, why couldn't she see that?

they Their argument had ended with a bitter apology even though he knew he was right and she was wrong.

knew Since then, they both pretended like it hadn't happened.

For the most part, their relationship was amazing. They laughed and joked. She taught him how to dance. They sang at karaoke bars and she drank until she could hardly keep herself upright. They went to dog parks so that Buster could have a break and have some fun. She watched TV shows with him and made ridiculous commentary. They went star gazing and she described every single constellation she saw (with the help of Google, although she wouldn't admit it).

They were happy. It was good. No matter what Dr. Brooke or his mother, and sometimes even Isaiah, might say, they were all good.

"I should get up," Sarah sighed. He'd been dozing off a little, and her words jolted him awake. Despite her words, she didn't make a motion to move. She continued to rest her head on his chest. He moved his arm so it curled around her shoulder and wrapped the other one around her torso to bring her closer.

"Did you tell your parents you'd be out late?" he inquired. She didn't say anything, and he knew what that meant. He racked his brain for comforting words, but nothing seemed good enough. So he stayed silent and tried to let his body reassure her in ways his words wouldn't.

"Do you ever feel like a wind chime?" she whispered suddenly. Zach's eyebrows shot up, but he wasn't that surprised by her words. Sarah was known to make random comments and observations

"A wind chime?"

"Yeah. A wind chime. Those things on porches that make noise when there's wind."

Zach pursed his lips, trying to find the meaning behind the metaphor. He was so tired that he couldn't even muster up one logical explanation. "Uh, not really." He paused for a moment. "What makes you feel like a wind chime?"

She was quiet. He could feel her blinking against his sternum, each brush of her lashes tickling his skin. The pads of her index finger outlined haphazard circles behind his ear, and he could feel her breath on his Adam's apple.

Fuck, he could just fall asleep right now, he was so lethargic.

"Everything I do," she began, her voice so soft and low that it was difficult for Zach to catch in his sleepy state, "is because of someone else."

"That's not true," he responded immediately. She shook her head before he could finish his sentence.

"No, no. It is. Everything I do seems to be for someone that isn't me."

"Like what?"

She stopped drawing the circles and detached herself from him. His body instantly suffered from the loss of her warmth. He was bone cold, clenching his jaw to keep his teeth from chattering. Sarah propped herself up against the bed frame, dragging the sheets off Zach. Her elbows rested below the right side of his collarbone. He mimicked her position.

"Like my dad."

Oh God, her dad , Zach thought. He'd never met her father, Professor Joyo, but he'd heard things about him, mostly from Sarah. He knew the dirty little secrets, the ones that couldn't be found in biographies and CVs posted on Google Scholar. He knew of the petulant strictness and pressure. The dominance he held over his family in an unbending patriarchy. The rigid structure he commanded and maintained in his house, making honest communication near impossible for his only daughter.

Oh God, her dad "Maybe you should move out?" Sarah scoffed at his suggestion. He'd made it before. She didn't like it those times either.

"And do what? Live on my own? With what money? Harvard costs a fortune. I'd have to drop out just to make ends meet."

"I'd let you live with me. And you could take out loans." He knew she was shaking her head. "Oh, come on Sarah, if you want to be free, just be free."

He was aware of how hypocritical it was for him to say this to her. For packaging the concept so effortlessly when he knew damn well how difficult it truly was.

He understood where she was coming from, really, he did. But sometimes it just seemed silly because she had a way out—him.

Unlike her, when he'd been stuck, when he'd had to overcome his parents' inherent protectiveness, he has no one to fall back on. It didn't help that they lived in one culture, and his parents still abided by their culture. A culture came that encouraged parents to imbed themselves into their children's lives regardless of age.

their But on another level, he didn't get it. Sarah was the type to dwell on issues and not work to push past them. When Zach had wanted to be independent in college, desperately wanted it, he'd worked for it. For two years after his high school graduation, he'd proved to his mom and dad that he could live on his own, that he would be okay. That he didn't need his mother to live with him every other week, and when she wasn't there, have a fucking nanny.

desperately Granted, there were times while he was working hard that he felt defeated. That he wanted to give up, just wallow in the pitiful sink that was his life. But he didn't. Instead, Zach allowed other cynical thoughts to uproot and take space in his mind.

Sarah didn't seem to like what he had to say. She never liked what he had to say about his matter. Perhaps it was because he didn't get it, despite his claims. He might have deluded himself into thinking he did, but the truth was that he didn't. He didn't get it.

And no matter how many times she would explain it to him, he interpreted what she had to say in the way he wanted and not in the way she was trying to convey.

he In the end, the two usually wounded up in a state of concealed frustrated with one each other.

"We've been over this a million times, Zach," she sighed. Her voice was muffled as if she was covering her mouth somehow. "It's not that easy for me ."

me For a girl , is what she didn't say. He pursed his lips. He didn't know what to say and it made him feel useless and frustrated.

For a girl "What prompted all this?"

Why does she have to ruin today? We were having a good time , he thought bitterly.

Why does she have to ruin today? We were having a good time "I just realized that I'm not happy," she whispered. If the weight of her words wasn't enough to eviscerate him, the fact that she was already climbing off the bed did.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. ♛





edited 08.31.20

edited 08.31.20 welp : - )

welp : - ) if you enjoyed this chapter (or have something to say) please leave a comment and maybe even vote :D?

if you enjoyed this chapter (or have something to say) please leave a comment and maybe even vote :D?





13.2 | How the Fuck Did This Happen?


He was confused, disoriented almost. In his eight—almost nine—years of being blind, he'd never once felt so adrift, like a boat at sea that just can't weather the tides.

Scratch that—not only could he not weather those tides, he couldn't see, couldn't comprehend what caused them, unaware of when the warning signs for the storm showed up. And bam , he's propelled off course.

bam Where was this coming from? What had happened between them cuddling and her suddenly speaking up?

He unconsciously rubbed his chest as if an invisible fist had punched him there, dispersing the cloud of content that previously enshrouded him. "What do you mean you're not happy?"

Had Zach not done enough—been enough? Did he need to do more? What more could he do?

He had this itch all over him. It was the type of itch that consumed him when he had a problem he desperately wanted to solve. Like running a code that wouldn't work despite all his efforts to run it—to perfect it.

Sarah swallowed, the sound loud, echoing in the room and thrumming in his ears as if she'd realized the mistakes of her words.

Zach and Sarah go completely still. She stood there, near the bed, not quite dressed. He was sitting on said bed, half his body exposed to the spring air. His heartbeat clamored against his ribs, and everything seemed fuzzy and distant.

Sarah's words swam in his head.

I just realized that I'm not happy.

I just realized that I'm not happy. I just realized that I'm not happy .

I just realized that I'm not happy I just realized that I'm not happy .

I just realized that I'm not happy I just realized that I'm not happy .

I just realized that I'm not happy It was like a shitty song he couldn't stop singing, couldn't stop hearing.

The combination of words rang in different tones in his mind—some high, some low, some sad, some mad. But they all coagulated to one message: Sarah was not happy.

The words penetrated through every memory he had with her. The good ones, like when they'd laugh and sit together, her body nestled into his as if it had been there forever. The bad ones, like when Zach got upset over how she didn't hang out with him enough, didn't prioritize him as he prioritized her.

Then he thought of how happy he was, and the words didn't make any fucking sense to him. He was having so much fun, feeling so content and fulfilled, and yet ...

he "I want more," she gasped.

Zachariah was filled with rage now. The vagueness of that phrase—the underlying sadness that was hidden in those words, the sadness he was incapable of analyzing because he'd been ambushed into this conversation. He wished he could pause this moment and do a Root Cause Analysis, to follow the string of her words and action and find its source.

They'd never broached this topic before, and he didn't know why it had to happen now, of all times. They'd just had sex, for God's sake.

Usually, when she was upset, it revolved around her father and his sexist ideals. Zach could never help her with that. All he did was listen and try to comfort her the best way he could—which wasn't well.

"What more do you want? What makes you unhappy? Is it me? Am I not enough?"

more He wanted to see her face. To witness the mosaic in her eyes. To register the emotions that flitted across her face, the ones that wouldn't project in her voice.

But he was unhelpful and fucking blind. And just like that first moment he woke up in the hospital, disoriented and consumed by darkness that never went away, he was devastated. Because no matter how much he blinked or screamed or cried, nothing would change. He was in this state—this was the finality.



In this single continuum of time, he could say with full confidence that he'd never before felt such a compelling and nerve-wracking desire to see than now. She was far from him—he couldn't read her body language. He felt confused. Alone. The light that she exudes in his mind was starting to dim and this panic settled in him.

He was being blinded again. She was taking away his sight—her.

"Why ... why does this have to be about you?" she whispered. She sounded so desperate or perhaps it was whiny. Her sentence fell into a higher pitch at the end, so he couldn't decipher which emotion it was.

"I'm not making it—"

"No, no you are. You definitely are making this about you. Everything ... everything is about you , Zach. And I get it. I do, but we're not talking about you . We're talking about me and how I feel."

you you me Zach wanted to crawl out of his skin. He was an intelligent man, with an IQ well above average. Problems were meant to be easily identified, assessed, and resolved. But that's not the case right now. This was a fucking anomaly—a disruption in the fourth dimension, time, that couldn't be understood, and he wanted to scream in the agony.

How the fuck did it get to this point? That was his most persistent thought. One second they were having sex and relaxing and feeling good, and the next they're fighting. He was disoriented, almost in a sedated state, and he just couldn't get it.

How the fuck did it get to this point? He didn't understand anything. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.

Could he take back his words? Offer empty apologies so they could get over this fight and talk about it later when he didn't feel this muddled and adrift? He didn't feel present in this conversation. He was out of his body, observing everything behind a thin mirage.

It was like he was in that fucking Interstellar movie when he wanted to be out-of-stellar.

Interstellar But this was reality. He didn't get to take back his words, just like she couldn't take back hers. Because he'd latched onto something she said—a phrase that stuck out to him like a fly in a spider's web. No matter how much he tried to wiggle his way out, break free, he couldn't.

So he stayed there and dwelled before saying, "'I get it.' What? What do you get?"

She took too long to respond, and it felt like someone had robbed him of his other senses. He was somehow blinder, deafer, dumber. Like there was a bag closed over his head and he was stuck in this limbo of not knowing anything. He couldn't even tell if he was sitting or standing at this point. He was simply existing as he waited for her response, knowing that as every second passed, something bad was happening in her head.

Don't think , he wanted to tell her. Don't think about it. Why are you thinking about it?

Don't think Don't think about it. Why are you thinking about it? "Zach, let's just ... I'm going to go home."

"No!" he bellowed. He was glad Isaiah had already flown out for spring break. "No, I want to talk about this. What do you mean you 'get it'?"

"Zach ..." She was pleading. She wouldn't respond—refusing to give the answer they both knew. The one he refused to profess.

He wanted—needed—her to say it, even if he didn't want to hear it. He was a walking paradox, huh?

"Say it, Sarah. What do you get?"

He was borderline manic at this point. He was shaking, his face twitching, his body coiled tightly. He didn't know how he looked to her—what she was witnessing. Perhaps she saw him as pathetic, but he didn't care.

"I'm going home," she whispered. He heard her resume getting dressed.

He wanted to stop her. He started to walk towards her, but he didn't know where he was and the mirage wrapped around his mind distorted the mental perception he had of his surroundings. He didn't realize the bed was in his way, so he slammed against it and then lost balance and fell. The sound of his body collapsing onto the ground was loud to him, and the bruising pain that strummed in him made him snap out of whatever trance he was in before.

And complete and utter humiliation like he'd never felt in his life began to flood his every cell. It pricked his nerves and burned his eyes until he could feel tears collect in the corners before cascading down his nose and the side of his face. A droplet even makes its way to his ears—the very ears that had been his proxy eyes. He tried to reach for his nightstand, for his sunglasses, to just conceal him, to hide behind them.

She didn't rush to him. He thought she would, but she didn't. He would have thought she left the room if it weren't for the fact that he could hear her feet shuffle on the floor.

In the future, when Zach looked back at this memory, he was certain he could point out the definitive moment that catalyzed this event. Because that's what it was. Today, something had been a catalyst to the nightmare that was these last four minutes. And like a catalyst, it simply sped up the process of a reaction—of the destruction—but never caused it. It was going to happen anyways; it just needed that push—that mechanism to lower the activation energy—to occur.

"I'm going to go," Sarah murmured before opening and closing his door. He didn't have the strength or power or will to get up and stop her, to go after her. So, he just laid there.

He knew why she didn't help him and the truth of it hurt. It hurt because not only did he know he would have rejected her help and been indignant about it, but because he knew he still wanted her to try.

There was no winning with him, and he hated himself for it.

He didn't rise from the floor until his tears dried. Until the pain of his new bruise on his arm was numb. Until he could muster up the mental and physical energy to push himself off the ground.

As he got dressed, dead set on finding a way to fix this and distracted by the void that fills his soul, he was unaware of anything around him.

He was unaware of the doorknob to his apartment twisting in that creaky way it always did.

He was unaware of the metal hinges of the door rubbing against each other in that sharp manner that made Zach wince if he stood too close to them.

He was unaware of the heavy footsteps that entered the house.

He was even unaware of a man's voice shouting, "Zach? Zach? Are you home?"

He was unaware—deaf—to all this. That was why when hisolder brother, Eisa, opened the door to his bedroom, his familiar musky scentof peas and coffee infiltrating Zach's nose, it made Zach's already dark worldfill with absolute and utter nothingness.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





14.1 | The Coming of Eisa


FOURTEEN

FOURTEEN **a/n: someone please tell me y'all understand the title reference. i'll give y'all a hint: look up what the name eisa means in arabic**

**a/n: someone please tell me y'all understand the title reference. i'll give y'all a hint: look up what the name eisa means in arabic** ♛

WHEN ZACHARIAH WAS seven, he wanted a dog.

WHEN ZACHARIAH WAS He wasn't particular about the breed. He simply wanted one. A fluffster that was cuddly, joyous, and energetic. Preferably large. He wasn't too fond of those tiny rat-like puppies that yapped like a squeak toy and were easily kick-able.

Zach was determined to get one. He was compelled to have a dog in the house that was his very own. He was certain that this dog would fulfill that missing component in his life—if seven years of existence could be considered a proper life.

Regardless, this dog would be a means of fulfilling his destiny as a child. The destiny of being Dog Boy, a superhero that can communicate with dogs and gather them to conquer evil.

Zach had wanted one so badly that he begged his mom for five months. Every night when she would tuck him into bed and they'd read their prayers, he would ask her. Every time his dad took him to a park, he would make a big show of playing with any and every dog in sight. He even tried to do chores around the house to prove he was responsible. Granted, he fucked up every chore he undertook, but it was the effort that mattered, right? Not the stains and spills that marred the carpets and tiles around the house.

But his parents still said no.

" Ei'lata (Gross). We're not getting one, Zachy. It's just not a part of our culture, habibi (my love)," his mother would say in the same disapproving tone she always used. That excuse would infuriate Zach to no end, and even at the age of twenty-five, he would still hear her use it.

Ei'lata habibi still It wasn't until his brother Eisa, who was thirteen when he was eight, asked for a dog that their family got one. It was on Eisa's birthday, which was in May, a month after Zach's April, birthday, that inside a neatly wrapped box laid a two-month-old corgi. His mother claimed it was the family's dog, but it wasn't. Anytime Zach would try and play with Popo, Eisa would rage and their parents would always side with him.

Eisa. The oldest. The favorite.

His parents tried their best to conceal the obvious favoritism. They tried to love both kids equally, but actions spoke louder than words. Eisa's photo hung over the foyer and another in their parents' bedroom. Zach's was above the dining room table and in the Guest-Only living room.

Eisa was clearly the favorite. Everyone witnessed it; everyone pitied it.

But that was that. It was a fact. An acknowledgment Zach carried with him from the age of eight until now.

Being aware of that fact didn't make Zach bitter. Well, that wasn't completely true. In the first few years, Zach was livid and acted out, as any child would do. But later, he became subdued, accepting of the fact.

His parents always tried their hardest to suppress their preference, but it was obvious why Eisa was their favorite. Not only was it an integral part of Arab culture to revere the eldest son, but the fact that they thought Mrs. Sa'ad was barren made Eisa a fucking miracle.

And Zach an accident.

Eisa was the favorite back then, and even now, after the accident, his role as the number one son stayed undisputed.

Buster sniffed around Zach's feet, the canine's sudden motion bringing Zach out of his thoughts. He was sitting on the couch, lips tight, hands clasped with his elbows resting on his thighs. He assumed that Eisa took a seat across from him, on the love seat. Zach reached down to place his hand on his poodle's head and brought him closer.



Eisa might have gotten Popo, but Zach got Buster. And Buster was way better than Popo.

way "What are you doing here?" Zach finally asked, his tone laced malice. There were years of pent of resentment and anger in his voice, etched on his face, exuding from his every pore. He hoped it made Eisa feel uncomfortable.

They'd been sitting in the living room for five minutes without saying anything. As they sat there, Zach's tried to process everything that had happened in the last fifteen minutes, but he was struggling.

He had sex with Sarah. Good, mind-blowing sex.

He and Sarah got in a fight. Why? A painfully unknown reason.

Out of nowhere, his brother, Eisa, the reason for all the travesties that had ever occurred in Zach's life, appeared.

Piecing all this together was worse than piecing together the Ravensburger. So, he gave up.

"Picking you up. Mom and Dad couldn't come down since their flight from China got delayed." Even though it was subtle, Zach felt a gust of air in his direction. He adjusted his sunglasses, rolling his eyes. If memory served him right, the light gust of wind was generated by Eisa's nervous habit. When he sat down, he always put one leg over the other and propelled his foot in a circle. When he was extra nervous, the motion was faster.

Zach suppressed a smile of glee, elated his brother by birth was nervous in his presence. It gave him a taste of power that he didn't realize he needed.

"I don't need you picking me up," Zach lulled, appeased by Eisa's unease. He drew Buster closer to him and the dog nuzzled him affectionately. It was calming, but it didn't soothe the ache in his heart from what happened earlier with Sarah.

Eisa grunted. "Yeah, well, Mom begged me to grab you, so here I am." Eisa had turned to tap his foot on the cushioned floor, the carpet absorbing the sound. It was a soft and inconsistent pattern. Each thud made Zach's nose crinkle in disdain.

"Stop that," Zach snapped. Instantly, the noise stopped.

His mom was supposed to pick him up to take him to Virginia, where the kidney transplant was to occur. His dad's friend would be conducting the operation for Eisa and Zach had a "reputable surgeon" doing his—typical. His mother had insisted she come fly him down, just to make the process easier since she knew he detested airports, a fact he'd accidentally revealed during a moment of weakness. He'd complied, of course, but that was because his mother was insistent and annoying.

But now she'd sent Eisa, his known nemesis, in her stead. The audacity. He was already giving a motherfucking kidney—a fucking vital organ to his brother, and now he was expected to travel with the man?

known travel What the fucker-roonies.

"Are you packed?" Eisa asked after a too-long-to-be-comfortable stretch of silence.

"No."

His brother sighed. Zach could imagine him rolling his eyes and rubbing his temple. " Can you pack?"

Can "I can."

Zach heard a pop, probably from Eisa's lips. " Will you pack?"

Will Someone doesn't know how to use the word please , Zach thought.

Someone doesn't know how to use the word , "I don't want to leave tonight, so no."

He might not be able to see Eisa's face, but Zach knew the limits to his brother's temper. Knew it from years of being at the wrong end of it, seemingly for no reason. But this time, rather than evade the onslaught of the anger, he wanted to evoke it. To egg him on. To prove his point. To validate the skewed perception Zach had of him in his head.

Or because Zach wanted to let out his own anger onto someone—someone worthy of it.

his own "Well, too fucking bad," Eisa seethed between clenched teeth. "The flight leaves in six hours so we have to leave in four since it takes an hour to get to the damn airport."

leave "I'll just ask Mom to reschedule my flight."

"So you're going to waste money?"

"It's not like we don't have money to waste."

Eisa cleared his throat. Once. Twice. A third time. Even a fourth. When they were younger and he was stressed out, Eisa would oftentimes place both his palms on his forehead, close his eyes, and rub his temples, clearing his throat with each press. Eisa said the pressure he applied helped him focus.

Zach was certain that was what Eisa was doing right now. Rubbing his temple, clearing his throat, as if his younger brother was the biggest annoyance—inconvenience—in the world. As if Zach was a child that didn't know or understand what was going on. Even though it was Zach saving his life.

Even though Fucking twit. This notion alone stoked the fire inside Zach.

"Zachy, go pack your things."

In some vacant recess of Zach's mind, he knew his brother was being logical. He knew he had no reason to be angry with him, that he was simply doing his mother's bidding. Eisa probably didn't want to be here anymore than Zach wanted him here.

But it was Eisa and Zach fucking hated him. His parents used to preach that hate was only reserved for the devil and Zach believed the statement was valid.

That's why when he said he hated Eisa, he said it with his whole damn chest.

So, he couldn't help it. He couldn't be blamed for the hurt and rage and agony that exuded from him, that seeped out of him like thick molasses until it coated his whole being and he was wrapped around this sticky shell of unconcealable anger.

That was the moment Zach exploded, that the composure he held in himself ripped to shreds. His only thoughts were of the accident. The one that altered his life. The one he refused to think about but was bombarded with.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. ♛





edited 08.31.20

edited 08.31.20 one chapter & an epilogue left!

one chapter & an epilogue left! if you enjoyed this chapter please leave a vote and comment

if you enjoyed this chapter please leave a vote and comment





14.2 | The Coming of Eisa


Then Zach was back in his apartment, no longer stuck in the memory of that night.

"I hate you," Zach whispered. He'd always thought it. Always shouted those words in his mind when he was around Eisa, but he never spoke them.

Today, he did.

"I hate you," he repeated. The words took flight, soaring through the air around him. There was a sharp intake of breath from Eisa. A minute reaction, one that Zach was certain was involuntary. Was his brother shocked to hear those words out loud? Shocked, perhaps, but not surprised. Although Zach had never said it aloud to his face, it was a statement that always hung between them.

There was power in its vocalization—like breathing life into the word. He wanted to say it again, the compulsion wonderfully addictive. "I hate you."

"What the—"

"I fucking hate you!" Zach shrieked. His whole body was shaking. Buster began to move, aware of the visceral emotion running through his owner, and made a motion to approach Eisa, protective of his owner.

"Calm down!" Eisa shouted. Zach wasn't sure if the command was directed at him or Buster. But the way he screamed those words made him sound scared, and that only kindled the sick rage that twisted inside Zach.

"You ruined my life," Zach breathed in a hushed tone but the words had this deafening conviction to it. Undeniable. He'd only ever said these words to his therapists, to Isaiah. Fuck, he hadn't even told Sarah all of this.

Most importantly, he'd never spoken those words to the one person that needed to hear them.

needed And there was this relief, this anchor that lifted from him, and he wished he would have told his brother this earlier.

"Zachy, you know that—"

"You fucking knew you shouldn't have done it. I kept asking you to watch the road, to be careful. But you're just a selfish dick. You're a fucking asshole that only cares about himself."

knew "That's not true and you know --"

"And after it happened, what did you do? You ran away . You ran to Europe rather than face me. And when you came back, you acted like everything was normal. You acted like --"

ran away Then there were two hands grasping his shoulders. He felt assaulted. Violated. Disgusted by Eisa's touch. "Bullshit!"

Zach should be frightened. Eisa had a violent temper. When they were younger, Eisa would get a physical when he was really angry. But Zach wasn't frightened now. He was courageous, ready for a fight. Because of what happened with Sarah? Because of the confession? He didn't know.

really The fact was that on some level, Zach wanted Eisa to hit him. To somehow bring out a true sense of who he was and affirm the low opinion Zach had of him.

Sarah. Their fight. Eisa. The accident. Everything. He wanted to let it out.

"No—shut the fuck up when I'm speaking." Zach wrenched himself out of Eisa's grip. "You acted like you did nothing wrong. Like it was a fucking accident. Like you didn't know it would happen. But you ruined my mother fucking life. You fucking ruined it! Because of you , I can't see. And the one person—the one fucking person that made me feel like I was fucking normal is—Because of this. Because of your stupid ego. And I can't —I hate—I hate you!"

didn't you normal stupid Zach's voice was cracking and giving out. The shouts began to blur into sobs, and he collapsed onto the couch at the end of it.

He couldn't remember ever crying like this. Not even when the accident happened. But then again, Zach couldn't remember details from that time. His last memory was the sound of the fireworks, like gunshots, and the glass shattering in the jeep as it crashed into a tree.



Eisa was breathing heavily. Zach could hear it over his gasping cry. He could hear the jagged breathes as if he was having an asthma attack. Buster was whining and trying to curl against Zach, but his owner wasn't reacting.

"You're so selfish," Eisa finally whispered.

"I'm fucking selfish ?" Zach seethed.

fucking selfish "Yeah, you fucking are." Eisa's voice cracked as if he was crying.

"You don't get to cry--"

"Shut the fuck up, Zach. For once in your life, just shut up and actually fuckin' listen to me."

The words were spoken in a defeated tone, and it threw Zach off. Even in his haze of emotion, he recognized the change in Eisa's demeanor. No longer was the customary words-to-bullets there. It was like the two had reversed roles.

"All you do, all you've ever done since this has happened, is ... blame. And wallow. And I'm sick of it."

"You don't get—"

"No, shut up. Okay? Everyone has fucked up parts of their lives. No one person has a fucking perfect life. But instead of wallowing in pity and pointing fingers and blaming everything on a single person, they fucking make it work."

everything Eisa continued. "And for the record, I did apologize. So many times. I tried time and time again and you just never listened. You didn't want to forgive me. You wouldn't talk about it. You'd just get up and leave. What did you want me to do? Force you to listen? Write it with a fucking sky-line?"

never "You didn't --"

"I did. I fucking did, so many times. And I know what I did was fucked up, but I was ... young. It's not an excuse. But I was, Zachy. I was mad about my own life, about my own health problems, my social life—everything. And I didn't understand what consequences were, okay? And I'm sorry you had to take it. I'm sorry.

"You'll never understand how much I want to go back in time and just put myself in your place—or just to listen to you and not be a fucking dick. You don't know what type of guilt I fucking hold because you might hate me, but I swear I hate myself even more. And I'm fucking sorry. I'm sorry. You'll never know how fucking sorry I am but I am. I'm so, so, so, so sorry."

listen A deep, shaking breath, and the words kept coming. "I'm sorry I wasted our childhood being a fucking brat and not a brother. I'm sorry for always putting myself over you. I'm sorry for making your life hell when all you wanted was for me to be your friend. And I'm sorry for taking something from you—and for taking another thing from you because I know you don't want to give me your kidney. You and I both know you'd rather rip out my kidney and eat it.

know "So please believe me. Please, Zachariah. Please believe me when I saw I'm sorry and I'm begging you—I'll do anything for you to forgive me. Just ... sam'ih nee (Forgive me)."

sam'ih nee Zach knew that Eisa had only cried once before in his life. It was when his fiancé, Mindy, was pregnant and then had a miscarriage four months later. It happened a day before Zach's college graduation. His mother had missed his graduation to go to Eisa and Mindy. Zach, although understanding, was upset about it.

Now was the second time Eisa has cried. Zach had never heard the sound so clearly before. It sounded ugly—harsh and forced like the sound was being tortured out of him. There were obvious sniffles and hiccups as he tried to control the tears, but the attempts were futile.

Zach wanted to make it stop. He wanted to apologize and pretend like it never happened. But he couldn't. He couldn't say anything because he was crying too.

And the two crying, sharing in their pain and regret and feelings, didn't change anything. It didn't reverse the past. It didn't erase all the animosity that festered between them for twenty-four years.

But it was a step forward in moving on from it. To no longer let it shackle them.

They sat there for an hour, crying and trying to calm down. It wasn't comfortable, but it was a moment so long overdue. It didn't fix their actions, but it was needed. Like breaking the surface of a body of water and gasping for breath, just one breath, before submerging into its depths again.

The moment unraveled the malice between them, so painful and so delicate that when they finally calmed down, there was hesitation before they embrace each other for the first time in their lives.

And that hug rivaled the way he felt when Sarah smiled against him.

It rivaled any feeling he's ever felt in his life.

It rivaled everything.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





15.1 | Baba's Wise Words


FIFTEEN

FIFTEEN ♛

ZACH'S FAVORITE CAKE was cheesecake.

ZACH'S FAVORITE CAKE The decadent, creamy, and multi-textured dessert always elicited a sexual grunt from him the second the taste entered his mouth.

Anytime he was excessively bored, he'd Google cheesecake recipes. He knew all the secret ingredients, like lemon zest and walnuts, all the different mixing procedures, like Danish handheld whisks, and all the baking parameters.

That's why when he stumbled upon a certain scientific journal that lamented the chemistry and math in baking, he was baffled to learn that his favorite cake was not even a cake.

It was a fucking tart. And when Zach found out, he was livid.

"It's just lying at this point," Zach raged to his best friend as they packed for the summer. He gathered all his clothes in his closet and laid them on his bed. He took a seat and began organizing his clothes. He felt around the hook of the hangers for the braille, slipped off the shirt, and placed the two in their respective color pile. "It's deception. Saying you're one thing when really you're not."

"I mean, it's just a name. As that Shakespeare bitch once said: thou art thy name me Ishamael," Isaiah declared theatrically.

Zach stopped organizing for a moment, and only resumed once the shock of how utterly moronic his best friend was waned off. "Isaiah, that's not even what Romeo said. He said, 'What is in a name.' What you just said is some sort of medieval version of Moby Dick."

"Same shit, different toilet. What I'm trying to say is that a name don't mean shit."

Zach shook his head vehemently. "A name is everything. If you say you're something, if you declare who you are, then you should be who you are. You can't conceal the truth just because you think it's okay."

Isaiah cleared his throat, then coughed. "This is a metaphor, isn't it?"

Zach made a face and grunted, tilting his head as a form of consensus. Yes, obviously , it was a God damn metaphor.

obviously That very day had marked two months since he'd last spoken to Sarah. Today marked four months.

Four months since he last got that text. The text that appeared after one week of torment.

One week in which he laid on a hospital bed, fatigued and in pain as he recovered from getting his fucking abdomen sliced open. One week where, whenever he was alone in his room, he would call her. Text her. Ask her to just respond. To pick up the phone so he could hear her voice because that was all he wanted. To hear her voice because fuck, he didn't have any videos or recordings because he never thought this could happen.

To have her reassure him that it wasn't over, because now it felt like it was over. But there's no way it could be over like that.

could If she would just answer the phone, respond to his texts, he could make it better. He could amend this misunderstanding. Let her know that it wasn't about him. That he would work on it—he'd be more selfless. He'd do whatever she asked of him.

But during that whole week in March, where the air was too humid or too hot or too cold, and he was painfully uncomfortable on the hospital bed, she neither picked up the phone nor replied to his plea filled texts.

Zach tried to rationalize her silence. Perhaps she didn't have a signal in Cabo. Maybe she was too busy to check her phone. Better yet, her phone had somehow found its way to the bottom of the pacific.



He liked that last excuse the most. With it came the notion that she wasn't ignoring just him—for a delusional heartbeat, he could convince himself he wasn't the problem—but everyone else as well.

Zach kept holding onto this fading hope. It was a small ember that sparked inside him and he refused to let die. He would kindle it over and over again with reassuring thoughts and memories.

Deep down inside, he knew he was only cocooning himself in comfort that was completely segregated from reality.

It wasn't until he received the text, the one that obliterated the thin film of hope he submerged himself in, that reality inevitably dawned on him. The text that, subsequently, proved just how delusional he had been—how deceptive she was—shattering and contaminating all those happy memories he dwelled on and clutched desperately to.

It wasn't until he received that text, and within two seconds of hearing it, called her and realized she had blocked him. Realized that what happened that night hadn't been a fight. It had been an end. A finality to what Zach had perceived as the best time, chapter, in his life.

That text. That fucking text.

"I wasn't supposed to make you happy. I was supposed to make you happier."

"I wasn't supposed to make you happy. I was supposed to make you happier." "I wasn't supposed to make you happy. I was supposed to make you happier." He didn't know what she'd meant. And she'd blocked him, so how the fuck was he meant to ask her what she meant? After receiving the text, he'd attempted to haul ass to her house, but Isaiah talked him out of it.

"It's not smart to fuckin' stalk an ex," Isaiah sighed, trying to talk him down. "Just give it a few days and see if anything changes. See if she reaches out."

She never did.

Zach's initial reaction was heartbreak. He didn't cry, but he could remember hurting everywhere. Every breath he took felt labored, like his lungs were filled with liquid nitrogen. Every time he would hear a woman's laugh, his heart would stutter and plummet to his feet when he realized it wasn't—couldn't be—her.

His dreams were filled with streaks of silver and black and navies. He'd wake up, his skin boiling, sweat clinging to his forehead, soaking his hair and pillow. He was tormented with faded memories of her voice—his only means of latching onto her.

But his dreams could never do justice to the reality. It never conveyed the pitch, the tone, the words properly.

That fact, the realization that not only was she out of his life, but she was somehow vanishing from his memories, made the agony worse.

After the heartbreak came anger. And boy, did it come. Every moment he had with her was tainted with resentment. He analyzed everything Sarah had done and said—at least, to the best of his recollection—and twisted it into a false narrative that validated the feelings that gutted him.

Like the annoying way she would steal his food. Or when she would ignore what he would say and change the subject. Or how she always seemed to think he needed help. Or the fact that she rarely ever talked about how she felt.

He thought of how he failed an exam to spend more time with her during those three weeks when they were so busy. How he dedicated so much attention to her—complimented her and tried his hardest to make her feel beautiful in her own skin—and for what? She never reciprocated.

Not that he would remember if she did anyways. He was too angry to think of anything nice or good about Sarah.

As he thought back on it, he discerned that she didn't care for him the way he cared for her. He wanted to give her everything, be with her all the time, and she—she just wanted sex and laughs. Something vapid.

She just wanted to go on dates and talk about her trivial first-world problems and complain. She just wanted a fling, something fun and temporary, not deep and meaningful.

She didn't care for him. Period. Point blank.

She lied to him. Lied about her feelings.

And he'd fallen for it—of course he had. He'd wanted to fall for it, to believe in his interpretation, he realized that now.

wanted He'd created an illustrious version of them, of how they were together, that was detached from the truth of it.

He'd deluded himself—just as she'd deluded him.

But after the anger came acknowledgment, the current stage he was stuck on. It was rays of reality breaking through the surface of his mind and infesting all his previous convictions with the truth.

This stage hurt more than heartbreak.

It was knowing that she was right. That before her, he hadn't been happy. He'd been lonely. Angry at the world. Selfish—which, admittedly, hadn't changed after her. And then he met Sarah, and she made him happy, and he depended on her for that feeling. It was knowing that she would ask him questions no one has ever asked him, tried to learn more about him even if he didn't respond properly.

It was knowing that she divulged her secrets to him, cried to him about her family problems and her own insecurities, even if he didn't respond or process those words properly. It was knowing that even if he thought their relationship was perfect, that he was the best and most attentive boyfriend, that wasn't the case.

Sometimes, when he was alone in his childhood bedroom, lamenting the meaning of life, he thought Sarah might not be real. How he might have imagined her. Like she was this apparition he'd conjured up to cope with the emptiness and self-loathing that festered in him.

He'd loved Sarah too much.

So much.

More than he should have.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. ♛

edited 08.31.20

edited 08.31.20 hello hi okay. so i know i posted this quickly but that's because well, this was the last chapter! we just have the epilogue left. i wanna post everything that way i can mark the story as complete and work full-frontal on editing.

hello hi okay. so i know i posted this quickly but that's because well, this was the last chapter! we just have the epilogue left. i wanna post everything that way i can mark the story as complete and work full-frontal on editing. anyways, Zach's ending is actually very similar to one of my other friend's ending with his girlfriend. where they broke up and he realized that he needed to be happy with himself before getting in a relationship. it's a really important concept and idk if people realize that. that you can be with someone and it can be fun but the burden of making someone your source of happiness can be a lot

anyways, Zach's ending is actually very similar to one of my other friend's ending with his girlfriend. where they broke up and he realized that he needed to be happy with himself before getting in a relationship. it's a really important concept and idk if people realize that. that you can be with someone and it can be fun but the burden of making someone your source of happiness can be a lot if you enjoyed this chapter please vote & let me know what you think <3

if you enjoyed this chapter please vote & let me know what you think <3





15.2 | Baba's Wise Words


What was he meant to do now? How was he supposed to move on from her?

Theoretically, it was to live his life, day by day until the pain dwindled. Until he could go about his regular existence without thinking of her. Ergo, time would be his best medicine.

But maybe there was another way. Maybe there was something else he could do to find closure.

Should I talk about it with Dr. Brooke ? he thought. Since the break-up, he'd found himself needing guidance for the first time. Although it was a bitter pill to swallow, he could admit that he had an arrogance that made taking unsolicited advice hard to consume.

Should I talk about it with Dr. Brooke But at this point, his thoughts and ideas weren't enough. He needed guidance. He needed someone to—

"You look ugly and depressed," Isaiah barked, interrupting his thoughts. Zach was on a hammock in his backyard, his hands behind his head with his sunglasses perched on his nose. It was his father's birthday. The sixty-something-year-old man's laugher boomed in the background as he rambled in Arabic about how he was the best cook in all of Lebanon.

"Last time I checked a mirror, I looked handsome."

Isaiah whistled. "That was almost a decade ago, and trust me, mirrors back then were distorted. Crack-resistant, really."

"Shut up," Zach grumbled, crossing his arms over his chest and turning his head away from Isaiah.

"Look, we're all here to have fun and you're being a Debbie Downer, lying on this damn hammock like you can 'observe the beauty of this natural world through the other senses' and shit." Zach chuckled and Isaiah continued, "So get up, get out, and get lit with us."

" I am feeling the beauty of this natural world, you jackass. Plus, I didn't know we were getting lit, and if I did, I would've joined y'all."

I am Zach carefully rolled out of the hammock. He sensed Isaiah close by him, his shadow blocking the hot rays of the sun, ready to help, but Zach didn't need it. When his feet touched the ground, he held out his hand for Isaiah to pass the cane that leaned against a tree trunk.

"I haven't seen you hold this in ages," Isaiah whistled. Zach shrugged and extended it before skimming it over the ground, feeling for any obstructions. Isaiah was immediately by his side.

"Haven't needed it. I've been using the clicker a lot and Buster is helpful with moving stuff out of my way."

And with Sarah, she always made sure I was okay. He kept this inside his head.

And with Sarah, she always made sure I was okay. When they got to the khaloos (Uncles) and khalas (Aunts), Zach was immediately bombarded with hugs and kisses and inquiries about his health. There was a lot of " Aysh loon'uck, ya galbi ," (How are you, my heart) and " A'adee ya waladi, khoola haja be khair, " (Everything is okay) and so many more empty words of reassurance and concern.

khaloos khalas Aysh loon'uck, ya galbi A'adee ya waladi, khoola haja be khair, Isaiah didn't even try to help him. In fact, there were times when his non-Arabic speaking ass would throw Zach to the wolves to steer clear from the crossfire. When they got out of the crowd of overzealous older men and women (not before Zach's mom yelled at him to change into something lighter since he looked hot), Zach punched Isaiah.

"What the fuck!" his friend groaned. He stopped walking and Zach smirked. He'd aimed well.

"That's what you get, you dickhead. You let khala Maryam kiss me seven times."

"I thought you liked it," Isaiah pouted. "Bro, when the hell did you get so damn strong? And how did you know where my arm was?"

Zach's smile widened. "Real G's move in silence like lasagna." This time, Isaiah punched him for the horrible phrase.



Isaiah continued to complain as they headed upstairs to where everyone their age was hanging out. At first, it was overwhelming for Zach. He hadn't been around a majority of these people in ages, and they were all shouting in his ears and grabbing him, trying to get his attention. He forced himself to calm down, even though his hands were shaking. The whole time he was up there, all he could think about was how much easier this would be if he had Sarah with him.

Oh, the betrayal of his innermost thoughts and feelings.

These thoughts had been invading him lately, despite learning to accept what had happened. He just couldn't help it. He would be ordering a drink from a coffee shop and he would randomly think of how much easier it would be if Sarah was with him. She used to always read him the menu before they got to the register.

And moments like these, when so many people wanted a piece of him, she was amazing. She would deflect the comments. She would hold his hand and rub his arms. She would rest her head against his shoulder. She would remind him that he was like everyone else, that losing his sight didn't make him any different from the people speaking to him, even if that's why they were talking to him.

And even though he would never believe her words, they gave him this temporary comfort and peace, so he'd gobble them up.

Everyone made their way down to get food after an hour. Zach's hands were still now but he was still on edge. Buster, of course, sensed this and the second Zach entered the backyard, the poodle he curled himself around Zach's legs. Zach closed his eyes and took a deep breath and before he could even exhale, his mother was dragging him to the table in the backyard while everyone sang happy birthday in Arabic as his father cut the cake.

The rest of the night was a blur. Despite his impeccable memory, he couldn't recall half the conversations he had. He just remembered smiling and laughing every now and then, his mind still on Sarah because sometimes he had days like that. Isaiah had left him a while ago to flirt with his younger cousin's friend. So, at some point in the night, he found himself alone, Buster locked up in his cage for bedtime. With his walker, he navigated himself to the hammock.

He wanted to wallow for the rest of the night and wake up the next morning refreshed.

He didn't realize someone was in the hammock until he tried to get on it and toppled to the ground. Startled, he scrambled up and oriented himself to face the offender.

"If you wanted to sit here, you could have told me," Zach's father teased. Zach's shoulders slumped, no longer alert.

"Sorry, I didn't realize you were here."

"And you shouldn't have."

It's a joke but Zach didn't laugh. He just offered a small smile. Not knowing how to respond, he murmured the first thing that came to mind. "Happy birthday, baba. Kool a'am wa untu bee khair (Every year [in the future] I hope you're okay)."

baba. Kool a'am wa untu bee khair " Shookran (Thank you)."

Shookran Then, a strong wind passed and skewed Zach's sunglasses to the side a little. He adjusted them.

"You know, I've never liked those," his father drawled. He was still on the hammock. Zach could hear the hinges attached to the trees creak as if his father was swaying on it.

"My glasses?"

" Aywa (Yes). They hide your eyes."

Aywa Zach snorted and then schooled his features when he realized his dad was serious. "I mean, yeah, that's the point?"

"But why?"

Zach's eyebrows knit together. The answer was so obvious. Why was his father playing dumb? What was the point of this line of inquiry?

He'd always had a somewhat distant relationship with his father— Zach favored his mother a lot more.

It wasn't that his dad was a bad guy. In fact, when Zach's accident happened, his father refused to leave his side, taking off work at the hospital for the entirety of three months. It wasn't until his doctors could guarantee that Zach would be okay that he finally went back to work, and even then, he researched tirelessly about eye transplants and alternative means to sight.

Zach loved his father, just as he was sure his father loved him. But they had a silent type of love.

"To cover my eyes."

He heard his father get up from the hammock, a loud grunt coming from the old man as he used all his strength to push himself off. He came closer to Zach. "Are your eyes hurting you?" He made a motion to take off Zach's glasses, but Zach stepped away. " Ta'al (Come here). Let me check."

Ta'al "No, no. Baba it's okay. I just ... I don't want people to see my eyes."

"Why not? What's wrong with them?" There's a hint of pride in the way his father said it, and it made Zach feel ashamed as he explained himself.

"Because they're ugly and weird. I don't want to make people uncomfortable."

Instantly, he felt the air shift. It was denser and saltier and charged. His father was angry.

"Who said they're ugly?" his dad hissed.

"Wha—no one, baba . I just—"

baba "Then why did you call them ugly?"

"Because they—"

"You can't see your eyes and you call them ugly? How does this make sense?"

Zach felt attacked and his temper flared. He knew from Eisa's past mistakes to never raise his voice at their dad, but he felt the tightening of his vocal cords as if he was about it.

"Because I know—can imagine—how they look. You can't see my actual eyes. It's white. No iris. It looks weird and gross."

"You're wrong," his father whispered after a long pause. "The only thing ugly and gross and weird and uncomfortable and midree-aysh (whatever else) here is you and the way you think and see yourself. No one ever thinks that. You devalue yourself before letting anyone value you. And that's what's truly ugly."

midree-aysh Zach didn't have time to respond before his father pushed past him and walked away, disappointed.

But then again, Zach had nothing to say because his dad was right.

That was the day Zach learned happiness wasn't supposed to come from a person or an object.

Happiness was supposed to come from him—from within.

Maybe Dr. Brooke wasn't that stupid and useless after all.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





16.0 | Epilogue: They Lived Ever After


EPILOGUE

please read the author's note at the end! -Sabs

EPILOGUE

please read the author's note at the end! -Sabs ♛

SHE DIDN'T RECOGNIZE him at first.

SHE DIDN'T RECOGNIZE He seemed different. She couldn't pinpoint exactly what it was that made him seem different, but it was there—undeniable, really. It was glaringly obvious that the person she was staring at wasn't who she'd known all those years ago. As if he'd transformed into an entirely new person.

Yet, there was this sense of familiarity, of warmth, that he exuded, a sense that she'd felt in the past anytime she was in his presence.

Maybe it was the hair, she mused. Springy curls fell just below his eyebrows, his eyes exposed to the world. It startled her, seeing glossy white orbs so upfront when she was used to getting glimpses in public behind dark shades.

Or perhaps it was his shoulders, she speculated. They were broader, more defined as if they'd underwent hours of vigorous training and exercise. She found them offsetting, so unusual when compared to the scrawny image of who he was all those years ago.

Or perhaps it was his jaws, she wondered. It was sharper. And for a moment, just a moment, she thought about what it would be like to once again cradle his face in her palm. She rejected that thought as quickly as it came because she was suddenly distracted by his smile.

Oh, his smile.

He used to paint this beautiful picture of what he thought her smile looked like. He loved her smile. Anytime they were in bed, whether it was cuddling or embracing after sex, he had this thing about drawing on her, and she loved it.

First, he'd draw her face. Drag his finger around the shape of her oversized head (perfect head, he claimed). He'd do it once, twice, three times. Then, he'd smooth the wisps of her eyebrows, trailing down to graze her eyelashes before making his way towards her fat nose (cute nose, he'd murmur before kissing the tip of it). Finally, when her breathing would come out in short gasps and her body was electrified with fresh tingles as if to scream for more , he would trace her lips.

once, twice, three more It was her favorite place for him to touch. Well, second—wait no, third favorite. It always tickled, the way he would linger on her Cupid's bow. The back and forth swipe of his thumb against her bottom lip. Then, the inevitable trace of his tongue as he outlined the shape of her top lip, lingering on the seams between them, but never granting her the respite of feeling him in her mouth.

third When he was done with his finger-drawing, he'd make another one. Now on her arm. He'd draw her lips the way he felt them—the way he saw them with his hands. And he'd whisper in her ear how he felt about them, the beauty and raw magnetism that would haphazardly compel him to touch them. He was so fucking poetic and romantic that sometimes, she would be confused about whether everything that went on, all the pain and sadness she had felt, had just been an illusion. Because this—these moments—always made her forget about anything but the feel of him and the love he gave her.

He was the reason she began to fight her own body dysmorphia. Why she could stomach looking at her bare body in the mirror for longer than three minutes. How she could fight against those mean and degrading thoughts, the ones that placed her value by the number she saw on the scale and size she wore. He by no means cured her—she was still fighting these mental demons—but he helped her take a step towards accepting who she was.

He was the one who made her realize that she was more than just a plush body ripened for sex. That had a beauty she couldn't see but could feel from his adoration.

But that hadn't been enough. And in those moments of utter sweetness, when she would feel this disconnect between his actions and the feelings they inspired, her mind would muddle.



Was it all in her head? Was she having commitment issues? Why were her feelings so confusing?

The reality was that she wasn't confused. Even now as she watched him smile, his lips stretched against bright white teeth, his cheeks dimpling from the force of his joy, she knew the truth, even if it barricaded itself in an abandoned part of her mind, overwhelmed by the sight of him after so long.

She knew how charming, how so very endearing that smile was. How she first felt her heart skip a beat that night in the bar, the music loud, the lights dimmed, sitting there talking to this peculiar man with a beautiful smile and sunglasses.

Zachariah.

She thrown back to reality. She stood frozen in place at the sight of him, her thumb still pressed on the "X" key of her phone. Her heart hummed frantically in the cavity of her chest, ready to tear out of her body like a caterpillar transforming into a butterfly, ready rip out of its cocoon. Ready to take flight.

And then, as if seeing him wasn't enough—he spoke.

"Excuse me," Zach murmured, his voice deep and gruff. She couldn't stop looking at his face, relieved and shameless over the fact that he would never know. She couldn't stop staring at him, mesmerized with the way his dimple appeared with every movement of his mouth.

"Excuse me," he repeated, this time louder and with a clear of his throat. She was still frozen in place, transfixed in disbelief. "Are you okay?"

Did his voice get deeper? she thought. She didn't remember his voice being this deep, but then again, she didn't remember much about him. She'd long since deleted their photos and videos together. She no longer held a grudge in her heart over what happened between them. Over how he made her feel during those months together.

Did his voice get deeper? this It's been five and a half years. She should be over it. And she was. She was over it. She got over it after that night when all she wanted to do was find comfort in his arms and instead, found his insecurities glaring at her, as if it were her problem—her duty to make him feel secure and happy.

But she found it hard to reply back to him now. Hard to speak. She commanded her mouth to open, to push the words out, but couldn't muster even a breath. No words. No sound. Not even an exhale.

What was she supposed to respond with? "It's okay, you're excused?" Or was she supposed to announce herself: "It's fine—oh, by the way, if you can't already tell from the voice that's talking, it's me! That girl that dumped you after eight months and then disappeared all of a sudden."

No, she couldn't say those things. So, she just stood there. She stood there like an idiot with her phone in hand and her friend spamming her with message after message because he's in line at Chipotle and needs to know if she wants mild or medium sauce on her bowl.

She stood there, quiet as a mouse, and looked at Zach. Looked at how he was trying to walk past her, with his croissant in hand, not knowing he was talking to her .

her And suddenly, she's once again transported to that first time she saw him.

She was standing at the door of that shitty bar, straining her head to see if her Tinder date, Henry, was there. And she spotted him. At least, she'd thought she spotted him, sitting there at the bar.

He was taller than his photos and even more handsome. He sat with a slouch, holding a glass beer bottle. Both his hands were wrapped around it, fingers entwined as if the malt drink was a form of comfort. He had a beard then. It was short, but clean-cut and full, framing his face almost perfectly, showing all the angles and curves of his jawline.



He was so attractive that it almost canceled out how weird it seemed that he wore sunglasses.

weird She then got on Tinder to message Henry that she was there and when he didn't reply, she just walked up to him.

She was charmed the second he faced her and spoke. She loved the sound of his voice—sultry and deep and so viscerally masculine. She also loved how thoughtful he seemed , and how he let the conversation continue rather than die out. He was neither overly confident nor too shy. A perfect balance.

seemed She loved the way he made off-handed comments and how good he smelled. She loved the sarcastic jokes and the hilarious self-deprecating humor.

If only she'd registered the signs then. Registered the way he talked of himself and viewed the world around him.

She hasn't realized he was blind until he was getting up to leave. The sunglasses hadn't tipped her off—she thought he was being quirky. No, that hadn't been the indication.

When she'd finished writing her number down on his arm. When she'd held her out to give a goodbye shake, and instead of grasping it, he looked right over her head, standing at his magnificent height, and walked away. She felt stupid for only having just realized it but also impressed by how well he disguised it.

When she told her friends all about him later that next day, they told her not to go for it. They were mean about it too, but she didn't pay much mind to them. She wasn't asking for their opinion—she was just telling them.

telling It was funny how much she wanted to speak to him. She waited for his call, always checking her phone. She even stopped putting it on Do Not Disturb in fear that she'd miss it. Every unidentified number made her heart skip a beat.

Knowing he was blind only seemed to intensify that feeling. She didn't know if it was some sort of self-interest, as if she could tell people she was good friends with a blind person and therefore garner some sort of notoriety. Or because of sheer curiosity. All she knew back then was that she wanted to be around him, become better acquainted with him.

When she confronted Zach at the park and extracted the promise for a date, she felt happy. Not only because she liked him and thought he was cute, but because this was something new and exciting in her life. She was finally breaking free from her mundane routine of dating douche-y boys that were just as bland as the white rice her mother made her eat for dinner every night.

She was shocked at how much she enjoyed her time with Zach. At first, it was awkward for her—she didn't know how to navigate herself around him, whether it was with what she said or what she did. She acted on instinct. But as they went on more dates, she started to realize that he was pretty normal, minus the special accommodations sometimes.

She really liked him. She wouldn't say she was in love with him yet, but she did care for him. There was something so attractive about him—not just physically. She felt a pull to him, and it wasn't until their relationship progressed further that she realized what it was.

Pity.

Pity. It was a small thought that she barely acknowledged. It would slip into her mind like a chill on a warm day. It was random, and misplaced, but impossible to fight off.

It somehow manifested in her, and perhaps that's what made it so hard for her to leave him in the beginning, when the warning signs were there. The jealousy and possessiveness. The constant need for attention. She mistook it for endearment and attentiveness until she became a rodent snarled in his python-like grip.

She didn't realize how much she wanted out until two nights after they said "I love you" to each other. Like a fool, she'd instigated it.

She had gone out with friends the night before and had left her phone at one of their places. She'd told Zachariah her plans before she went. But the next morning when she woke up, hungover and exhausted, she'd been bombarded with texts that disturbed not only her but her friends.



Then, when they began to inquire more about her relationship, she realized how parasitic it was. She found it funny how manifesting words and thoughts and memories allowed could punch a new perspective in it. That's what's what happened to her. How she realized how delusional she's been. How selfish he was being.

She was his source of happiness and normalcy. She was his first relationship. Rather than being her boyfriend, he was this man she had to hold hands with and guide. Whether it be sexually or emotionally, he made it her job. Made it seem like it was her duty to do this for him.

And perhaps she would have been able to cope with this role as his self-proclaimed guider if they had things in common. Their interests were on two totally different spectrums. He enjoyed math, science, video games, and really old TV shows and movies. She enjoyed novels, pop culture, hip-hop, and social media.

Sure, they could talk. They could banter. But they could never have a discussion. At least, not one that didn't leave the two frustrated by the end of it.

And then there was the fact that he always tried to appease her. He tried to do what he thought would make her happy as if following her blindly was the answer to all their problems. Even if she was satisfied for a moment when he caved and admitted he was wrong, and adjusted his behavior to accommodate to her, she would later be angry. It was like he had no independent thought or action.

She felt like she was dating a fucking robot. A robot that was insecure about his disability to the point where she had to tiptoe around it. As if it weren't a part of him—a part she understood and accepted.

It took her a while to break up with him. To find the right moment because suddenly, they were having sex and it felt good and she didn't know what was right or not.

But then something snapped inside of her. She didn't know if it was because of how unheard she felt or how tiring it was to talk to him or if it was the shatter of the illusion of intimacy that they'd created through sex. All she knew was that she wanted out.

So she did it.

But back then, she had been a coward. A horrible coward.

Sarah hated that night. She hated thinking about it. How she dropped out of school and left home to be by herself. How she snapped her already fragile relationship with her father without much thought because, on some level, Zach been right.

But on another level, he'd been so wrong.

But it was better now. She was better now.

She knew she hurt Zachariah. She'd heard all the voicemails. She'd read all the text. She even received an angry call from Isaiah and even he, the man-whore, made her feel like the worst person on Earth.

Before that night, before him, she used to think intentions in actions mattered. If her heart was in the right place, if goodness was the motivator behind her actions, then the actions were good. But with Zach, that hadn't been the case. Despite her good intentions, her actions amounted to nothing, proved nothing, of how good she was as a person.

She ran away from him when she'd already been too complacent, when she'd already established herself as a savior to him.

But he wasn't good for her—she wasn't happy. And she knew for a fact that she wasn't good for him, no matter how much he refused to see it. She couldn't take the chance to talk to him because she knew that she would be sucked right back in.

And she didn't want that.

She thought she could save him—be some sort of hero—but that was far from the truth. Dating him hadn't saved either of them. It had just created these memories that were both enjoyable and painful to look back on. That served as this illustrious curtain, drawn closed to conceal the reality the then-couple refused to address.



She'd thought about talking to him all these years. She didn't think of it often—she was living her own life now. But sometimes, when she was alone and it was quiet and all she could hear was her breathing, she'd close her eyes and pretend like she couldn't see anything and she'd think of him. She'd think of those months they were together. She'd think of the lessons she learned.

And she'd think of what she did, how she abruptly, blindsided really, ended it and she'd open her eyes in remorse.

Perhaps this was her chance to make up for what she couldn't do all those years ago. Couldn't live up to the truth in who she was rather than what she'd degraded herself into being. To bring some sort of finality to the relationship.

It's been half a decade. They both have changed, grown. Hell, he's walking out in broad daylight without his sunglasses. To her, that was major change.

Perhaps now was the best time to provide closure—a proper one.

So here she stood. And here was Zachariah Sa'ad, the boy she hadn't quite given love to, but was the receiver of his version of love, standing before her with his cane in hand. His eyes were moving right and left as if somehow, he could find the perpetrator that wouldn't move out of his way. All it would take was one word—just a greeting. He would recognize her voice anywhere; she was sure of it.

his Just one word. Two letters. They would hold all her thoughts, her apologies, the truth behind her concealed feelings. She would flash a smile as she spoke it, a painful one that would be painted in her eyes, a smile he wouldn't see.

It would be so easy. So easy to just close this chapter. To do justice to what they had even if it was in the past and seemed too late.

So, she bit her lip and stepped back, his cane no longer making contact with the bottom of her left foot. She took a deep breath. With a small smile, Sarah finally opened her mouth and spoke.

"Hi."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. ♛

edited 08.31.20

edited 08.31.20 hello hi okay this was the final real chapter/part in the story. it was re-written but definitely not edited but now that everything is done being re-written and posted, it's time for editing!

hello hi okay this was the final real chapter/part in the story. it was re-written but definitely not edited but now that everything is done being re-written and posted, it's time for editing! i honestly meant to post this chapter a lot earlier. actually, i meant to post it right after chapter fifteen, but then my best friend suddenly came into town and since i haven't seen her in for-freaking-ever i decided to hang out with her all weekend so i only just got around to writing/posting.

i honestly meant to post this chapter a lot earlier. actually, i meant to post it right after chapter fifteen, but then my best friend suddenly came into town and since i haven't seen her in for-freaking-ever i decided to hang out with her all weekend so i only just got around to writing/posting. i hope you guys enjoyed this chapter. i wanted to give a little peak into how things felt for sarah . i definitely didn't want to convey her as some sort of angel but i also didn't want to not give her a chance to voice how she felt . Remember that in these types of situations, we all perceive ourselves to the victim (that's why Sarah seems to have such a victim mentality--which believe it or not was exceedingly difficult to write).

i hope you guys enjoyed this chapter. i wanted to give a little peak into how things felt for sarah i wanted to give a little peak into how things felt for sarah . i definitely didn't want to convey her as some sort of angel but i also didn't want to not give her a chance to voice how she felt i definitely didn't want to convey her as some sort of angel but i also didn't want to not give her a chance to voice how she felt . Remember that in these types of situations, we all perceive ourselves to the victim (that's why Sarah seems to have such a victim mentality--which believe it or not was exceedingly difficult to write). Remember that in these types of situations, we all perceive ourselves to the victim (that's why Sarah seems to have such a victim mentality--which believe it or not was exceedingly difficult to write). I'm going to be posting an author's note where i explain the story more and the events that happened so feel free to read it (ill do this when i have time. if you guys have questions please feel free to ask and ill explain!).

I'm going to be posting an author's note where i explain the story more and the events that happened so feel free to read it (ill do this when i have time. if you guys have questions please feel free to ask and ill explain!). if you did enjoy this chapter, or this story, please vote & let me know what you think :) i honestly want to know what other people's take away is from this, how they felt about the pacing, what they thought about the characters etc.

if you did enjoy this chapter, or this story, please vote & let me know what you think :) i honestly want to know what other people's take away is from this, how they felt about the pacing, what they thought about the characters etc. there will be two other stories: Isaiah's (To Hold a Butterfly) and Eisa's (Trying to Touch Heaven) ! their stories are *hopefully* going to be roughly the same length as this, or maybe a little longer, but it honestly just depends on how much detail i want to give (i have all the chapters planned, i just have to find <3 motivation <3 to write). their stories will be a little lighter and less philosophical than this, but they will be equally as angsty

there will be two other stories: Isaiah's (To Hold a Butterfly) and Eisa's (Trying to Touch Heaven) there will be two other stories: Isaiah's (To Hold a Butterfly) and Eisa's (Trying to Touch Heaven) ! their stories are *hopefully* going to be roughly the same length as this, or maybe a little longer, but it honestly just depends on how much detail i want to give (i have all the chapters planned, i just have to find <3 motivation <3 to write). their stories will be a little lighter and less philosophical than this, but they will be equally as angsty anyway, i hope yall have an amazing day/night

anyway, i hope yall have an amazing day/night thank you so much for reading, it means the world to me

thank you so much for reading, it means the world to me sab xx

sab xx





Extra: Feedback, Afterword & Sequels


═════════════

F E E D B A C K

F E E D B A C K ♛

I saw a couple of other novels do this, and I thought I'd give it a shot since I really want to know what you guys think! I know a lot of my readers are silent/shy but if you guys are feeling a little courageous, please feel free to answer these questions. No matter how harsh it may seem, I genuinely want to know what y'all think! Feel free to answer as many of the questions as you want. No pressure!

I saw a couple of other novels do this, and I thought I'd give it a shot since I really want to know what you guys think! I know a lot of my readers are silent/shy but if you guys are feeling a little courageous, please feel free to answer these questions. No matter how harsh it may seem, I genuinely want to know what y'all think! Feel free to answer as many of the questions as you want. No pressure! ♛





1. At the end of the epilogue, when Sarah said, "Hi," to Zachariah, did you/do you want them to get back together?

1. 2. Do you understand Sarah's side of the story (i.e. if you think back on all of Zachariah's chapters do you see what she was talking about)? If so, what do you think are valid points she makes, and what are some invalid points?

2. 3. How do you guys feel about Eisa, Zachariah's brother? Is it fair that he wants to reconcile after all these years, and after the fact that Zach agreed to give him his kidney? Should he have done it earlier? Or do you understand why Eisa waited?

3. 4. What do you like about Zach, and what do you not like?

4. 5. What frustrated you about Zach and Sarah/the novel in general?

5. 6. What is your favorite scene or dialogue in the novel? Why did you enjoy it?

6. 7. How did this story read? Was it slow and dragging? Or did it go by fast and enjoyably? Were there specific parts of the novel that dragged on too long and could have been shortened? Or were there parts that felt incomplete?

7. 8. What was your main takeaway from this novel?

8. 9. If you could change one thing about this novel, what would it be?

9. 10. In the sequels, what is something you want to see from any of the characters in this novel (i.e. Zach, Sarah, Eisa, Hendrix, Jamal, Isaiah, etc.)?





10. any





═════════════

A F T E R W O R D

A F T E R W O R D ♛

So, you've come to the conclusion of my novel and I feel like it's been a wild ride. I really want you guys to know that I genuinely appreciate every single one of you that read this novel. The contents of it was very personal and deep since it's what helped me get over my ex. Kind of like Zach and Sarah, we broke up so suddenly, and I never got the proper closure I wanted. That's why in the epilogue, I leave it with Sarah greeting Zach.

genuinely appreciate I hope you guys fell in love with the perfectly imperfect characters that I created. I intentionally made it so that Sarah and Zach were not the types of characters you normally see in novels that have this perfect disposition and flaw that can be overlooked. I'm not saying that as a means to say "I'm not like other writers" but because I really wanted to write about characters who are flawed, but still likable, cause that's what we see in life, right?

perfect Since winning the Wattys a few days ago, I've gotten a couple of hundred reads within the last couple of days which is astounding because it used to take me months to even get 100 reads. Thank you guys so much. Like honestly, you don't know how much it means to the writer to have people read their book. It's why we post our work to the public on platforms like Wattpad!



Anyway, thank you once again for reading and supporting my novel. It really means so much!

═════════════

S E Q U E L S

S E Q U E L S ♛

The Mosaic in Her Eyes is the first novel in the Redemancy trilogy (or series). Each novel in this series will be standalones. This series follows Zachariah ( The Mosaic in Her Eyes ), Isaiah ( To Hold a Butterfly ), and Eisa ( Trying to Touch Heaven ). The next two novels will be roughly the same length as TMIHE, although Eisa's might be a little longer since it'll be written in the past and present. All the novels will be explicit , especially Isaiah's novel.

The Mosaic in Her Eyes To Hold a Butterfly Trying to Touch Heaven explicit ♛





Book 2: To Hold a Butterfly (Summer 2021)

Book 2: To Hold a Butterfly (Summer 2021) Book 2: To Hold a Butterfly (Summer 2021)

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Isaiah is living his best life. He has an amazing job, an active (and somewhat uncomplicated) sex life, and a brand new Audi.



Isaiah is living his best life. He has an amazing job, an active (and somewhat uncomplicated) sex life, and a brand new Audi.

Then he runs into Flora. The same Flora that he went on three dates with, before being dropped by her like a hot potato. The same Flora that blocked his number after receiving one too many sexual poems from an excessively drunk Isaiah.

Then he runs into Flora. The same Flora that he went on three dates with, before being dropped by her like a hot potato. The same Flora that blocked his number after receiving one too many sexual poems from an excessively drunk Isaiah. Meeting again reignites the attraction they have for each other, and rather than ignore it, the two decide to wield the passion to their advantage. For Flora, that means using it as a means to confront her genophobia, and for Isaiah, it's to finally purge her, the only girl he's ever cared for, out of his system.

Meeting again reignites the attraction they have for each other, and rather than ignore it, the two decide to wield the passion to their advantage. For Flora, that means using it as a means to confront her genophobia, and for Isaiah, it's to finally purge her, the only girl he's ever cared for, out of his system. But what happens when the relationship they thought was just for fun turns into something more? Can they confront the trauma of their past and be together? Or will their fears prove to be too much to heal?

But what happens when the relationship they thought was just for fun turns into something more? Can they confront the trauma of their past and be together? Or will their fears prove to be too much to heal? ♛





3. Trying to Touch Heaven (Winter 2021)

3. Trying to Touch Heaven (Winter 2021)

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Eisa has it all. He's a billionaire with a gorgeous wife, a massive castle for a house, and a stable relationship with his family.

Eisa has it all. He's a billionaire with a gorgeous wife, a massive castle for a house, and a stable relationship with his family. But of course, because life's a bitch, everything good has to come to an end. Suddenly, he finds himself being served divorce papers, and his kidneys are failing faster than you can say 'Jack Robinson.' To make it all even worse, his nephrologist passes away, and when his assistant finds him a new one, he comes face to face with his former high school girlfriend, and once best friend, Diana Vasquez.

But of course, because life's a bitch, everything good has to come to an end. Suddenly, he finds himself being served divorce papers, and his kidneys are failing faster than you can say 'Jack Robinson.' To make it all even worse, his nephrologist passes away, and when his assistant finds him a new one, he comes face to face with his former high school girlfriend, and once best friend, Diana Vasquez. Meeting her again is like stepping into a time machine and all the feelings he thought he'd resolved are suddenly thrown back in his face. Being with her again feels right, and brings him comfort despite the utter chaos that seems to constantly plague him these days. When he's finally confronted and forced to make a decision, Eisa knows he'll make the right one.

Meeting her again is like stepping into a time machine and all the feelings he thought he'd resolved are suddenly thrown back in his face. Being with her again feels right, and brings him comfort despite the utter chaos that seems to constantly plague him these days. When he's finally confronted and forced to make a decision, Eisa knows he'll make the right one. That is until he learns the woman he wants by his side is engaged to be married.

That is until he learns the woman he wants by his side is engaged to be married.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Announcement: Isaiah's Story Posted (To Hold a Butterfly)


Guess who's prematurely posting Isaiah's story because she has the self-control of an iguana?



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Lol SIKE



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I had plans to write the whole thing first and then post it. I would have completed writing this in the summer. However, I can't hold it in. I really want to know what you guys think, so I'm posting it as I write. This means that what I'm posting is not a final draft, and in fact, criticism and corrections are more than welcomed since I want to write a book that's not only authentic to myself but also resonates and is accurate to you all as well. So come at me, please!

criticism and corrections

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Currently, I have the prologue (600 words), interlude I (which is a 4,700-words chapter), and chapter 1 (4,000-words) written. I'm going to post the prologue and the first interlude immediately, and next week I'll be posting the second chapter. To hold myself accountable, every single Friday and Sunday I will be going to a café to write , and if you guys are inclined, you can yell at me to update if I don't update once a week because that's really encouraging believe it or not. So please, help me write and post.

every single Friday and Sunday I will be going to a café to write yell at me to update

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Isaiah's story might be my most favorite to write because of how fun and deep his story is. I hope you guys enjoy it as much as I do. The link to it is in the external link! I promise not to be a bitch that doesn't update for a while because I wouldn't even allow myself to do that (no matter how busy I am).



not to be a bitch that doesn't update for a while

I love you guys so much. Thank you for reading this silly little book by an amateur writer that's drowning in work and story-ideas. Thank you for coming on this journey with Zachariah, and I hope you guys enjoy Isaiah's journey just as much.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Oh, and as a little bonus, here's a screenshot of all the chapter titles for To Hold a Butterfly . I thought y'all could laugh with me cause the chapter titles crack me tf up. Don't take them at first value, cause I promise you won't guess what's gonna happen.

as a little bonus, here's a screenshot of all the chapter titles for To Hold a Butterfly

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





