Introduction


Title: The Psychopath Next Door

Copyright by: CarsonFaircloth

As published in: https://www.wattpad.com/story/179297206-the-psychopath-next-door

Synopsis: ☆☆ Watty Award Winner 2020 ☆☆ Cooper Daniels lives next door to a psychopath. He just can't prove it...yet. When the most popular girl in high school is murdered at a Halloween party, Cooper's suspicions become a reality. He knows exactly who did it. But how is he supposed to prove his charming neighbor is a killer? Meanwhile, Calla Parker is waking up with blood under her nails, and she has no idea why. Unable to remember the night before, Calla begins to suspect herself of murder. She's relieved to find out the police have zero evidence to go on. Yet she can't help but shake the feeling she's being watched - very closely. And she knows why. Cooper Daniels knows her secret. ☆ Cover by @CarKann





The Psychopath Next Door


Introduction

Chapters Author's Note

The Playlist

1: Cooper Finds a Dead Body

2: The Inside of a Jail Cell

3: Blood Tells

4: Buried Secrets

5: And All the People Said, Amen

6: Keep Your Friends Close

7: The Friendly Neighborhood...Psychopath?

8: Daddy Issues

9: Only the Good Die Young

10: Two Truths and a Lie

11: Breakfast at Tiffany's

12: A Deal with the Devil

13: I'm Innocent!

14: It Takes Two to Tango

15: Playing With Fire

16: Roses and Peonies

17: A Roll of the Dice

18: To Catch a Killer

19: Batman and Robin

20: New Year, New Me

21: Psychology 101

22: Let's Call It A Threesome

23: Don't Do Drugs, Kids

24: Imaginary Friends

25: Solving A Murder Mystery Is Way Harder Than It Sounds

26: Selfish

27: The Missing Link

28: Control

29: The Deadliest Game

30: Well, There Goes That Theory

31: The Lucky Number Five

32: It All Started With That Damn Cat

33: Courting Death

34: The Psychopath Next Door

35: Captive

36: Into the Dark

37: We All Fall Down

38: Ghosts of the Past

39: Sanctuary

Acknowledgments





Author's Note


A huge, resounding thank you to CarKann for the amazing cover!

A huge, resounding thank you to CarKann for the amazing cover! Author's Note

Author's Note This project started five years ago as an unformed, and completely undeveloped, National Novel Writing Month ambition.

I spent that November jotting down random scenes in my head, becoming acquainted with the characters and their unique quirks: one, a sixteen-year-old kid with obsessive-compulsive disorder; and the other his next-door neighbor, a creepy psychopath tangled in a small town murder mystery.

This definitely hasn't been my typical run-of-the-mill project. It started off with a character named Cooper Daniels, and bloomed into a fully-fledged murder mystery seemingly overnight. The dynamic of the characters came first. The plot, last.

A long hiatus (otherwise known as college) buried this project for four years. It wasn't until my senior year of college that I picked this back up, brushed off the dust, and began breathing life back into it. And now, some months and a lot of coffee later, The Psychopath Next Door is complete. And she just won a 2020 Watty Award for the Mystery/Thriller category!

Thank you to anyone and everyone who stuck with Cooper and Calla through their first fumbling steps. As I reflect on the journey that began five years ago, I have all of you to thank! You are, without a doubt, what motivates me.

And for those of you who are reading for the first time: enjoy!





Copyright © 2019 by Carson Faircloth

Copyright © 2019 by Carson Faircloth All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.





The Playlist


I've honestly been having way too much fun demolishing (*ehem*, revising) this storyline over the last few weeks, so I wanted to share a playlist that I created for the writing process on this particular project.





1. Sweet But Psycho by Ava Max

1. Sweet But Psycho by Ava Max Sweet But Psycho 2. I Am Machine by Three Days Grace

2. I Am Machine by Three Days Grace I Am Machine 3. Call Me Devil by Friends in Tokyo

3. Call Me Devil by Friends in Tokyo Call Me Devil 4. Gallows by Katie Garfield

4. Gallows by Katie Garfield Gallows 5. Unsteady by X Ambassadors

5. Unsteady by X Ambassadors Unsteady 6. Control by Halsey

6. Control by Halsey Control 7. Natural by Imagine Dragons

7. Natural by Imagine Dragons Natural 8. Breathe by Taylor Swift

8. Breathe by Taylor Swift Breathe 9. Burning House by Cam

9. Burning House by Cam Burning House 10. Caught in the Fire by Klergy

10. Caught in the Fire by Klergy Caught in the Fire 11. Idfc by Blackbear

11. Idfc Idfc by Blackbear 12. Iris by The Goo Goo Dolls

12. Iris by The Goo Goo Dolls Iris 13. The Monster by Eminem, Rihanna

13. The Monster by Eminem, Rihanna The Monster 14. Who Knew by P!nk

14. Who Knew by P!nk Who Knew 15. How Far We've Come by Matchbox Twenty

15. How Far We've Come by Matchbox Twenty How Far We've Come 16. Savin' Me by Nickelback

16. Savin' Me by Nickelback Savin' Me 17. Gasoline by Halsey

17. Gasoline by Halsey Gasoline 18. Way down We Go by KALEO

18. Way down We Go by KALEO Way down We Go 19. Raise Hell by Dorothy

19. Raise Hell by Dorothy Raise Hell 20. Little Talks by Of Monsters and Men

20. Little Talks by Of Monsters and Men Little Talks 21. Devil In Me by Halsey

21. Devil In Me by Halsey Devil In Me 22. Scared of the Dark by Lil Wayne, Ty Dolla $ign, XXXTENTACION

22. Scared of the Dark by Lil Wayne, Ty Dolla $ign, XXXTENTACION Scared of the Dark 23. Beast by Saint Asonia

23. Beast by Beast Saint Asonia 24. Eyes on Fire by Blue Foundation

24. Eyes on Fire by Blue Foundation Eyes on Fire 25. Start a War by Klergy

25. Start a War by Klergy Start a War 26. Savage by Bahari (credit to kipekipe )

26. Savage by Bahari (credit to kipekipe ) Savage kipekipe





1: Cooper Finds a Dead Body


Cooper Daniels lived next door to a psychopath.

He just couldn't prove it. Yet.

Yet. "Dude." Vincent Townson rolled his eyes. "Are we on this again?"

"She's creepy . Haven't you noticed?" Cooper looked over his shoulder nervously, hitching his backpack higher onto his shoulder. The students of Greenwitch High rushed from their first period class, the freshmen moving in packs. Seniors snickered as they passed.

creepy "Nope." Vincent didn't sound very concerned for his best friend's safety. "Besides," he added, eyeing a particularly pretty freshman girl with his greedy brown eyes. "She's about as big as my pinky finger. I think you could take her."

Cooper snapped his fingers in Vincent's face, pulling his focus away from the girl. "Are you kidding? She's as tall as I am."

"You're overreacting."

"Oh, am I? You didn't see the look on her face when Mr. Baker assigned the final project."

"Okay," Vincent sighed, leaning against the wall. "I'll bite."

"It's a group dissection. Dissection, Vincent." Cooper swallowed down a wave of nausea. "I don't think I've ever seen her look so happy."

Dissection, "So...she's not a total puss, like you?"

Cooper swore and lunged, but Vincent was already halfway down the hall. He laughed as he doubled back, his arms spread wide. "Coop! C'mon, dude. Do you even hear yourself right now?"

"Whose side are you on?" Cooper complained, his fists tightening around the straps on his backpack.

"Look." Vincent slung one huge arm over his shoulders, burying Cooper in a mass of muscle. "It's Halloween. Your nerves are fried. Come to Tracy's party tonight with me and relax for once. I'd bet money your little psychopath doesn't show up, either. She never goes to crap like this. It's a win-win."

relax Cooper shrugged out from underneath his arm. The fact that even Vincent, his best friend since elementary school, wouldn't listen to his (admittedly paranoid) theory...his wounded pride whimpered. "I didn't get the invite to that stupid party."

Vincent flashed his trademark grin—the one that had gotten him both in and out of trouble since the seventh grade. "It's an open party. Everyone's invited, brah."

"Don't ever say brah again," he deadpanned, "and I'll consider it."

brah "Shut up." Vincent smacked the back of his head, which, considering Vincent's size, was similar to being slammed by a semi-truck. "You're going."

Cooper sighed. He couldn't refuse him. Not unless he wanted to be put in a headlock in the middle of the hall.

"Maybe," he hedged instead, knowing fully well how Vincent would react.

He didn't disappoint. Vincent lunged for Cooper's backpack, refusing to take maybe for an answer. Cooper sidestepped into Mr. Baker's classroom. A narrow escape.

maybe Vincent's eyes narrowed. He made a this-isn't-over gesture before turning and trooping off to his second period math class alone.

this-isn't-over Cooper doubted he would be alone for long. Vincent always had someone waiting to take his place.

Cooper, on the other hand, did not have that luxury. He ducked his head and made a beeline for his seat, ignoring the cursory glances from the trio of cheerleaders at the center of the room. Most of the other kids—a mish-mash of every clique in the school—sat at their respective lab tables, looking at their phones and not talking to each other.



He scanned the room and felt a rush of relief. His lab table was bare. Unoccupied.

The world fell away as he sat down in his seat and began unpacking his bag.

Pencil on the left. Check. Eraser on the right. Check. Notebook. Check.

Pencil on the left. Check. Eraser on the right. Check. Notebook. Check. He placed each item in a particular order. Only once he was certain that his bag had been unpacked perfectly did he relax.

This is where he found peace. In routine. In familiarity.

Not at the bottom of a red solo cup.

It was one of the few things in life he and Vincent disagreed on. Parties were Vincent's safe haven, his method of letting off steam after a grueling week of workouts. Cooper, on the other hand, found them to be a hub of stress, especially once his obsessive compulsions kicked in.

He reached out to straighten his notebook, seeing imperfections where there were none. Someone behind him noticed and snickered. Cooper's peaceful little bubble popped.

Jesus, Coop. The voice floated up from the depths of his memories, hitting him over the head like a bag of bricks. What's wrong with you, boy?

Jesus, Coop. What's wrong with you, boy? He flushed and sank down in his seat, glaring down at his notebook, wanting nothing more than to burn it. Burn it, and let his compulsions burn with it.

But then she came in, and suddenly the laughter didn't matter. Whatever embarrassment he'd felt, whatever shame—it drained away, along with the blood in his face. Terror made his heart skip a beat.

she Her curly red hair was pulled back in a high ponytail, as it almost always was. She didn't so much as look at him as she took her seat. As if he were nothing more than a particularly large speck of dust.

Cory Michaels, who sat across the aisle, immediately struck up a conversation with her. She smiled as he spoke, but it looked like an empty smile to Cooper. Cold. Indifferent.

Cooper wanted to tell Cory to turn away. And not just to turn away, but to get up and run. Cooper had been in his shoes once before—years ago. He'd considered the girl by his side a friend. Had built pillow forts and made mud pies with her.

run. But that was before the cat.

"Alright, alright." Mr. Baker faced the class. The sleeves of his black sweater were rolled up to his elbows. Why he'd decided to wear a black sweater when it was seventy-five degrees outside...Cooper couldn't quite say. "You know the drill. Your final is in six weeks. It's worth fifty percent of your grade. Your lab partner is already sitting next to you, so get comfortable. And if they aren't, you're in the wrong seat. Yes, Jared. I'm talking to you. "

you. Someone at the back of the room let out a weary sigh.

Cooper's lab partner shifted and he flinched. He looked at her sideways and found her staring at him with that infuriating, blank look she always wore when looking at him, as if he were a particularly interesting insect caught under her microscope.

He looked away. His cheeks no longer burned. In fact, Cooper felt downright cold.

He didn't care what anyone said. Calla Parker gave him the creeps.

* * * * *

"It'll be fun. Fun. Do you remember what that word means?"

Fun. "That's what you said about Stein's party."

"That was fun." Vincent leaned back, affronted. The look in his eyes dared Cooper to argue.

was

Cooper did. "You threw up literally everywhere."

He scoffed as Cooper killed the engine to his Mustang. Ahead of them, the impressive glow of the Smith house loomed ahead. The party was in full swing. "If you don't throw up, did you even go?"

"Healthy mindset, Vincent. I'll keep that in mind." He went to reach for his camera case in the backseat.

"Just tryna prep for college. Sue me." Vincent slapped his hand away before he could grab the camera. "Nope. No paparazzi. That's a party foul, dude."

"Stephanie will be on my ass Monday if I don't get a few good shots," Cooper argued, indignant. He didn't particularly agree with her methods—it felt invasive, following his classmates around in the hopes that he might catch a worthwhile moment—but he had to give her credit where credit was due. When it came to the yearbook committee, she knew how to run a tight ship.

"The only shots you're taking tonight are with me." Vincent shoved Cooper toward the door. "Stephanie will just have to deal. Now out ."

out Cooper ducked out of the car and slammed the door. Vincent shot him a narrow-eyed look over the hood, which Cooper ignored.

He grumbled to himself as he and Vincent followed the sidewalk to Tracy Smith's...house, if it could be called such a thing. The three story behemoth blocked out most of the sky, towering over them like some sort of Gothic nightmare. Strands of ivy crawled over the second story balcony, winding through the beaks of snarling gargoyles.

Gargoyles. In Greenwitch County.

"Place has nine bedrooms," Vincent noted as they circumvented an elaborate fountain, poised at the center of a circular driveway large enough to fit eight or nine trucks—big ones.

"How do you know how many bedrooms this place has?" Cooper muttered, shoving his hands in the pockets of his jeans. "Actually, you know what? Nevermind."

Vincent grinned.

This close, they could easily make out the sound of loud music and...terrified screams? Cooper glanced up. Through the third floor windows, he could see the flashing pulse of strobe lights.

A haunted hall. As if this party wasn't already overkill.

Vincent bounded up the front steps. Cooper awkwardly shambled after him. At the top, Vincent turned to face his best friend. He placed his hands on Cooper's shoulders, his expression serious. "Are you ready?"

"This is a party, not a warzone."

Vincent turned and rang the doorbell. "Brace yourself."

Cooper took a deep breath. He really wished he had his camera. It always felt a bit like a protective barrier when those soft leather straps were around his neck, the camera balanced between his index fingers. It was his golden pass.

really As long as he showed up as yearbook guy, he could get in anywhere. Otherwise, he was just Cooper Daniels—and Cooper Daniels had absolutely no reason to be on the threshold of Tracy Smith's mansion.

yearbook guy, The door opened, spilling light onto the lawn behind them and washing the two boys in a wave of loud music. A girl with billowing black hair and heartbreaking eyes stared out at them, one hand on the doorknob and the other on her hip. Behind her, Cooper could vaguely make out vaulted beam ceilings and a sparkling chandelier.

When she saw Vincent, she grinned brilliantly. Then she glanced at Cooper. Her grin faded to the kind of forced smile given to estranged relatives.



"Hey, Trace." Vincent swooped in and kissed Tracy on the cheek. She shoved him away and made a noise of protest, but she was smiling the same smile most girls wore around him. "Nice costume."

"And what are you supposed to be?" Tracy crossed her arms, clearly comfortable with the idea of leaving the two of them out in the cold for at least a while longer. Her revealing ballerina costume couldn't have been warm, but she didn't seem bothered.

"Clark Kent, obviously." Vincent and Cooper hadn't discussed costumes even once on the drive here, but as always, he had an answer ready. "I can't be Superman all the time."

"Smooth." Tracy glanced Cooper's way. "And...?"

"Lab geek." Vincent smirked over at Cooper, who smiled sweetly back and lifted his middle finger.

Tracy laughed despite herself and ushered the two of them inside. The music was almost too loud to hear her wish them a happy Halloween, and then she was gone, melting into the thick crowd of people loitering in the living room. Cooper stared after her, and not because he desperately wished she would come back—though that thought certainly crossed his mind. Something else had caught his eye: a flash of red hair.

Cooper shifted uncomfortably. He had the sudden, ridiculous urge to leave. He didn't want to be here. He wanted to be anywhere but here.

but "Relax, Coop." Vincent slapped him on the back. He seemed completely at ease. "Let's get something to drink."

He dragged Cooper away from the front door—which Cooper was very attached to, as it seemed to be his only ticket out of this place—and into the mosh pit of students. He grimaced as Vincent shouldered his way through the crowd. Cooper's idea of fun didn't exactly include touching every single person in the room, but Vincent's route to the kitchen seemed to involve just that.

Cooper found himself apologizing repeatedly as he stumbled in Vincent's wake. At one point, he face-planted directly into a girl he didn't recognize. His attempt to catch himself failed. Miserably.

By the time Vincent managed to drag Cooper away, he could feel his unruly curls sticking up every which way, his cheeks red from both embarrassment and the girl's backhanded slap. He frowned down at his t-shirt, soaked now with a fresh layer of beer.

"Fun," Cooper muttered, though he was sure Vincent hadn't heard from over the music. He held in a sigh, content to keep his misery to himself.

Vincent had been right to describe the party as a warzone. And so far, Cooper had hit every landmine.

"C'mere." Vincent grabbed him by the front of his shirt and pulled him bodily from the crowd. Cooper was too thankful to protest as Vincent led him into the kitchen, which was twice the size of the two-bedroom apartment he shared with his mom. He leaned against the extensive island, exhausted. Vincent handed him a cold beer and he took it without complaint.

"Thanks," he murmured, though he didn't drink. He didn't even pop the cap. He ran his hand through his hair—once, twice, three times.

Vincent noticed Cooper's compulsive tic. "You good?"

He mustered a smile, fighting the urge to run his hand through his hair again . Once he did, he would have to complete the cycle—three times, always. "I'm good now."

again Vincent's eyes locked on something just over Cooper's head. "Good..."

"Go." He waved a hand, refusing to hold his friend back from enjoying himself.



Vincent shifted, uncertain, which made Cooper feel slightly better. "You sure?"

"Do I look sure?"

He grinned. "Thanks, man."

"I'll be here all night." Cooper raised his beer in mock salute and Vincent laughed, giving him one last hard clap on the shoulder before disappearing.

Cooper stared at the unopened beer, bemused. He'd brought this misery upon himself. He'd decided to go to the party. Sure, Vincent wasn't exactly a guy you said no to, but Cooper was usually an exception to that rule. Vincent only pushed him around when he knew he was okay with it. And Cooper had to admit, the prospect of sitting at home with his mom on Halloween hadn't been appealing.

He'd "Cooper Daniels, right?"

He turned, surprised to find himself face to face with Rachel Smith, Tracy's younger cousin by eight months. Her long black hair, so much like Tracy's, was pulled up in a high ponytail, accentuating her high cheekbones and sweeping eyelashes.

His stomach did a quick somersault.

"Rachel. Hey. Hi." Cooper glanced down at his unopened beer and quickly snapped off the cap. He didn't want to be that guy—not at her cousin's biggest bash of the year.

that "What are you supposed to be?" Rachel chirped, perching on the counter beside him. Her legs were covered in some fishnet material, which disappeared up an impossibly tiny skirt.

"Um." He focused on his beer. Anything other than her legs. "A lab geek?"

He was wearing jeans and a button down. Maybe he needed a white coat to be convincing? He really hadn't thought this through.

I didn't think Rachel-freaking-Smith was going to pull up a chair and—

I didn't think Rachel-freaking-Smith was going to pull up a chair and— Rachel laughed, taking a sip out of her red solo cup. She held up a hand, hiding a hiccup. "That's cute."

Cooper was flabbergasted. He felt his cheeks go red. When he spoke, he managed to stammer out, "I-I like your outfit. You're a...?"

"Sexy teacher." Rachel straightened and did a little spin, wobbling a bit in her heels. The skirt twirled with her, revealing a hint of thigh he wasn't sure he was supposed to see. "Can't you tell?"

He supposed the white button down she wore, paired with her mini skirt and heels, was...reminiscent of a teacher. The fake glasses on top of her head—clearly forgotten, pushed up out of her face—were meant to top off the ensemble.

A sexy teacher. Put the word "sexy" in front of it, and you can dress as anything.

A sexy teacher. Put the word "sexy" in front of it, and you can dress as anything. Cooper wasn't complaining. Halloween was a sacred time of the year, when girls were free to dress however they liked without judgment—which usually meant the tiniest of skirts, the highest of heels, and tops that left little to the imagination.

"Yeah," Cooper smiled, nodding. "You look great."

Rachel sketched a lopsided bow. "Thank you. Finally, a man with taste."

The crowd in the living room had swelled to an uncomfortable degree, forcing a cluster of very drunk juniors to push back into the kitchen. One girl stumbled and bumped into Rachel; Cooper caught her just before she fell on him, her long hair brushing his face. She smelled like vanilla—why did all girls smell like vanilla?

Rachel giggled into his ear, her hands clutching his shoulders. "Whoopsie."

"Whoopsie," Cooper repeated, smelling the alcohol on her breath. She was more than tipsy, he realized. "Um, do you wanna lie down?"



"Mmm?" Rachel leaned back and appraised him, her hazy eyes—brown and warm, unlike her cousin—full of some emotion he couldn't place. Finally she smiled, taking his hands in hers. "You know what? Sure. C'mon."

Bewildered—he was holding Rachel Smith's hand now—he let her lead him beyond the kitchen and over to the grand staircase. The wrought iron railing had been layered with gauzy cobwebs, complete with little plastic spiders dangling within. Purple lights wound around the banister, casting an odd glow on their faces.

Rachel stumbled up the stairs, Cooper catching her each time she slipped. Up on the third floor, he could hear shrieks of fear and delight: the haunted hall. Strobe lights flickered from above, and a heavy layer of fog sank around his feet, spilling down the staircase.

"This way!" Rachel declared, glancing back at Cooper with a smile that almost seemed...seductive? She was trying, anyway. The alcohol made her smile wobbly, her eyes hooded.

By the time they reached the end of the hall, Rachel was leaning heavily against Cooper. He helped her open the door to the last bedroom on the right—her room, he guessed. The Smiths were certainly wealthy enough to afford a spare bedroom for their favorite niece. A lamp was already on inside, casting a faint, warm glow over everything.

"It's very... white ," Cooper noted lamely. The curtains, bedspread, the furry blanket on the edge of the bed, the carpet; these were all varying shades of cream, as were most of the decorations. Bursts of purple interrupted the monotony, which he supposed was meant to be chic. He didn't really know.

white "I love this bed." To prove her point, Rachel fell back on the pillows, giggling as she wrapped her hands in the furry blanket. "It's so comfortable. Wanna try it?"

love Cooper shuffled forward awkwardly. Rachel's skirt had hiked up well past her thighs. He averted his gaze, walking over to the bed.

"C'mon, Coop." Rachel reached out a hand, beckoning him to her. "Don't you wanna lay down with me?"

Oh. Oh.

Oh. Cooper cleared his throat and took Rachel's hand. "Thanks, Rach. But you know what? I totally forgot my phone downstairs, I'm an idiot. I'll go grab it."

Rachel sat up, pouting. "You're leaving me?"

Cooper hesitated, letting her pull him down closer to the bed. Closer. Closer. Until finally he was leaning over her, her nose an inch from his face. She reeked of alcohol. "Rachel..."

reeked "Cooper," she said with a giggle, her fingers caressing his cheek.

He had to be dreaming. He had to. Fate could not be so cruel as to land Rachel Smith right in the palm of his hand—only to have her be really, exceptionally drunk.

had Cooper stammered. He had no idea what he was doing. "I'll be quick. Y-you want me to get you another drink?" He tried to lean back, out of her reach. To take the sting out of it, he took her hand in his.

Rachel frowned, but the idea of another drink seemed to please her. She assessed him, trying to see what his intentions were. Trying to see if he really would come back.

And do things he'd only dreamed of with her. Things he had no idea how to do, quite frankly.

"Okay," she finally agreed happily, dropping his hand. "I guess some punch would be cool."

"Totally cool," Cooper murmured. He grabbed the waste basket by the bed and positioned it so she wouldn't throw up all over the floor. And then he made his escape; when he glanced back, Rachel was already out. She hung over the edge of the bed, her full, enticing lips parted in an adorable little O.

He turned. At the end of the hall, a figure cast in shadows lingered by the staircase, one hand gripping the bannister.

Cooper hesitated, his hand lingering on the doorknob. Making a snap decision, he reached back and twisted the lock on the door before closing it firmly behind him.

There. No creeps would be sneaking in to give Rachel company—whether she thought she wanted it or not.

There. When Cooper turned back, the shadowy figure was gone. He sighed. Maybe his paranoia had been misplaced.

Rachel Smith, he thought wistfully, meandering down the hall. She'd actually wanted to bring him back to bed...when she was drunk, anyway. He hoped that counted for something.

Rachel Smith, Cooper checked his cellphone. He had five unread messages.

One was from his mom: No drinking!

No drinking! Not a problem there. Cooper looked sourly at the full beer in his hand. He'd managed to snag it before leaving Rachel's room, worried she would knock it off the nightstand in the middle of the night by accident.

The other four texts were from Vincent. Cooper read through them quickly, rolling his eyes.

Where are you?

Where are you? Beer pong downstairs dude now.

Beer pong downstairs dude now. Where my beer pong dude?

Where my beer pong dude? Where you?

Where you? Typical Vincent. By the cheering that rose up from downstairs at irregular intervals, he guessed the beer pong tournament was already in full swing.

He didn't particularly want to go back down into the crowd. In fact, that was the last thing he wanted to do. So instead he trudged upstairs, toward the flickering strobe lights and the put-put-putting of the fog machine. His hand trailed along the iron bannister, cobwebs sticking to the pads of his fingers.

last put-put-putting The third floor was silent. The haunted hall was definitely over.

Feeling the sudden urge to pee, Cooper felt along the walls, searching for a light switch. The strobe lights made it difficult to see, and he didn't much feel like bumping into some priceless vase with a great-great-dead aunt inside of it. So he proceeded with caution, cursing when he tried a doorknob, only to find it locked.

Unsure now, Cooper tried to turn around and make his way back downstairs—before promptly tripping on something heavy and soft.

"Ow." He caught himself before he could faceplant, his fingers digging into the warm, wet carpet.

Wait. He flexed his hands. The carpet was definitely damp. But why the hell was it warm?

Wait. "You've got to be kidding me." Cooper jerked upright and lifted his hands to his nose. Please don't be piss. Please don't be piss. "Please don't be—"

Please don't be piss. Please don't be piss. He took a deep breath, but it wasn't the stench of urine on his fingers. He frowned and stared down at his hands, rubbing his fingertips together. The strobe lights flashed, playing tricks with his vision.

Iron. His hands smelled like iron.

Fighting a wave of panic, Cooper felt along the wall, searching for the lightswitch. He took one step and then another. His sneakers made a horrible squelching sound, sinking deeper into the moist floor.

What was the point of a lightswitch if he couldn't find the damn thing, anyway? He cursed his bad luck—right as his fingers finally grazed the switch. He let out an exhale of relief.

But the relief was short-lived.

Cooper stared at his hand. It looked as if he'd dunked it in a vat of red Kool Aid, his fingertips stained red.

He didn't want to look down.

He needed to look down.

needed He glanced at his feet. Regret stole over him an instant later. Regret and horror.

Cooper stood, transfixed, as he stared at Tracy Smith's very bloody, and very dead body.





2: The Inside of a Jail Cell


It was just Cooper's luck to stumble, literally, over a dead body.

"Tracy?" he asked stupidly, and then threw up all over the carpet.

Tracy Smith sat with her back propped against the wall, her legs twisted at an unnatural angle. Her throat had been sliced open; a fountain of blood spilled down her chest and saturated her baby pink ballerina costume.

Her eyes, the most recognizable blue eyes in Greenwitch County, stared sightlessly up at the ceiling. The expression on her face was one of surprise, as if to say, I can't believe I'm dead.

I can't believe I'm dead. Cooper backpedaled away from her body, and then realized, too late, that he'd dropped his beer on the carpet. For some reason, this seemed to be of vital importance. He'd dropped his beer on Tracy Smith's super expensive carpet, and now he was a dead man. A dead man.

A dead man. So is Tracy, he thought. She's a dead man. A dead girl.

So is Tracy, She's a dead man. A dead girl. It was official. He'd lost it. One ticket to crazytown, please.

He closed his eyes and ran a hand through his hair once. Twice. Three times.

Always three times.

Crap. He pulled his hand away from his head as if he'd been burned, staring at his bloodstained fingers in horror. Crap-crap-crap-crap—

Crap. Crap-crap-crap-crap— "Get it together," he whispered, fighting the urge to run a hand back through his hair. He couldn't let his compulsions get the best of him. Not here.

"Think," he murmured, balling his hands into fists. "Think. I found a dead body. Now..."

Now I need to call 911.

Now I need to call 911. Cooper fumbled for his cell phone. The music two floors below pulsed beneath his bloody sneakers, vibrating softly. He closed his eyes and tried to block out the sound as the phone rang once, then twice, and then:

"911, what's your emergency?"

"I found a dead body," Cooper blurted stupidly.

The emergency responder hesitated. "What's your location?"

"Um..."

Cooper panicked. He'd called 911, and now he had absolutely no idea what to say.

Calm the hell down, you idiot, he thought.

Calm the hell down, you idiot, "Yeah, um, I'm at Tracy Smith's house." He rattled off the address, his voice shaking.

"Can you tell me what happened?" The responder sounded cagey, disbelieving. But of course she didn't believe him. It was a Friday night on Halloween. How many sick prank calls did the emergency lines get on a night like this?

"She threw a huge party tonight," Cooper rambled. "I got here like an hour ago, and I was just sitting in the kitchen bored out of my mind, and Vincent told me to go upstairs. Tracy had this haunted hall thing going on, but by the time I came up it was over, so I decided to look for the bathroom because I really had to go, but it was super dark and the strobe lights totally sucked. And I sort of...tripped over her body. Tracy's. Tracy's body. The girl who—"

really "Threw the party, yes." The responder still sounded doubtful, but in a town like Greenwitch, the last name Smith meant something. "I'll send an officer down to check things out."

Smith Cooper withheld a groan. Once the first kid caught sight of a cop car cruising toward the house, everything would go straight to hell. Mass panic. Confusion.



A lot of kids would get in trouble tonight. And all of that would be on Cooper.

Tracy Smith is dead.

Tracy Smith is dead. "Please," he pleaded with the woman on the other end of the line. "She's dead . I could—"

dead Could what? Send a selfie?

Could what? Send a selfie? Cooper had the sudden wild mental image of him taking a picture with Tracy Smith's corpse.

I'm losing it.

I'm losing it. "An officer will be there in five minutes," the woman said.

The line went dead.

* * * * *

As predicted, all hell broke loose after the cop showed up.

Cooper couldn't quite remember how it happened. Looking back, he would wonder why he went downstairs after that phone call. Why, covered in a dead girl's blood, he sat down at the kitchen table as if it were just another day. Did Vincent come over and urge him to play a round of beer pong? He couldn't recall.

He did remember some time passing before the chaos erupted. Whoever the first responder was, they'd taken a coffee break. Of that, Cooper was certain. He could drive from one end of town to the other in ten minutes flat. Maybe the poor guy on duty wasn't in a rush to check out some bogus Halloween call.

Oh, boy.

boy. Another random detail that would stick with him: Tom Sahein. Why that skinny freshman from the yearbook committee stuck out as an important memory from that night...Cooper would never understand it. But even weeks after the incident, he would remember Tom standing at the front door, his face awash in hues of red and blue. He stood there like that for a time. Seventeen seconds, by Cooper's recollection.

He could remember that. Of course he could. Yet he couldn't remember a single detail about that shadowy figure on the staircase.

that. Naturally.

"Watch your head." Deputy Mitchell Pendowski tapped Cooper on the head as he ducked into the back of the cruiser. The deputy—who Cooper was positive lived in the same apartment complex as he did, on Kerry Lane—closed the door as gently as possible, blue lights dancing across his sharp features. Doubt and curiosity marred the frown turning down the corners of his mouth.

But in the end, it was silence that won out. He climbed into the driver's seat and threw the cruiser in reverse, carefully navigating out of the swarm of vehicles that had gathered outside of the Smith residence in the last forty minutes. Cooper counted fourteen cruisers. Another two were speeding down the half-mile drive, dust kicking up in their wake.

He could see it in the eyes of Deputy Pendowski every time their eyes met in the rearview. He could hear it in the silence as his classmates were escorted to the front lawn for questioning. He could taste it in the air—the thick stench of fear hanging over the skyline like smog. Oppressive. And inescapable.

It was a question. The same question he kept asking himself.

Who killed Tracy Smith?

Who killed Tracy Smith? Cooper rode to the station in silence. Deputy Pendowski tried taking pity on him by turning on the radio, but the signal was no good. Cursing, the deputy punched the dash, plunging them into the quiet of a soft engine.

It wasn't until they pulled up to the station that Cooper began to wonder about Vincent. He hadn't seen him—or had he? Maybe he'd gotten away. Or maybe he was already at the station, drunk and confused. Cooper figured he'd find out soon enough.



Tracy's dead, he thought. And so am I, once Mom finds out where I am.

Tracy's dead, And so am I, once Mom finds out where I am. Cooper bit back a sigh.

Deputy Pendowski undid his seatbelt and turned to face him. "Kid?"

It took Cooper a moment to collect himself. "Hmm?"

"Things are going to get a little crazy. Okay?"

"Sure," he muttered. It wasn't like he had any other choice but to go inside and face the music.

What music? You found a dead body. You're not a murderer.

What music? You found a dead body. You're not a murderer. Pendowski guided Cooper out of the car and into the station. The parking lot was empty. Pendowski assured him it wouldn't be empty for long.

"Trust me," the deputy said, leading Cooper past a row of desks and into the back hallway. "You're going to be glad I got you here when I did."

Cooper would have to take his word for it. He told him as much, and the deputy laughed.

"You're funny," he observed. "Can you hold out your hands for me?"

Cooper went through the motions, allowing the deputy to take a sample of the blood on his hands and in his hair. The ordeal took less than ten minutes, which would have been great, had Cooper been free to head home. Instead, the deputy had him sit back in one of the station's six cells, four of which were currently being used as storage for a variety of cardboard boxes.

Pendowski didn't bother locking the door to his cell and apologized profusely for the "song and dance" of it all. Before he left, he reminded Cooper that he would be free to leave soon.

That, as it turned out, was a lie.

Cooper sat on the cell's sole bench, his head in his hands. He knew what this meant: the police cruiser, the personal escort, the jail cell. As if finding the dead body of the most popular girl in school wasn't bad enough, now he was a suspect—or at least suspected of being involved somehow .

somehow And in this town, that was enough. Come sunrise, all of Greenwitch County would see his bloody hands, and then they would whisper.

His fate had been sealed the moment he walked up that staircase.

That's how small towns worked. It didn't matter how the word spread, or who spread it. All that mattered was that a pretty girl was dead, and Cooper had been the one to find her.

He envisioned himself rotting away in this holding cell, sitting just like he was for the rest of his long, miserable life. He would grow a beard, he decided. Work out a little. Maybe buzz his hair—his mom had always longed to give him a nice, good trim. He could look like a completely different person in jail. Not that it would matter, but the idea appealed to him.

He could be a stranger. A stranger named Cooper Daniels.

You just had to trip over the dead body, didn't you, Coop?

You just had to trip over the dead body, didn't you, Coop? Cooper rubbed his temples. It felt like a sledgehammer was doing its best to blast a hole straight through his skull. Maybe that was the shock. Or the exhaustion.

"Or both," Cooper muttered to himself.

"Coop."

Cooper looked up, straight into the tired eyes of Sheriff Marks. The sheriff wore faded jeans and an old flannel shirt dotted with coffee stains. He towered over Cooper, as thin and tall as a scarecrow.

Cooper opened his mouth, but he couldn't find his voice.

Sheriff Marks waved him off. "Don't. I don't want to hear it." He scratched at his receding hairline. What little hair he had left was grey. "Damn. Double damn, Coop. Do you have any idea what's going on out there?"



A helpless shrug from Cooper. The sheriff sighed.

"Can't say we have any idea what's happened, either. I've got my best officers out there combing through the scene. Doubt we'll find a thing that matters, at least not for a couple of days. And I'm not holding you that long, Coop. I won't allow it." He paused. "Now tell me honestly. You kill that girl?"

Cooper sat up straight, stunned. "What?"

"Coop—"

"No," he said fiercely. "Sheriff, it's me . I wouldn't—"

me "Then why, Coop." He pressed a finger to his temple. " Why did you go and get her blood in your hair and on your hands? Your vomit's all over the floor, for god's sakes! There isn't a single damn inch of that crime scene that doesn't have Cooper Daniels all over it."

Why Cooper deflated. He buried his face in his hands—and then recoiled at the smell of blood. "I...I just..." He swallowed past a lump in his throat. When he glanced back up at the sheriff, his vision was blurry. "I had to use the bathroom. That's all it was. I didn't want to go down to the stupid party and play stupid beer pong. I should have just stayed with Rachel."

bathroom. "Rachel?" Sheriff Marks raised an eyebrow and hooked his thumbs through his belt loops. "As in Rachel Smith? Coop—"

"She was wasted." Cooper stood and began pacing from one end of the cell to the other, ignoring the open door. "I took her upstairs. She passed out. I just wanted her to sleep it off."

"What time was this?"

He paused in the middle of the cell and frowned. Hadn't he checked his cell phone right before heading upstairs? "Ten. Or just past ten."

"Good." Sheriff Marks kicked the door open the rest of the way. The iron swung on rusty hinges. "'Cause I didn't much feel like telling your momma you killed that Smith girl."

"Huh?" Cooper stared at the open door. "But—"

"But what, Coop? Sure, it don't look good. And we got a hell of a lot of reports to run if we're gonna find out who did this. But if you were really with that Rachel girl when you said you were...well. That helps, son." The sheriff smiled wryly. "Now get out of the damn cell. We got actual criminals we need to hold."

It was a lie. Greenwitch County had an infamously low crime rate—hence the medieval state of their local jail. But Cooper smiled nonetheless. And when he stepped out into the hall, it felt as if the weight of the world had been lifted from his shoulders. The sheriff believed him. He actually believed him.

believed Or at least, he wanted to. And that was enough.

"I do gotta ask, though." Sheriff Marks paused just outside the door that led back into the bullpen. The prehistoric lights hanging overhead cast odd shadows against his cheekbones, giving him the hollow look of a recently reanimated skeleton. "You got any idea what this is?"

He dug a photo out of the front pocket of his khaki uniform. It was a folded polaroid. Of what, Cooper couldn't quite tell. Not at first, anyway.

He grabbed it from the sheriff and stared. And then grimaced.

"Oh." He cleared his throat. "Uh. Looks like a pile of my vomit."

"Yes, Coop." The sheriff rolled his eyes and tapped the upper right hand corner of the polaroid. "I'm talking about that. The piece of paper."

that. Cooper took a closer look. He was right. What looked like a torn page from a book had been half-buried under the pile of puke. A dozen or so words on the center of the page had been circled with a red pen.



She'll sting you one day,

She'll sting you one day, Oh, ever so gently,

Oh, ever so gently, so you hardly ever feel it.

so you hardly ever feel it. 'til you fall dead.

'til you fall dead. "It...I don't know. It's from a book, I guess." Cooper frowned at the thin lines of text.

"Hmm. Well." The sheriff waved him off when he tried to hand the polaroid back. "Keep it. We've got digital copies. You'll let me know if you can think of what the hell that means, won't you?"

Cooper nodded. He shoved the photo in his front pocket. "Yeah. Yeah, of course."

He wasn't sure what insight he would be able to provide, as compared to the entire police force of Greenwitch County. But he wasn't about to argue the point. Not now that he was a free man.

The sheriff nodded and led Cooper out into the bullpen. Half of the desks were unoccupied; the other half sat a random assortment of deputies, men and women in slacks, and a handful of familiar faces that Cooper knew from school.

He and Ryan Kane made eye contact from across the room. The senior had been secluded to a distant corner; a man Cooper recognized as Cory Michaels' father sat in a chair across from him, a notepad in hand.

Nearby, Stephanie Brighton—who ran in Rachel's crowd and typically had him right by the balls when it came to yearbook assignments—perched on the edge of a desk, mascara running down her cheeks. She dabbed at her eyes as a woman in uniform took a swab of DNA.

He was surprised Jessica Sneider wasn't there to hold Stephanie's hand. He still couldn't believe he'd managed to snag a kiss from the co-captain of the cheerleading squad in the fourth grade. Then again, that had been a simpler time.

Maybe it was for the best that she wasn't there. He hated the way she always turned her nose up at him, their elementary kiss banished from her memory like a bad smell.

wasn't His eyes stopped on the desk closest to him. Smaller even than Cooper, he immediately recognized Tom Sahein. His expression was still stunned, his knuckles white around his Canon EOS 90D. Cooper wondered how much dirt he'd captured on the student body that night.

And then he wondered if any of that dirt included a murder.

A row of windows ran along the length of the room. The blinds had been shuttered, blocking out the outside world. Cooper half expected to hear an angry mob outside, but it was silent as the grave.

Bad pun.

Cooper's gaze landed on a petite blonde at the front of the room, somewhere between the makeshift lobby and the bullpen. His world came to a screeching halt.

Amelia Daniels shifted anxiously from foot to foot, her long hair a disheveled mess. She wasn't wearing makeup and her clothes were wrinkled, but Cooper thought she was beautiful—which was pretty lame for a sixteen-year-old kid, but he didn't care. His mother was a good person, and her life had been too hard.

She scanned the room every few seconds, as if waiting to catch someone's eye. When she saw Cooper, her eyes began to shine. Guilt bubbled in his chest. His mother wasn't one to cry, especially not in public, and the fact that he'd pushed her this far hurt him.

His mom raced across the room and embraced him in a ferocious hug. He always forgot how strong she was. "Are you okay? Tell the truth, Cooper."

Her eyes—green, the way his looked if the light caught them right—blazed, daring him to lie to her.

"I'm fine, Mom." He gently pushed her away.

She pursed her lips. Cooper knew that look. She was about to start an argument worthy of World War III. And he knew exactly what she would say.

Fine? Fine, after finding a dead body?

Fine? Fine, after finding a dead body? "I'm just tired," he announced, giving her a significant look.

She didn't look convinced. In fact, Cooper thought she wasn't going to let it go. But then she took his hand—he let her, especially if it meant she would drop the subject—and turned to Sheriff Marks. "Thank you, Ted."

"Sure, Amy." Sheriff Marks gave a nervous smile. Smart man. "I'll call if there are any more...developments."

Cooper read between the lines: I'll call if Cooper's the killer.

I'll call if Cooper's the killer. His mom nodded stiffly, and then she and Cooper left the station, clinging on to one another. She let him go only long enough to let him crawl into the passenger seat before gripping his hand in hers.

He let out a long, slow breath.

She didn't say a word on the drive home. That was one thing he loved about her—she knew when enough was enough.

And Cooper had definitely had enough for one night.





3: Blood Tells


There was blood under Calla Parker's fingernails. Blood and dirt.

She stared down at the water rushing down the sink, expressionless. Her skin burned with the intensity with which she scrubbed her hands. If she scrubbed hard enough, maybe she would break skin. Then she could pretend the blood was her own.

Yes. She could pretend. But that wouldn't make her reality any less sinister.

She'd known the moment she ran her hands under the sink that the blood didn't belong to her. She'd already double-checked her body for injuries. Even a papercut would have sufficed. But just as she'd thought, there were none. She didn't have so much as a bruise.

Her eyes flashed from the bathroom to her purple bedspread, combing the space for any indication of wrong. A ruffled curtain. A misplaced shoe. Something that would explain the filth on her hands.

wrong. Her clothes from the night before—why had she dressed as a witch, of all things?—were in a pile at the foot of her bed. Odd, perhaps. She wasn't normally so careless. But discarded clothes were certainly no red flag.

witch, It's probably fake, she mused, attacking her nail beds. Dye for some tacky vampire costume. Or maybe a bloody pirate. Zombie? Probably a zombie.

It's probably fake, Dye for some tacky vampire costume. Or maybe a bloody pirate. Zombie? Probably a zombie. Calla thought back to the night before. She vaguely remembered a party. Loud music. A lot of booze. Not that she'd touched the stuff—had she?

People. There were definitely a lot of people. Tracy must have invited half the school.

People. There were definitely a lot of people. Tracy must have invited half the school. The same could be said of any Smith party. She sighed. She hadn't wanted to go to the damn thing, but Rachel had forced her with that disgusting pout she always pulled when she wanted to get her way.

Calla frowned, trying to remember more—who had been there, what she'd done—but she drew a blank. Her memory felt like a vast abyss, stretching on into darkness. No matter how hard she pushed against that abyss, it never gave an inch. If anything, it only grew wider. Larger.

As if to spite her.

"Calla?"

Rosalind Parker didn't bother knocking. Calla shut off the water and grabbed a towel just as her mother burst into the room, her dark eyes wide and worried. She gave her mother a tired smile, though she wasn't tired at all.

"Did you hear the news?" Rosalind leaned against the doorframe. She looked exhausted. "About Tracy?"

Calla froze, hands twisted in the towel. "What about Tracy?"

"She's dead," her mother said softly. A moment later, Calla realized why. She was supposed to be close to Tracy. Or at least, close enough to care. "Killed. I told you those parties were dangerous."

supposed Calla forced her expression into one of shock. Inside, she felt...indigestion. What the hell had she eaten last night?

"Dead?" she whispered.

"I'm afraid so." Her mother shook her head. "The police aren't saying anything, of course. But you know how word gets around."

Horror. Shock. That's what you're supposed to be feeling right now. Don't forget.

Horror. Shock. That's what you're supposed to be feeling right now. Don't forget. Calla wanted to snatch her clothes from the floor and analyze every thread of fabric. She wanted to rifle through her drawers. Through her closet. She wanted— needed —to find something that would give her a clue as to what the hell had happened the night before.

needed Her hands burned. She had a creeping suspicion she already knew the answer to the question rattling the bones of Greenwitch County.

Calla shuffled over to her bed and sat down. She forced out a deep breath. "Lucky I left early, I guess."



But how early? And who saw me leave?

But how early? And who saw me leave? "Lucky you did," her mother agreed, grim. "It's a mess. That Daniels boy—"

"Daniels?" Calla interrupted. "Cooper Daniels?"

"The same." Rosalind rolled her eyes. "They actually brought him in. To the station . If I were Amelia, I'd have Pendowski's ass for shutting my kid in some cell."

station She didn't question how her mother knew this information. She'd been right on at least one count. Word got around in a town like Greenwitch.

Rosalind made another comment or two on how horrible the entire situation was—and how very sorry she was for Rachel, for Calla—before announcing that breakfast was ready. Calla barely heard her. Her thoughts were consumed by memories of Tracy Smith. Of music and mayhem and flashing lights.

And Cooper Daniels.

She turned to look out of her bedroom window. The sun had just begun its ascent into the sky; it hung over the field separating her house from the brick apartment complex next door. She imagined if she looked hard enough, she would be able to see Cooper through his bedroom window, sleeping peacefully.

Maybe not so peacefully, all things considered.

Calla lifted her hands and wiggled her fingers, watching the veins move beneath her skin—her fragile, fragile skin. She knew how easily a knife could slice through skin. She'd accidentally nicked herself a thousand times in the kitchen. And when the blood started running, it seemed to run forever.

Calla waited until she was sure her mother was back in the kitchen before plucking her phone from the nightstand by her bed. And then she called the only person in the world who might have all the answers she needed.

"Calla?"

"Hey, Rach." She allowed a respectful pause. If she blew this, Rachel would give her nothing but the cold shoulder for days, if not weeks. And Calla didn't have that kind of time. "Mom just told me the news. D'you wanna talk about it?"

The other end of the line was silent. Calla kept count of the seconds that passed—three, four, five—until Rachel finally broke down in a sob. Calla felt herself relax. Sobbing was good. Sobbing meant she'd said the right thing.

"It's awful," Rachel finally said. "I can't believe she's gone."

"Neither can I," Calla admitted truthfully.

"She was like my sister." She sniffed loudly. Calla narrowed her eyes and held the phone away from her ear, as if misery were something she could catch. When Rachel spoke, her voice came out as a tinny whine. "Why would anyone do this?"

do Calla withheld a sigh. There were a number of reasons why Tracy could have been killed, and none would comfort her best friend.

Well. She was a horrible bitch, for one.

Well. She was a horrible bitch, for one. "Some people are sick in the head," she said instead. "No one can explain that."

Rachel's voice sounded stronger when she spoke next. Angrier. "Whoever it is, they're going to rot in hell."

Calla shifted uncomfortably on the bed, her fingers—up until recently, stained pink with the remnants of blood—twisted in the sheets. She needed to take control of the conversation before it got out of hand. "Have you talked to the police?" Aggressive. Too aggressive. "I mean...do you remember anything? From last night?"

Aggressive. Too aggressive. "Barely." Rachel sounded defeated. "I've got the worst hangover..."

"Same," she lied. "I can't remember anything." She paused, wondering if she should improvise to try and prod something from Rachel's memory. She didn't have much experience with grief. Would a game of twenty questions push her over the edge?

I won't know if I don't try.

I won't know if I don't try. Calla proceeded with caution. "Did we...leave the party early? Before...?"

She trailed off, leaving the door open. Hoping Rachel would step through with open arms.

She took the bait. Calla refrained from grinning. "Yeah...maybe? I think you did. I remember you found me downstairs."

you "Why did I leave so early?" she murmured. Her confusion was not a ploy. Not this time.

Memories of the night before—memories that should have been front and center—remained out of her reach.

"Something about your mom. You know how she is."

Calla immediately pulled the phone from her ear and went through her texts. She almost sighed with relief when she saw the message from Rosalind at 10:34 last night.

Come home ASAP...no sleepovers tonight.

Come home ASAP...no sleepovers tonight. I had an excuse to leave, Calla thought, strangely relieved. On the other end of the phone, Rachel's tone shifted to something like embarrassment. "I was so drunk. God. I think Cooper Daniels was with me. At least at some point. But that's where it gets fuzzy..."

I had an excuse to leave, so "Cooper Daniels?" Calla returned the phone to her ear, suddenly invested in the conversation.

That name again. Cooper Daniels. The boy who found the body.

name Calla's eyes drifted back over to the window. Hello, neighbor.

Hello, neighbor. "Yeah." Rachel cleared her throat awkwardly. "He, uh, helped me to my room. I think."

Calla's temper suddenly flared. "What do you mean, helped you? Did he try anything?"

helped "No! God." Rachel laughed nervously. "I think I did, actually. But when I woke up there was a trash can by the bed and the door was locked from the inside."

"Hmm." Calla relaxed back on the bed, placated. Good guy Cooper Daniels. Taking care of the drunk girl at the party and calling in dead bodies.

"Yeah. He was kinda sweet. I guess. I don't know." Rachel paused, and her voice became melancholy again. "I can't believe she's gone, Calla."

This again. Calla sighed into the phone. "Me either." A respectful pause. Then: "Do you remember seeing her? At all?"

This "Well, obviously. She met us at the door." Rachel sounded uncertain. "And we took a few shots together. I have a picture of us on my phone..."

Calla let Rachel reminisce. It was a few seconds before she spoke again, and when she did, she sounded weary.

"I saw her go upstairs. I saw her. But I didn't think anything of it. I didn't—"

saw "It's okay, Rach." Calla knew she had gotten all she could from her. At least for now. "We can talk about it later."

Rachel heaved a great, shuddering sigh. "Thanks for calling, Cal. You're a good friend." Her voice wavered. "You're like a sister too, you know that?"

Calla said nothing. She could picture Rachel perfectly, sitting on the edge of her bed as Calla was, a box of tissues on her huge body pillow. Her nose would be red from crying. Her eyes would be bloodshot. And her hair—black like Tracy's—would be up in a messy bun.

"Love you, Rach," Calla murmured. She let the words sink in, but felt nothing.

It was a lie.

"Love you too, Cal." Rachel meant it. The words rang with sincerity.

Calla hung up the phone.





4: Buried Secrets


Cooper stared at the shoebox under his bed.

Leave it be. Better yet, bury it, his conscience whispered. Bury it deep.

Leave it be. Better yet, bury it, Bury it deep. But Cooper knew better. In this town, secrets never stay buried for long.

He swiped at the shoebox, grabbing it before he could second guess himself. Heart pounding, Cooper flipped off the top, but not before sparing a glance over his shoulder. He could hear his mom across the hall, singing off-key to an old Michael Jackson tune in the shower. The busted radio warbled along with her, hanging on for dear life.

Just a quick peek, he told his conscience, which rolled a metaphorical eye.

Just a quick peek, He hadn't thought about the shoebox in months. But the damn thing had been calling to him ever since he'd woken up, causing him to pace a hole into his dingy carpet. He'd thought staring retrospectively out of his bedroom window might soothe his nerves. Instead, his eyes had strayed to the old oak tree edging the Parkers' backyard.

That damn tree.

Cooper sifted through the contents of the shoebox, his fingertips brushing over an assortment of photographs. His cheeks burned at the sight.

The subject in each photograph was the same. Fiery red hair. And those bone-chilling black eyes. Calla Parker haunted his nightmares, and only by shoving her in a box under his bed could he banish her from his thoughts—waking and sleeping.

"I know you killed her," he whispered, picking up a photo from three months back. Their first day of sophomore year. She stood in the driveway, her face blank as she stared back at him. Searching, but not seeing. "I know it."

know These pictures proved nothing. A photograph couldn't capture her empty soul.

"You're going to be late, Coop!"

Cooper dropped the picture and scrambled to shove the cursed box back under his bed. He was just hurrying to his feet when his mom knocked on the door.

"Coop, babe."

"Coming." He ripped the door open and stood there, one hand on his backpack and the other running through his hair.

She gave him a skeptical look, a mint green towel wrapped around her head to hold her mass of wet curls. An equally green mask covered her face. "School. Now."

"School. Fine," he grumbled as he slouched down the hall.

"Don't give me that look," she called behind him. "Your education is more important than some half-rate small town gossip!"

Cooper gave a heavy sigh. "Yes, ma'am."

He shoved his free hand in his front pocket, feeling for his keys. Instead, his fingers brushed the edge of a polaroid—the one Sheriff Marks had given him the night of Tracy's murder. Cooper's resolve wavered for a moment. But only a moment.

She'll sting you one day...

She'll sting you one day... Cooper had no idea what those words meant, or what book that page had been ripped from. But it was a start. And a start was all he really needed.

Steeling his resolve, Cooper headed out into the cool November morning, determined to solve the mystery—and with any luck, clear his good name.

* * * * *

"Amelia couldn't give you the day off?"

"Apparently, my education is too important." Cooper forced the words out through clenched teeth. He kept his head tucked in his locker, fearful of what would happen if he showed his face with the hallways so packed full of bodies.



Hateful, glowering bodies.

"Look on the bright side." Vincent leaned against the locker beside his, absolutely thrilled with the attention Cooper was receiving. "At least you're not a bloodthirsty killer." A dramatic pause. "Or are you?"

are Cooper grabbed his camera and threw the strap around his neck. He slammed his locker shut and glared up at Vincent. "Not helping."

Vincent, unperturbed by the news that his best friend could be a murderer, grinned down at him. "You should just tell everyone you were too busy getting busy with Rachel Smith. Rock solid alibi. No pun intended."

busy Cooper's cheeks erupted with color. He fumbled for words, aghast. "You—I—you're unbelievable! Nothing happened."

He scanned the hall and almost immediately regretted it. A dozen eyes pinned him in place. Most shone with resentment. Mistrust. Fear.

"You should ask her to the winter gala. You're like, her knight in shining armor." Vincent pretended not to notice the swirling cloud of hate converging around them. "Girls love that."

"I've said it once. I'll say it again." Cooper turned and hurried down the hall, sticking close to the lockers. Vincent followed in his footsteps. "You're unbelievable. Her cousin was just murdered ."

murdered "Totally not your fault." Vincent maneuvered in front of Cooper in one long stride. He slammed his arm against the nearest locker, bringing them both to a halt. "Seriously, Coop. Stop acting like you have something to apologize for. Maybe then people will stop expecting an apology."

Cooper stared at his friend, flabbergasted. He wanted to argue. But when Vincent dropped a nugget of wisdom like that —well. It made any argument moot.

that "It'll get better," Vincent promised gently, and then tapped the spine of his textbook against Cooper's shoulder. "Gotta run. Coach Pratt will flay me alive if I'm late to economics again."

It'll get better.

It'll get better. Cooper held that conviction close to his heart. He headed to his next class with a modicum of confidence, repeating the mantra in his head. Willing it to be true. It'll get better. It'll get better.

It'll get better. It'll get better. It'll get—

It'll get— "You're a dead man, Daniels."

Worse. It'll definitely get worse.

Worse. It'll definitely get worse. He spun around, heart in his throat, and held the camera to his chest like some sort of shield. From across the hall, gathered in front of the junior lockers, stood a group of football jocks that Cooper knew well. He'd picked Vincent up from practice enough times to know when they were pushing his buttons.

And when they weren't.

Jacob Stein stood at the head of the group, his athletic bag slung casually over one shoulder. He hadn't dressed in black, unlike the vast majority of the rest of the school. He hadn't even tried. His grey sweats and letterman jacket screamed I care about football and football only, and screw everyone else.

I care about football and football only, and screw everyone else. Cooper couldn't help but notice Ryan Kane among the group. He felt a flicker of recognition when their eyes met—and an unexpected surge of resentment.

I saw you, Cooper wanted to say. I saw you at the police station. Why were you there?

I saw you, I saw you at the police station. Why were you there? Did anyone else know where Ryan had been that night? Cooper couldn't be sure. Maybe he was misreading the situation. Maybe Ryan had been taken in for questioning for reasons other than the corpse of his classmate.



Cooper doubted that. But he kept his mouth shut, unwilling to cast doubt on Ryan's character. Not when he didn't know the whole story.

He broke eye contact and hurried away, ignoring the jeers that followed. Before he'd so much as turned the corner, the final bell rang. Cooper's heart sank.

Tardy. Of course.

Checking the time on his watch, he weighed his options. He could attend second period—with a tardy slip, no less— and sit next to a girl he was almost sure had committed murder two nights prior...

Or he could get some answers.

Might as well take that L and keep it moving.

Might as well take that L and keep it moving. His mind made, Cooper wound his way to the center of the school, bypassing the biology classroom without a backward glance. He kept his head down as he passed a group of rowdy seniors. One of the girls scoffed.

He ignored it and slipped inside the library, holding his breath. He lifted his eyes and scanned the front desk, searching for the familiar face of the petite librarian.

She was nowhere in sight. Cooper let out the breath he'd been holding and disappeared among the tall stacks of books, trying not to inhale too deeply for fear that the fumes of the ancient library would cause him to pass out.

The place had to be riddled with mold. It was the one room in the school that hadn't received a facelift in the last ten years, a project that the likes of the Smith family had helped fund 'for the betterment of their children's education'. Of course, the fieldhouse, football field and gym had been the first amenities to reap the rewards of their cash. But that was a discussion for another day.

Without the eyes of prying classmates on his back, Cooper could finally relax. He eyed the nearby shelves, turning one way and then another. Encyclopedias. Of course he'd found the encyclopedias.

Focus, Cooper.

Focus, Cooper. He pulled out the polaroid and examined the four lines on the vomit-ridden page. Grimacing, he used his phone to type in a quick search for the first line.

After what felt like an eternity, the results popped up. He clicked on the first link.

Grimm's Complete Fairy Tales

Grimm's Complete Fairy Tales Grimm's Complete Fairy Tales Encouraged, Cooper began roaming the aisles, searching first by genre and then, when he didn't find what he was looking for, by author. And still he came up empty-handed.

Leave it to Greenwitch High's ramshackle library to let him down.

Undeterred, Cooper braced himself against one of the shelves and pulled his phone back out. He scrolled until he found a promising article on one fairytale in particular, The Queen Bee ; but his head quickly shot up when the bell rang, piercing through the silence.

The Queen Bee I'm dead if I miss third period, he thought, scooping his textbook off the floor and booking it out of the library. He'd only just shouldered his way out into the hall when he froze.

I'm dead if I miss third period, A pair of dark eyes stared at him from the other end of the hall.

Calla looked somber in a black long sleeve, blending in well with the mourning crowd by her side. Cooper recognized Jessica Sneider's long blonde hair and, hovering behind her like a shadow, Stephanie Brighton. Easily the shortest girl in school, Stephanie spoke quietly to one of the Richardson twins—Mike or Blake, Cooper couldn't be sure.

Only Calla took notice of Cooper. She smirked at him. Her eyes filled with amusement, as if they were sharing a hilarious joke.

A wave of fury swept over Cooper. Fury that even here, standing amidst a crowd, she could belittle him. Could mock him with those eyes that said, Yes, Cooper. I remember the cat too.

mock Yes, Cooper. I remember the cat too. Before she could so much as blink, he raised his camera and took a quick snapshot, capturing their silent exchange.

Yes, Calla. You remember the cat. I remember the cat. And one day, the whole world will know about the cat...and Tracy Smith.

Yes, Calla. You remember the cat. I remember the cat. And one day, the whole world will know about the cat...and Tracy Smith. Her smirk vanished. She eyed the camera around his neck and then, at the prompting of her friends, she turned. Her slim figure disappeared around the corner, a flash of red in an otherwise endless seat of black.

Cooper glanced down at his camera. Calla stared out at him, her taunting smile frozen in place.

If ever there was a hell on earth, she would find it and rule.

If ever there was a hell on earth, she would find it and rule. "Coop."

He jumped and the camera fell from his grasp, bouncing against his chest. Standing directly in front of him, Stephanie cocked one perfectly sculpted eyebrow.

Another familiar face from the police station.

"Steph," he said weakly, already anticipating the question in her eyes. "About the party—"

"Forget about it. Tracy's dead." She sounded unbelievably sad as she handed him a pink sheet of paper. "I reworked the yearbook committee's schedule. I figure, what with everything going on...well. I ended up cutting a few pages. To make our lives easier."

Cooper tried to smother the guilt bubbling in the pit of his stomach. Stephanie could be ruthless when it came to running the committee—so much so that Cooper had almost forgotten how kind she could be.

At least she acknowledged his existence.

"And, Coop..." Stephanie hesitated, running a finger through her brown curls. "Could you...I mean, look. About that night, at the station—"

"Don't worry about it," he said, the words almost automatic. "It's not my business. We can keep it between us."

Truth be told, Cooper had no idea why she'd been at the station that night. He only knew it had been his own rotten luck that landed him there. And he really wasn't in any position to make wild assumptions.

him Stephanie gave him a grateful smile. "Thank you. Seriously." She turned and then hesitated, looking back at him. "I don't think you had anything to do with her death. If that counts for anything."

She was gone before he had the chance to muster a reply.





5: And All the People Said, Amen


A cool breeze stirred Calla's hair, a warning that the warm weather would not last.

"Can you stay at my place tonight?"

"I'm sure." Calla kicked a pebble out of her path. The sun warmed her shoulders, offsetting the chill in the air. She squinted up at the sky.

"Please," Rachel whispered, her voice breaking. Calla resisted the urge to sigh. "I can't believe the funeral is tomorrow."

"Mom'll be home in an hour," Calla lied. "I can head over then. You can do this, Rach." She paused, then amended: " We can do this."

We Her focus traveled down the road, to the battered red Honda in her driveway. Rosalind had been home for over an hour now, but Rachel didn't need to know that.

She can survive for an hour without me, Calla reasoned. She had more pressing matters to attend to than her best friend's tears.

She can survive for an hour without me, Cold? Perhaps. Practical? Undoubtedly.

They said their goodbyes and Calla exhaled, quickening her pace. Each step brought her closer to the old white farmhouse she called home. Everything about it screamed domestication. The chipped paint. The broken front porch steps. The little picket fence that came no higher than her waist. It was an old, rundown piece of crap, but she had a strange attachment to it.

It was the one place where she could close the door and shut out the world—and with it, the mask she wore.

Calla barely had time to unsling the bag from her shoulders before Rosalind descended on her, a bag of groceries still in one hand. "There you are."

"Here I am." Calla took the groceries from her mother's arm. "Where else would I be?"

"Dead in a ditch," she said unceremoniously. She backtracked into the kitchen. "I don't want you wandering around after school, especially now that practice is cancelled this week."

Another inconvenience to Calla's daily routine. Track practice gave her something to do—something beyond fantasizing about the way a person's skin might look when peeled from their bones.

"I'm not wandering around. It's a ten minute walk." Calla gathered up the plastic bags from the counter and stowed them beneath the sink, saving them for—what, a rainy day? She had no idea, but her mother liked to keep them around "just in case", whatever the hell that meant.

wandering around. Rosalind came up behind her and kissed the top of her head, playing absently with the ends of her hair. "How was Rachel?"

"Sad."

"Honey."

"The funeral is tomorrow." Calla's mind was a million miles away. She tried to force herself back into the present, but her thoughts kept straying to her bedroom. "Rach wants me to come over tonight."

Her mother sighed. Her hands fell from Calla's hair. "I suppose that's alright. How can I say no?"

"So you'll give me a ride?"

She smirked as she turned away, disappearing into the pantry. "Nice try."

Good. Calla typed out a quick text to Rachel, letting her know she'd need a ride after dinner. I need all the time I can get.

Good. I need all the time I can get. And she wasted none of that time. Calla closed her bedroom door and got to work, heading straight for her closet.

She scanned the floor, staring at her discarded costume from the Halloween party just three short nights ago. She ran the thin material over her fingertips, but found nothing amiss. The tights were spotless. The skirt, wrinkled—but otherwise suitable. She held each article of clothing up to her nose and took a deep breath.



Sweat. Maybe a hint of vodka. But no scent of iron. No whiff of earth.

Calla dropped the costume into her hamper and scanned the floor for her shoes. She'd insisted on wearing boots that night. Rachel's boots, as a matter of fact.

They weren't in the closet.

Suspicious now, Calla exited the closet and fell to her knees. She peered under the bed and froze.

A pair of muddy boots stared back at her.

She grabbed them and rushed into the bathroom. They were leather, and Calla had no idea how the hell she was supposed to clean leather, but she did her best with a washcloth and warm water. The mud fell away, dirtying the sink and filling the air with the scent of warm earth. She scrubbed at every crease until the water ran clear and the smell of leather overpowered the smell of grime.

supposed What gives, Calla? She carried the boots into her bedroom and sat them on her purple bedspread. Filthy boots...

What gives, Calla? Filthy boots... And filthy hands.

And filthy hands. Her eyes strayed to the open window. At the edge of her vision, a large oak tree—technically on their property, though its branches extended into county land—provided the only cover between her house and the apartment complex next door. The field stood between them, dead grass stretching to the distant tree line.

"Calla!" her mother called. "Can you come set the table?"

She cursed, glaring at the boots on her bed.

Time. She needed more time.

time. "Calla." A warning.

"Sorry," she called, hurrying out of the bedroom and into the kitchen. She brushed past her mother, trying to channel the same melancholy she'd been working so hard to perfect all day. "Was just packing a bag."

From the living room, Calla could hear the low hum of the local news station. She pretended not to take much interest—pretended, and failed. Her hands were in the sink, cleaning plates. But her eyes were on the TV, trying to make sense of what she was seeing.

"You can go turn that up," her mother offered quietly. "I know you and Rachel must be wound up about this mess."

Calla needed no further encouragement. She darted into the living room and grabbed the remote, cranking up the volume. She wasn't sure why the news channel had been left running, but she had a feeling it had something to do with her obsessive need to check for fresh reports three times a day.

Sheriff Marks peered out at her from the screen. Dark circles weighed his eyes down, and the little hair he had left was unkempt, sticking up in the back like a stray stalk of corn.

Christ. The man had seen better days.

Calla hovered in the space between the living and dining room, unable to peel her eyes away from the screen.

"We want to assure the citizens of Greenwitch County that we are doing all that we can at this time." The sheriff rubbed at his forehead, pulling his hair as he did so. No wonder he looked such a hot mess. "We have not, at this time, identified any suspects in Tracy Smith's murder. The weapon—a knife from the Smith's kitchen—has not been found."

An odd feeling began to stir in her gut.

"The department would like to ask the citizens of Greenwitch to report any unusual behavior," Sheriff Marks went on. "We will not rest until we have the killer in custody."

The reporters in the crowd exploded with questions. Sheriff Marks winced. And Calla, who had no time for the useless blather that was sure to follow the official report, turned off the TV.



She padded back into the kitchen and began rifling through the silverware, her mind elsewhere.

Filthy boots. Filthy hands.

Filthy boots. Filthy hands. Mud and blood. Mud and blood and blood and blood.

Calla's fingers brushed the butter knives, and she froze.

Filthy boots. Filthy hands.

Filthy boots. Filthy hands. Filthy knife.

Filthy knife. She glanced over her shoulder. Her mother was occupied, slicing meticulously through a red onion.

"One sec," Calla muttered, dropping a set of silverware and a pile of napkins on the dining room table before rushing over to the front door. "I forgot something in the car. Is it unlocked?"

"Hmm-hmm," Rosalind hummed, distracted.

Calla slipped out of the front door, her stomach twisting into uneasy knots. She knew there was a chance she would be seen. But there were a hundred yards between her backyard and the apartment complex—a hundred cold, obscure yards. She doubted anyone would bother spying long enough to catch what she was up to.

Hurry, Calla. Time is ticking.

Hurry, Calla. Time is ticking. She circled the house, her sights set on the oak tree at the edge of their property. Beneath its branches, the ground was soft and wet. Her shoes sank into the earth, and a horrible certainty stole over her.

She glanced down at her sneakers. The soles were already coated with a layer of mud.

At the base of the tree, near one of the larger roots, the earth had been disturbed. It wouldn't be enough to notice. Not at a distance, anyway. But Calla knew what to look for.

A patch of leaves covered the worst of the damage. Taking care to avoid a deep patch of mud, she crouched over the plot of upturned earth and flicked aside fallen leaves. Clods of mud—thick and unappealing—lay scattered, as if someone had dug through the ground and not done a very good job of covering their tracks.

Calla closed her eyes. She took a deep breath, allowing the cool air to penetrate her lungs.

And then she began to dig.

* * * * *

Calla stared down at her hands, thinking of knives and blood.

A bead of sweat rolled down her back. She bit back a huff and shifted, trying to get comfortable. A hard task from her spot in the first row of the overcrowded church. She forced herself to stop, to focus—to sit still. She needed to channel thoughts of grief. Grief was safe. Grief was normal.

That's all it takes, she thought, casting her eyes downward, pretending to be overcome with emotion and not overcome with an oncoming heat stroke. Make them believe. You're one of them.

That's all it takes, Make them believe. You're one of them. You. Are. Normal.

You. Are. Normal. Even from a young age Calla had understood the importance of looking normal—since it soon became apparent that she wasn't. Not at all.

She still remembered her mother's worried looks when she would do something that fell into the not-so-normal category, even as young as six years old. Like that time she squeezed a puppy a little too tight—and laughed a little too hard when it squealed in pain. Or when she hit Jessica Sneider for taking her toy in kindergarten. She hadn't meant to scratch her, but when the blood welled, Calla watched on, fascinated, while Jessica cried and screamed.

Rachel had been the only little girl who wasn't afraid to play with Calla after that. And Calla quickly learned from her how to change her behavior, how to make her mother smile and laugh and forget about her daughter's dark days. She watched Rachel closely, mimicking the way she grinned, the way she laughed, the way she played. And soon Calla was grinning and laughing and playing, and the other kids warmed up to her again, no longer afraid.



Rachel had taught Calla her most important lesson: how to blend in. How to survive.

And how did Calla repay her? By breaking that simplest of lessons.

By killing her damn cousin.

Calla's mind wandered to her sock drawer. The sock drawer, of all places. It had seemed like a great idea at the time. Where better to hide a murder weapon?

sock The murder weapon. Calla still couldn't believe she'd found that knife, buried barely six inches in the ground under the old oak tree. She hadn't had time to analyze it. She'd barely had time to wash it off before stowing it, frantic to hide the evidence.

But she had no doubts: the knife would be a match for the missing blade from the Smith's kitchen. Which really left her with only one conclusion.

I killed Tracy Smith.

I killed Tracy Smith. On her left, Rosalind buried a sneeze. The jolt brought Calla back to the present. She blinked. Warm bodies surrounded her, pressing in.

"And yea," the preacher boomed out from the head of the church, his gelatinous arms outreached toward the crowd, "though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil. For thou art with me. Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me."

"Tracy didn't even like church," Rachel murmured to her right, tears catching in her throat. "She said people who went to church were sanctimonious pieces of—"

"Rachel," Patricia Smith hissed from her other side. She gripped her daughter's hand, hellfire in her hazel eyes.

"She would hate this." Rachel's chin jutted out defiantly.

She would, Calla thought, her eyes straying over to the sleek black casket, the base blanketed with a thick layer of white roses. And she'd hate those tacky white roses, too.

She would, And she'd hate those tacky white roses, too. Calla said as much under her breath. Rachel choked back a horrified laugh.

The preacher made a few more closing remarks. Rachel held her tongue just long enough for him to bid the mourners farewell before turning back to Calla, her eyes gleaming with tears.

Yet the words that spilled out were fierce and full of loathing. "Guess who didn't show?"

Calla raised an eyebrow and twisted around, one arm braced against the back of the wooden pew. She scanned the crowd; most of the faces were familiar to her. "There's a lot of people here, Rach."

"Gareth," Rachel hissed. She pushed Calla's cheek to the right, steering her line of sight. "That pig."

Calla swallowed back a retort. Of course Gareth hadn't shown his face. The kid had been screwing Tracy behind Astrid's back since the eighth grade. The whole town knew about his indiscretions. Calla imagined he didn't relish the thought of sitting through a funeral service for his side piece.

She kept her thoughts to herself as she turned back to Rachel. "Well, yeah. He's a piece of..." Her eyes flickered over to her mother, who had stood to give Patricia a hug. "You know."

An angry tear spilled down Rachel's cheek. Before she could sweep it away—and destroy her makeup in the process—Calla reached up and dabbed at her skin with a spare tissue.

Rachel softened almost immediately. "Calla...I don't think I can do this." Her eyes darted to a spot just over Calla's shoulder. "Jess and Astrid—"

" You're the one who's grieving." Calla forced the tissue into Rachel's hand. "You don't have to talk to anyone if you don't want to. They'll understand. I can go over and explain, if you want me to."

You're

The relief translated to more tears. Rachel gripped her in a fierce hug, her voice a whisper when she said, "Thank you."

"No problem." Calla stood and readjusted the hem of her dress. She gave her mother a one second gesture before squeezing through the crowd that had gathered around Tracy's coffin. She reappeared on the other side, unscathed. Stephanie flagged her down, standing to grab her attention.

one second Calla approached and allowed Stephanie to pull her into a hug. "Hey."

"This is awful. Awful. " Stephanie stepped back. Jessica took her place, pulling Calla into a stiff, awkward embrace.

Awful. "Rach is upset." Calla wasted no words. "She wanted to come over, but..."

"We get it." Jessica gave Calla a superficial smile. Something in her expression made Calla think she was trying to come across as sympathetic.

Her efforts were wasted.

"We can grab coffee or something after practice one day. That'll cheer her up," Jessica went on, oblivious to the somber atmosphere hanging about the church like a wet blanket. "Ugh. But your practice runs so late , Cal Gal. I guess we can always wait," she added, as if this simple act of decency was worth any praise.

late Calla gritted her teeth against the sound of Jessica's pet name for her: Cal Gal. Jessica had been playing this game with Calla since middle school. She, Stephanie, Astrid and Rachel had been on the cheer squad together for years; Calla, on the other hand, had taken to the four hundred meter dash. Shaking pom-poms simply wasn't in her nature. Chasing down her competitors, on the other hand...

Cal Gal. It gave Calla a deadly rush.

Nevertheless, Calla's resistance against cheer had driven a wedge between her and Jessica. For reasons unknown, the other girl simply couldn't let the matter go. Every topic, no matter how inconsequential, tied back into cheer. Tied back into the fact that Calla was not of their cheer cult.

go. She was separate. Other.

Other. Calla offered a warm smile. "Coffee would be great. I know she'll appreciate it."

Rachel would hate it, in fact. She would view the gesture as shallow. Let that be a problem for Jessica to fix. Far be it from Calla to let her take the fall for her own vapid stupidity.

"We could grab a coffee now," Stephanie offered, her eyes bouncing between the two girls.

"Don't be insensitive," Jessica said, aghast.

"Tracy's body is still warm," Astrid agreed, her dark skin lustrous even in the unflattering light of the church. The two girls shared a look.

Stephanie flushed and said nothing.

"See you guys later," Calla murmured, turning and disappearing back into the crowd. She wasn't sure what to make of the exchange. Stephanie's suggestion had been innocent enough.

The crowd had thinned considerably by the time Calla made it back to Rachel's side. She turned just in time to catch Jessica, Stephanie, and Astrid escaping through the front door; the sheriff's daughter and longtime boyfriend Steven Lowry were right on their heels, together with his troublemaking friend Trevor Miles.

She could practically feel their grief fall away as they stepped through those church doors. Whatever tears they'd shed, whatever lies they'd fed one another...it would all be forgotten by the time their keys were in the ignition.

Rachel wouldn't be leaving her grief here today. She'd be carrying it around for the rest of her life.

Calla was just about to turn back around when she caught sight of Vincent and Cooper loitering by the door. Vincent stared ahead, his focus elsewhere. But Cooper watched her warily, a question in his eyes.



She stared back at him. And the longer she stared, the more she began to wonder.

Does he know I killed her?

Does he know I killed her? She very much doubted that. But did he suspect ?

suspect She took a step toward him. She wanted to ask what he saw when he looked at her. She wanted to ask a great many things, in truth. About the knife in the backyard. About the pictures on that camera of his. About the dead girl on the third floor.

About the skinned cat under the oak tree.

But then he turned. And just like that, he was gone.

* * * * *

One week. Three days. Twelve hours.

Somewhere in the Greenwitch Cemetery, Tracy Smith was rotting away six feet below the ground.

"How can the knife just vanish? " Rachel seethed, throwing a sweater—never worn, the tags still attached—onto the bed. It landed on Calla's left calf, a blanket of soft cashmere.

vanish? Calla kept her eyes glued to her biology textbook, refusing the urge to look at Rachel, who currently stood in her enormous closet, no doubt glaring at a rack of designer labels. Calla couldn't look. If she did, she would see those leather boots. The leather boots. The ones she'd returned the night before the funeral, freshly washed and free of grime—and now sitting in Rachel's closet, perched amongst high heels and strappy sandals. She'd left them spotless, but the damn things tormented her anyway, a silent accusation that followed her throughout the room.

couldn't The "Maybe the killer was running low on steak knives," Calla deadpanned from Rachel's bed.

"Ha-ha. Funny."

"Sorry." Calla rolled over, finally tearing her eyes away from the textbook. An animal. She was supposed to be choosing which animal she wanted to dissect for her biology project with Cooper. Instead, she was stuck here in Rachel's room, listening to her friend rage at the idiocy of small town law enforcement.

As if it was their fault the killer had left behind an immaculate crime scene.

"And of course now I'm days behind in algebra." Rachel abandoned the closet and plopped down on the bed beside her. "I'm doomed."

days "Since when do you do your algebra homework, anyway?" Calla flipped the page and analyzed an infographic on frog dissection.

Frogs? Boring.

"Put that away." Rachel flipped the textbook onto the floor. It landed with a dull thud.

thud. Calla sighed. "Rachel." She rolled over and propped herself up on one hand, using the other to brush back Rachel's thick black hair. "You've got to chill. Call that freshman you know. Matthew? Matt? And tell him you've got twenty bucks and a carton of cigarettes calling his name, all for the quick and easy price of some stupid algebra homework."

Rachel slowly relaxed into the plush comforter. "He's grounded. No cell phone."

"Then find someone in our grade. That brainiac. Tyler?"

"Avoiding me like the plague."

"Why?"

She twirled a strand of her hair around her finger. "He wanted to go to the winter gala with me. Y'know, for helping me out with chemistry."

"I'm assuming 'go to the winter gala with you'," Calla made a point to draw air quotes with her fingers, "means a make out session behind the bleachers?"

"If it was just the make out session, I might have said yes," she admitted.

Calla groaned. "What is wrong with men?"

"Please. We're not dealing with men."

They shared a laugh, the weight of Tracy's death lifting from their shoulders. Rachel looked like she used to, full of laughter. Full of hope.

And then the moment was gone. Rachel settled back into the covers, staring up at the ceiling.

"Tracy would know what to do." She hesitated, as if unwilling to say anything more. Her next words were so quiet, Calla wondered if they were meant for her at all. "I'm already starting to forget what her laugh sounded like."

She didn't know what to say to that. So instead, she said nothing.

"Her laugh, Calla." Rachel turned so that Calla was forced to stare at the back of her head. "It's been a week. And the memories, they...they aren't enough to keep her here."

laugh, Calla picked at a stray thread on her jeans. She had nothing profound to add to the conversation—or at least, nothing that wouldn't sound like a confession.

She decided to keep her response simple. "I'm sorry, Rach."

"Everyone's sorry. So fucking sorry."

fucking A few seconds passed. Rachel's thin shoulders began to shake.

I'm sorry I killed her, Calla wanted to say. I don't know why I did it. I don't even remember doing it.

I'm sorry I killed her, I don't know why I did it. I don't even remember doing it. She waited for a wave of guilt to crash over her, to slam into her with the force of a thousand hurricanes. Or maybe she would feel anger—at herself, for what she'd done, for the awkward, shitty situation she'd put herself in. Surely she could feel that much. Rage was one emotion that came quite easily to her.

But there was nothing. The remorse never came. Even as the urge to apologize, over and over again, lingered.

Calla scooted forward until she was close enough to wrap her arm around Rachel, her face in her hair. She inhaled the smell of strawberry shampoo.

The sobs came harder then, and far uglier. But Calla didn't move. Couldn't move.

They stayed like that for a very long time.





6: Keep Your Friends Close


Cooper stared down at the photograph he'd printed out just this morning.

It's not an obsession, he told himself, running his thumb over the glossy surface. It's a theory.

It's not an obsession, It's a theory. That's what he told himself, anyway. Whether or not snapping pictures of his neighbor digging holes in her backyard classified as an obsession, well...

obsession, He'd cross that bridge when he got to it.

In the photo, Calla squatted at the base of the oak tree in her backyard, her fingers buried deep in mud and filth. Cooper hadn't caught what, exactly, she'd dug up. He had his mom's casserole to thank for that. But he knew it had to be something. And that something probably had insidious implications.

something. Armed with that disturbing knowledge, Cooper pocketed the photograph and stepped out of his rundown '98 Mustang, the door creaking as he slammed it shut. Three cars down, Jessica Sneider shot him a look, as if personally offended by the unappealing sound. Her baby blue Volkswagon was in pristine condition, putting his ride to shame.

He refused to acknowledge her pointed stare. Instead he trekked across the parking lot, head held high.

Until someone slammed into him from behind.

That same person caught him by his shirt before he could eat pavement. Startled, Cooper whirled around—and came face to face with Vincent's smug smile.

"You asshat." Cooper tried and failed to punch his arm. Vincent danced out of reach. "Keep your disgusting stench away from me."

"I showered," Vincent argued, offended.

"Before or after your morning workout?" Cooper asked, skeptical.

Vincent sniffed himself.

"I knew it." Cooper rolled his eyes and kept walking. He knew Vincent would follow. "Lose any brain cells at practice yesterday?"

"I think I felt a couple rattle loose. They'll be missed." Vincent saluted a handful of guys lingering in the parking lot. Gareth, who had his arm slung around Astrid's slim waist, grinned and waved him over. Vincent shook his head and made a maybe later gesture.

maybe later As the duo entered the school, Cooper hesitated, his shoulder on the glass door. Calla stood just inside the threshold, arm-in-arm with Rachel. Tracy's cousin glanced his way; her gaze lingered, a question in her eyes.

Calla followed her gaze. She and Cooper locked eyes.

"Dude," Vincent complained, slinging an arm around Cooper's shoulder and dragging him inside. He steered him away from the girls and down the hall, toward the sophomore lockers. "Enough is enough. Pick an option and run with it."

"What are my options? What are you talking about?" Cooper asked, suspicious.

"Calla Parker. Obviously." Vincent flouished his right hand. "In this hand, you have Option A. You bang her."

"Jesus Christ."

"And then you have Option B." He flourished his left hand, which dangled over Cooper's shoulder. "You kill her and hide the body." He wiggled his fingers and gave Cooper a long look. "You're already a wanted man, so this...I do not recommend."

"Look." Cooper ducked out from under his arm. "I don't know what you're talking about. And I don't want to bang Calla Parker."

"Option B it is," Vincent said happily.

"No. No. " Cooper jabbed in the combination to his locker. "No one is banging anybody."

No. "Really?" 'Cause you keep looking at her like you want to—"



"That look you see?" Cooper interrupted. "That look is fear. Just because I think she's going to tie me to the bed and kill me in my sleep, " he said pointedly, "doesn't mean I'm obsessed with her or want to have sex with her or anything even remotely like that."

fear. kill me in my sleep, Vincent, whose locker was at the other end of the hall, rolled his eyes. "Gimme a sec."

Cooper took his absence as a chance to take a breath and reorient himself. Leave it to Vincent to completely misread the situation.

Cooper had just grabbed his camera and closed his locker when Vincent returned, the look in his eyes measured. Cooper watched him, confused by the sudden change in demeanor.

"Hey," Vincent started, rubbing the back of his neck with his free hand. "Look, man. I don't mean to keep brushing off your thing with Calla. Whatever the hell it is, if she really freaks you out—"

"I'm just being stupid," Cooper interjected, giving a nonchalant shrug of his shoulders.

He wasn't sure where the words came from. For a moment, he wondered if he should take them back, to scream yes, yes she freaks me out! But the longer he stared at Vincent and his friend's skeptical expression, the more convinced he became.

yes, yes she freaks me out! He couldn't tell him about Calla. Couldn't, because he didn't have the words. Couldn't, because it was his burden to bear.

his His secret to keep.

"You sure?" Vincent asked, sounding very unsure himself.

"Positive." His eyes flickered to his watch. "Isn't algebra way over in the east wing, dude?"

Vincent checked the time on a nearby clock. His eyes widened and he cursed, booking it down the hall. He cast a quick wave of thanks over his shoulder and Cooper shook his head.

You're going to be late to class too, moron.

You're going to be late to class too, moron. Cooper contemplated heading back to the library—maybe this time he could ask for the librarian's help in tracking down the Brothers Grimm and their dark fairytales—but then thought better of it. His first class of the day was a gimme with Ms. Beltier in English II, which meant he'd be able to spend his time brainstorming ways to get a hold of the book. That, and he'd also be able to pluck up the courage to confront Calla in biology, a prospect that he dreaded.

If anyone knows what happened that night, it's the root of all evil herself.

If anyone knows what happened that night, it's the root of all evil herself. "So who's next, Daniels?"

Jacob Stein's taunt carried down the hall. And with it came the silence of spectators; a dozen or so heads turned in his direction, awaiting the bloodbath that was sure to follow.

A wave of misery broke over Cooper.

He wanted to tell Jacob off. He wanted to stand up for himself. Most importantly, he wanted to prove his innocence and leave this nightmare in the rearview mirror.

But he couldn't do that. He didn't have any proof.

proof. "You hear me, Daniels? I'm talking to you."

Cooper held his camera to his chest as he watched Jacob draw closer, his stride confidant. A nasty scowl twisted his features into something close to inhuman.

Cooper swallowed, feeling very much like a red cape in a conquistador's arena.

Before he could so much as blink, Jacob shoved him against his own locker; Cooper's grip on the camera tightened, the hard plastic digging into his chest, acting as a barrier between himself and his attacker. He winced.



"You think you're so clever, don't you?" Jacob had absolutely no sense of personal space. He shoved his nose against Cooper's. "And, what? We're all just the idiots playing your little game? You think you can just walk around here — "

— "I didn't kill her!" Cooper snapped. A crowd had begun to gather. Out of the corner of his eye, Cooper thought he saw a flash.

The attention spurred Jacob onward. He slammed his fist into Cooper's stomach, who immediately doubled over.

A mistake.

Jacob placed a well-aimed kick to his mouth, adding insult to literal injury. Cooper dropped to the ground. He licked his lip, tasting blood.

I didn't kill her. I didn't kill her. I didn't—

I didn't kill her. I didn't kill her. I didn't— "And just what's going on here?"

One of the bystanders audibly cursed.

From somewhere above him, Jacob blustered. His steel toed boot still hovered alarmingly close to Cooper's face. "Daniels started it."

"Did he now?"

Cooper knew the voice of his savior well. He uncurled from his spot on the floor and pushed himself to his feet, his face burning from pain and humiliation.

His biology teacher stood a reasonable distance away from the fray. He glared at the other boy. "Tell me, Mr. Stein. I know this act of yours works well on Coach Singer. But do you really think you can pull that nonsense on me?"

Jacob looked less certain of himself. He glanced over at Cooper, hatred in his eyes. "We all know what he did."

"Innocent until proven guilty, Mr. Stein." By now, a few students had vanished, seemingly into thin air. But many others still lingered, unwilling to go to class. "And you are very much at fault for attacking this young man."

Cooper swiped at his lip. The movement caught Mr. Baker's eye, who paused. "Mr. Daniels. Report to the nurse."

"But—"

"Now, Mr. Daniels." His teacher turned back to Jacob, who had lost most of his bravado.

His tone changed, turning desperate. "We have a game this Friday—"

"A game that you will be absent for, I'm afraid. Come with me, Mr. Stein." He glanced around the hall. The freshmen scattered. "Everyone else will be going to class."

else * * * * *

Cooper spent the next hour in the nurse's office, an ice pack to his jaw. His fingertips went numb after the first ten minutes.

After a satisfactory period of time —whatever the hell that meant—the nurse released him. Heart pounding, he turned one corner and then the next, expecting to see an angry face around each one. But the halls were empty.

satisfactory period of time It must be lunch, he realized, sagging with relief. At his locker, he dialed in the combination and pulled out a handful of items from his bag: a turkey sandwich and a bag of chips.

It must be lunch, Rather than face the crowd of the lunchroom, he slid to the floor and braced himself against the lockers. His side ached where Jacob had nailed him with his boot.

He unwrapped his sandwich, trying to ignore the pain. He would deal with that later. He imagined there wasn't much in this world that Tylenol and a good night's sleep couldn't fix.

"You look like shit."

"Gah!" Cooper dropped his sandwich. It rolled off of his lap and hit the floor. Naturally.



Calla Parker looked down at him, her annoying little smile plastered on her annoying little face. How the hell had she snuck up on him? How could anyone move that quietly?

anyone "No photographs, please," she joked, holding out her hand as if to shield her face. "I like my privacy."

He stared up at her, dumbfounded. He and Calla had been bio partners since the start of the semester. Call it a cruel twist of fate. Or maybe some sort of cosmic joke. Whatever it was, Cooper had been forced to interact with her on a weekly basis for the first time since the seventh grade, though interaction felt too strong a word. Once assignments were divvied out, he and Calla usually tackled things with little to no communication.

interaction He doubted they'd said so much as ten words to each other since August.

And yet here she was, staring down at him with a smile on her face that, to anyone else, would look rather... friendly.

friendly. "No photographs," he repeated dumbly, at a loss for words. He didn't know what else there was to say.

Weren't you the one who wanted to talk to her, Coop? So...talk.

Weren't you the one who wanted to talk to her, Coop? So...talk. His tongue felt like it weighed ten pounds.

Calla surprised him again by sitting directly to his left. "Glad that's settled."

He shifted in discomfort. Her shoulder nearly brushed his, setting him on edge.

And that was precisely the problem. She ignited every primal wire in his body, the ones that raised the hair on the back of his neck and nudged his fight or flight response. He couldn't say why. Not in so many words. But he knew.

There was something not quite right about her. Something off.

off. He could see it in her smile. Where most saw a happy, healthy (if hormonal) teenager, he saw an empty space. And maybe that was the problem. Calla Parker was empty —and she was very good at pretending she wasn't.

empty It freaked Cooper out.

"Cat got your tongue?" she asked, her words slow and coated with a layer of sarcasm so thick, he thought she might choke on it.

He wished she would.

Cooper blanched. Memories played out like a film reel in his head. Memories he'd thought he'd buried.

Just like that, he was eight years old again. He could still see the sun sinking beneath the treeline. Could still feel the brush of autumn air on his face. Could still feel the growing panic in his belly as he realized that his cat had not come home for dinner.

He never should have gone over to that old oak tree.

But he had. Of course he had. In his young mind, Mr. Kitty had wandered off and Calla, the good friend that she was, had found him and taken him in.

Bitter irony gripped him. Calla had found the cat. But that had been a very, very bad thing.

had Cooper had been aiming for the front door when something under the oak tree caught his eye. A patch of black fur. Or at least, that's what it had looked like in the low light of the fading sun. He'd gone over to investigate, confident that Mr. Kitty had found a comfortable spot to nap away the day.

Eight-year-old Cooper didn't know what to make of the torn strips of fur. Not at first. But then he'd seen the skin peeled away from Mr. Kitty's lips—

He blinked the memory away. Calla had one eyebrow raised, waiting for his response.

Cat got your tongue?

Cat got your tongue? He looked at her. Really looked at her. She'd wound her vibrant red hair in a messy bun today, though a few strands had fallen away to frame her face. Freckles dotted her nose, her cheeks. But those dark eyes were what captured his attention, so dark Cooper could have mistaken them for black. They looked cold.

Really "I know you killed my cat," he finally whispered.

Way to dive right in, buddy.

Way to dive right in, buddy. She stared back at him. The look in her eyes grew darker. Colder.

"What happened the night that Tracy died?" she asked, taking him completely by surprise.

He fumbled for words. "I...what?"

"What. Happened," she started, more slowly. "The night that Tracy died?"

It was the last question he'd expected from her. He couldn't help but laugh—a wild, deranged laugh. "You're asking me ? I should be asking you what happened."

me you Her eyes narrowed. He felt his heart skip a beat. "You know something. About her murder."

It took immense willpower to ignore the urge to cover his front pocket. He'd been carrying the sheriff's photo around for the last two weeks, afraid that if he left it at home, even for a moment, it would vanish into thin air.

She'll sting you one day...

She'll sting you one day... Cooper clenched his teeth. "Figure it out yourself."

Fury welled in her eyes. For a full second, he feared that she might lunge for his throat, that she might grab it and throttle him, the way she'd probably throttled Tracy before cutting her throat from ear to ear.

But then she smiled at him—a glowing, happy smile—and the fury vanished, leaving him breathless.

"You should really forget about that stupid cat, Coop," she told him, as if they were wrapping up a normal conversation about normal teenage drama. "This obsession...it's really not healthy."

"Murdering people isn't healthy either."

The words were out before he could stop them. His expression mirrored the shock on Calla's face.

And not just shock, but uncertainty . The fingers on her right hand twitched.

uncertainty Cooper had hit a nerve.

Calla broke eye contact. Her attention drifted down the hall.

Cooper swallowed down his nerves. He became painfully aware that he and his neighbor were very much alone.

She looked back at Cooper. He couldn't read her expression. Whatever she'd been feeling moments before had been wiped away in the blink of an eye.

She smiled and his blood turned to ice. "Watch yourself, Cooper."

She left. Cooper waited until she turned the corner. Only then did he dare breathe again.

If he'd had any reservations about her role in Tracy's death before, Cooper felt sure of it now. Something about the look in her eyes. The easy way with which she dismissed him. She'd always been able to send shivers down his spine, but to imagine her committing cold-blooded murder...

He could barely fathom it.

She'll sting you one day. Oh, ever so gently. So you hardly ever feel it.

She'll sting you one day. Oh, ever so gently. So you hardly ever feel it. He stood, gathering his trash with one hand. The other he shoved in his pocket, digging for the polaroid. He felt himself relax as he gripped it, holding onto it like a lifeline.

'Til you fall dead.

'Til you fall dead. Cooper shot one last look down the hall, hoping for—and dreading—Calla's return.

But she was gone.





7: The Friendly Neighborhood...Psychopath?


Cory Michaels was insufferable.

"We should hang out sometime," he told Calla as she dug around in her locker, pretending to look for her notebook.

He pushed his head into her peripheral. "Do you like pizza?"

There's no escape. Calla plastered on a smile. He's relentless.

There's no escape. He's relentless. He and Cooper Daniels were a lot alike in that regard.

"Pizza?" she asked, delaying the inevitable. She would have to give him a straight answer eventually.

Cory and his damn pizza. Cooper and his damn cat.

"Pizza," he agreed, giving her a grin that had doubtless won over many girls before.

Calla withheld a grimace. "About that."

"Don't tell me you've got homework," he complained, leaning in close—close enough to smell the spearmint on his breath. "I am a great tutor, you know."

am She paused, trying not to envision how his breath would smell if she cut his throat. "Rachel needs me, actually. We've got plans."

"So? Cancel."

"Can't," she said with a shrug, closing her locker with a little too much force. "Besides, there's a killer on the loose. It's not safe."

Cory gave her an odd smile. "It's not that serious. My dad's on the case, remember? He'd tell me if there was any real danger."

that Calla screamed internally. How could she have forgotten such a crucial detail?

You idiot. His father's a detective. You should be using him to find out more information, not pushing him away.

You idiot. His father's a detective. You should be using him to find out more information, not pushing him away. She recovered quickly and gave him an apologetic smile. "I did forget, actually. He close to cracking this thing?"

"Well. Close is pretty subjective," he hedged. "But it's all he talks about. He's obsessed."

Close "I'd be worried if he wasn't," she joked. She leaned back against the lockers, which subsequently brought her closer to Cory. Her left arm brushed his chest. "So. You've got the inside scoop, huh?"

He seemed pleased by her response. He shrugged with a nonchalance so forced, she had to bite back a grin. "Obviously."

"C'mon. Tell me something. Anything," she demurred, lay on the charm.

"Well," he said, rubbing the back of his neck. He gave her a questioning look. "I mean, Tracy was your friend, right? I don't wanna freak you out or anything."

"Freak me out? Please." She raised herself up on her tippy toes, bringing their faces barely an inch apart. "I can take it."

At that, Cory's face went hot with color. He laughed and looked away. "You'd have to keep it a secret. My old man would kill me if he knew I was talking about this."

"Pinky promise," she said. To emphasize her point, she grabbed his hand and looped her pinky around his.

He leaned forward conspiratorially, eliminating the space between them. "Alright. So get this." His lips brushed her ear. "The killer left a note."

"A note?" she asked, a little too quickly. She pulled back. "Creepy."

"Totally. Dad has no idea what it means."

Play to his ego, Calla.

Play to his ego, Calla. She gave him an appreciative smile, their pinkies still wrapped together. "Dang. You really do have all the tea."



"Told you." He grinned down at her. "So. About that date..."

"Calla, right?"

They both turned. Vincent Townson slid up to them, his gym bag slung over one shoulder. He glanced at Cory and smiled, holding out his fist.

Cory released his grip on her pinky and the two greeted each other.

"Sorry to interrupt, man," Vincent started, shrugging his massive shoulders. He didn't look very sorry to Calla. Not very sorry at all.

"Nah. No worries." Cory turned to her, a question in his blue eyes. "Talk later?"

"Sure."

Casting her one last, wistful look, he left—only to be immediately accosted by Ryan Kane, who threw an arm around his shoulder. The two disappeared around the next corner.

"Didn't mean to cockblock," Vincent joked. He shoved the hand that wasn't on his bag into his pocket, looking blasé in grey sweatpants and his letterman jacket. How he got away with wearing sweats to school, Calla had no idea. Must be a football privilege.

She smirked, unsure why the star quarterback had decided to grace her with his presence. "Are you kidding? Your timing is impeccable."

Vincent laughed, caught off guard. "Happy to be of service." He paused, examining her in a way that raised the hair on her arms. An unusual reaction. "Calla Parker. I don't think I've had the pleasure."

"Fifth grade. American history," she corrected, straining to remember the handful of interactions they'd shared. He'd let her borrow his cyan crayon. She was almost sure of it.

" Doctor Blake," they finished together, mocking the condescending tone of their middle grade teacher.

Doctor Vincent let out another laugh. "Oh my God. I totally forgot about that class."

"Your brain is probably blocking out the painful memories," she reasoned, and then held out a hand. "Nice to re-meet your acquaintance. I'm sure Cooper's told you nothing but wonderful things about me over the years."

wonderful She was being bold, sure. But who ever won a game of chess by playing it safe?

Vincent grinned. He took her hand and winked at her. "Of course."

He kissed the back of her hand. Simultaneously, the flash of a camera in her peripheral made her tense.

"Sorry!" A skinny kid with oversized glasses and freckles darted down the opposite hall, a camera clutched in both hands.

I know that kid. Calla tried to put a name to the face, but it escaped her.

I know that kid. She looked back at Vincent. He shrugged, equally perplexed. Her eyes zeroed in on his lips. He had nice lips. It would be easy— so easy—to take a knife and cut—

so Stop, she commanded, banishing the image from her mind. Not right now.

Stop, Not right now. "So," she mused, turning to walk in the general direction of her next class. "You need something?"

"Do I need an excuse to talk to a pretty girl?" he asked, never missing a beat.

She shot him a sly smile. "Yes."

"Fair enough." He kept pace with her easily. His bulk kept most of the other students rushing through the hall at bay, clearing an easy path. "I'm here for Coop. Well. More like because of Coop."

because "That so?"

He made a noise in the back of his throat. "You like pushing his buttons, don't you?"



Calla laughed, shrugging. She decided to go for a half-truth. "He makes it way too easy. What, did I hurt his feelings or something?"

"Nah. He's just...he can get a bit wound up sometimes." Vincent fiddled with the bag's strap on his shoulder, contemplating her. "Didn't you guys used to hang out? When we were little, I mean. I'm just trying to understand your..." He held up his hands in a helpless gesture. " Dynamic ."

Dynamic She held her textbook closer to her chest, pretending to be lost in thought. "We did, yeah."

And that was the full truth. Calla chalked their childhood friendship up to chance. Chance and proximity. They'd been neighbors, after all. And without Rachel to play with during that stretch from first to second grade—the teachers had thought it wise to put them in different periods for recess—Cooper had been Calla's go-to.

But then she went and ruined it all. She'd tried. She really had tried to leave that cat alone. But the damn thing had wandered into her yard, taunting her...

She'd never played with Cooper Daniels in that field again.

"I don't really know why Coop and I stopped hanging out. He just...didn't seem interested anymore." She shrugged again, looking up at Vincent. "He had you, I guess."

She put just an ounce of jealousy in her voice, hoping to turn the tide of the conversation. It worked.

"Bros before hoes, I guess?" he suggested, giving her a guilty smile.

His eyes really were a lovely shade of brown. She tried not to envision them floating in a jar on her bookshelf.

were She rolled her eyes. "I suppose I'll forgive you for stealing away my childhood friend."

suppose "Awesome. Only took you, what? Eight years?" He bent down and bumped her shoulder with his.

"It's called growth ," she said, holding a hand to her chest. His eyes followed the movement. "So. You really tracked me down to hear about my tragic falling out with Coop?"

growth "Sorta." He cleared his throat. "For a second there, I thought you and him were, like...a thing." His eyes swept the hall. "But then I saw you with Michaels."

"Wrong on both counts, I'm afraid." She shot him a look. "Why? Did Cooper say—?"

"Nope. No. The exact opposite, in fact." Vincent gave her a bashful grin. "Actually, I think it's Rachel he wants."

Calla withheld a sigh. She wasn't sure how she felt about Cooper pursuing Rachel—if casting her shy glances counted as pursuing. Then again...

pursuing. Keep your friends close, Calla. And your enemies.

Keep your friends close, Calla. And your enemies. "She thinks he's cute," she blurted out, and then held a hand to her mouth, as if she'd said something she shouldn't have. She looked at Vincent, panicked. "Don't tell him I said that."

The way she was stirring this pot, she could give even Jessica Sneider a run for her money.

this "Your secret is safe with me." He puckered his lip to hide a smile. "So. I also take it that you and Michaels aren't an item?"

aren't "What if we were?" she mused, coming to a halt outside of her philosophy class. "What would you say to that?"

Vincent paused with her. This time, he was unable to hide the grin on his face. "Considering the guy looks like he could be on the cover of a boy band...I'd say that's tragic."

Calla laughed, genuinely pleased.

"Did you even give the poor guy your number?" he asked, trying for nonchalance. He pulled it off better than Cory had.



"Are you asking for my number?" Calla raised an eyebrow, unable to hide her smile.

you "Depends." His grin widened. "Are you going to give it to me?"

"Ask nicely."

"Calla Parker," he started, and gave a dramatic flourish of his hand. He bowed, causing her to scoff. "May I humbly ask for your...digits?"

She couldn't help herself; she rolled her eyes and held out her hand. "Gimme."

He looked smug as he pulled out his phone.

"I'm warning you," she cautioned, putting in her information. "Cory Michaels has it out for me. He wouldn't like this little exchange at all."

"Cory Michaels can suck my dick." He took his phone back and gave her a suggestive smile that said, and you can too, if you want.

and you can too, if you want. "I'll keep that in mind." She bit back another smile. "Do me a favor. Next time you see him, tell Coop I don't bite, will you?"

Vincent's eyes lit up. "Can do. Just...go easy on him, will you? He's a nice guy."

She promised she would. He shook his head like he didn't believe her and then turned to saunter down the hall, oozing the easy confidence of a guy who knew his place—and that place was at the top of the social hierarchy.

You're right. Cooper is nice. Vincent turned and winked at her before disappearing into a classroom at the end of the hall; nice was definitely not the word that popped into her head. But do the nice guys ever win?

You're right. Cooper is nice. nice But do the nice guys ever win? The rest of her day went by in a blur of forced laughter. Jessica—who Calla shared both fourth and fifth period with—typically spared Calla the gruesome details of her bi-weekly hookups. But apparently, Calla's bad karma had called in a favor, as the other girl spent the entirety of both classes running her through a painstaking play-by-play of her latest conquest.

and If Calla had to feign enthusiasm over one more player on the boy's varsity basketball team , she would use the knife sitting in her sock drawer to gauge her own eyes out.

, The final bell rang, sparing Jessica from death by strangulation. Jessica bid her farewell as she headed to the gym for cheerleading practice—she'd been insufferable since her promotion to captain, a spotlight that she'd previously shared with Tracy. She now shared it with Rachel, though she did so grudgingly. Calla watched her go, trying to hide her relief.

Taking her time, Calla meandered to the back of the school, her backpack slung over one shoulder. Student athletes passed her on their way to the gym, while the student council—including Rachel and Astrid, who represented the sophomore and junior classes, respectively—met in the library to go over plans for the winter gala.

Calla supposed she'd be forced into going to that horrid dance. Rachel wouldn't take no for an answer.

that She pushed through a throng of freshmen and escaped to the back parking lot, adjacent to the running track where the majority of her teammates had already gathered. Before she could take more than five steps in their direction, she paused. She'd been so caught up in her own thoughts, about Jessica Sneider and Tracy Smith and kitchen knives, that it took a moment to process what she was seeing.

Cooper Daniels was about to get his ass kicked for the second time that day.

He lay curled up on the pavement of the near-vacant lot, trying and failing to protect his face from a boy twice his size. A closer look told Calla that the boy was Jacob Stein.

Cooper—the little shit—wasn't even trying to fight back. But she had to give it to him; he was taking it without so much as a sound.



Calla stood with her bag slung over her shoulder, debating on whether or not to intervene.

Let him suffer, a nasty little part of her whispered. He's a no-good snoop. He sees too much. He knows too much.

Let him suffer, He's a no-good snoop. He sees too much. He knows too much. But he's a buffer. A distraction, a different part of her reasoned. So long as he's a suspect, he's protecting your secret—and he doesn't even know it.

But he's a buffer. A distraction, So long as he's a suspect, he's protecting your secret—and he doesn't even know it. Calla watched as Jacob cracked Cooper's jaw against the pavement and then made a move to straddle him. Three bystanders watched from the tailgate of a pickup truck, impassive.

She watched Cooper take another hit, this time to the eye, and sighed.

"Why am I such a good person?" she asked herself wistfully.

She made a beeline for Cooper. Her eyes swept over the onlookers—one of the boys, Ryan Kane, avoided her eye.

"What are you doing?" she called, drawing closer.

Jacob glanced up at her, eyes narrowed. He had a fistful of Cooper's shirt in one hand, the other braced against the pavement. "Back off."

"Or what?" Calla asked, an edge to her words. She told herself she was here to foster goodwill between her and Cooper—and not to get a rise out of Jacob.

not He rolled his eyes and lifted Cooper's torso off the pavement, like a toddler might a rag doll. "Leave it, bitch."

"Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?"

Jacob swore and shoved Cooper's head into the pavement. He shot to his feet and lumbered toward her, puffing up like a bullfrog. "What's your problem?"

"What's my problem? Christ. I'm not the one who needs anger management."

my Jacob got in her face. From nearby, one of the boys on the truck's tailgate made a noise of protest—Ryan Kane. "Jake! Leave it alone, will you? Let's just head out."

"I can't believe you're defending him," he hissed in her face.

She wrinkled her nose. Had the guy never heard of mouthwash?

"And I can't believe how fragile your masculinity is," she countered, gesturing in Cooper's general direction. "He's, like, half your size. And who the hell dubbed you hall monitor? It's not your job to kick the shit out of people."

Jacob sneered down at her. "He killed her. You know it. I know it. Everyone knows it."

As a matter of fact, I killed her. And I have the knife to prove it.

As a matter of fact, I killed her. And I have the knife to prove it. "For all I know, you killed her," Calla countered, keeping her thoughts to herself. "Come to think of it, I don't remember seeing you at the funeral. Guilty conscience, maybe?"

you His eyes bulged. Behind him, the other boys glanced at each other, weighing the pros and cons of fleeing the scene while their hands were still clean.

"What did you say?" he whispered. "What do you know?"

Odd choice of words.

Odd choice of words. "I said," she began sweetly, "maybe you— "

you— Jacob grabbed her by the front of her pullover. "Shut your mouth."

Calla's knee jerked, catching him in the crotch. He released her immediately.

"Easy!" Before Jacob could react, Ryan rushed over and grabbed him by the back of his letterman jacket and pulled. Hard. Jacob stumbled back. "Dude. Let's go. What are you doing?"

go.

"Whatever," he muttered, but he couldn't hide the fear in his voice. "You're right. Let's go."

He turned and strode away, giving Cooper one last kick as he went. The onlookers scattered as Ryan and Jacob hopped in the truck and sped off.

Calla looked down at Cooper.

He grimaced up at her from his spot on the pavement, still flat on his back.

"Way to fight like a man," she observed.

Cooper groaned as he sat up. His bottom lip was split, and his right eye had already started to turn black and swell shut. "That sucked. Like, massively sucked."

massively Calla tried to restrain herself from saying something callous. She figured the normal thing to do in this situation would be to apologize in an effort to soothe his pain.

She tried it out. "I'm sorry."

"No. You're not."

Well. That hadn't worked.

"You're right. I'm not," She said, though she offered him her hand.

"I hate you," Cooper groaned again. He took her hand anyway. She hauled him to his feet—he was a lot heavier than he looked—and steadied him. They were the same height, which made staring him down much easier.

"You're not very grateful I saved your life," she mused.

"That's because I'm not." He raised a finger. "Do me a favor. Let me die next time."

"Is this a cry for help?"

"A cry? More like a scream." He touched his swollen eye and winced.

Calla shoved her hands in the pockets of her pullover, mulling through her options. She could taunt him further. Or she could leverage this moment as an opportunity.

She thought back to that day he snapped a picture of her outside of the library. He'd seemed on edge. More on edge than normal.

normal. "So," she started, choosing her words carefully. "You want to tell me why you've been hanging around the library?"

She wasn't sure why it mattered. But Cooper knew more than he was letting on. He'd found Tracy's body, after all. He'd seen the crime scene first hand.

The killer left a note, Cory had said. Calla wasn't sure that she could trust the intel. He could have been using her obvious interest as a ploy to gain her favor.

The killer left a note, If anyone could back up his claim, it would be Cooper. But what did Tracy's death and a hypothetical note have to do with the school library?

Cooper clenched his jaw. "You want to tell me why you've been digging holes in your backyard?"

Calla froze.

He knows.

He knows. Kill him.

Kill him. Save yourself.

Save yourself. She fought back the urge to flee—or to fight. Instead, she gave him her best droll stare, feigning indifference.

He smiled and then swore, pressing one hand to his jaw. Uncertainty hovered in his eyes, but also a conviction—a conviction so deep, nothing she could do or say would shake him from his current path.

He knew what she'd done. And he was hell bent on proving it.

"I guess we both have our secrets," she finally said. A cool breeze blew past them, stirring his overgrown curls.

Cooper nodded stiffly. She wondered if it was a trick to annoy her. Perhaps he'd used up all his bravery and no longer had the words.

"Just remember," she added softly, before she could second guess herself. "My secrets are far more dangerous than yours. Don't threaten me, Daniels."

He paled. His Adam's apple bobbed.

She turned to leave, heading for the track.

"Thanks," he called, giving her pause. She turned. "For stepping in."

She stared at him. "Maybe next time I won't."

"I know."

They shared one last look, and then Cooper escaped to his busted convertible, a slight limp to his step. Calla watched him go with dark longing.

What does he know? What makes him so brave?

What does he know? What makes him so brave? Or so stupid?

Or so stupid? Cooper was a puzzle that she couldn't solve. And not only did she want to solve him. She wanted to own him, consume him, until she understood what made him tick, what made him see her for what she was—and what made him keep his silence about that dark secret.

consume It was a very dangerous desire. For both of them.

"Lock your doors, Cooper," she murmured, though he was much too far away to hear her now. She watched as he pulled out of the parking lot. "There's a killer on the loose."





8: Daddy Issues


"Sweetheart, it's for you," Cooper's mom called, peeking her head around the corner of the living room. She gestured toward the front door.

A jolt of fear went through his body. His first and most irrational thought was that Calla had come for him. She'd finally realized he was a liability. A loose end to be tied and then violently cut.

My secrets are far more dangerous than yours.

My secrets are far more dangerous than yours. He shook his head at his mom, who stared back at him quizzically.

Maybe she's like a vampire, he thought, trying not to hyperventilate. She can't cross the threshold unless we let her in.

Maybe she's like a vampire, She can't cross the threshold unless we let her in. "It's Vincent," his mom clarified, her pretty green eyes narrowing in suspicion. "Who did you think it was?"

Relief took the place of his growing panic. He let out a heavy sigh and stood, hurrying past her. "No one. Nothing. I don't know."

He couldn't seem to string more than three coherent words together. His headache felt like it was splitting his skull in two. Courtesy of Jacob Stein, resident asshole.

His mom's incessant questions didn't help. But he wouldn't dare tell her that. Cooper was already on thin ice with her after refusing to say who had left him with a black eye, a split lip, and bruises the size of Texas along his ribcage.

Cooper grimaced when he saw who stood outside their front door. Vincent glared at him, his gym bag in one hand and a stack of DVDs in the other.

The sight of the DVDs gave Cooper hope—a hope that was quickly dashed when Vincent opened his mouth.

"You get your ass kicked by Jacob Stein and I'm the last person in school to hear about it?"

"Language!"

The voice from the kitchen made both boys cringe. Vincent's anger vaporized. "Sorry, Mrs. A."

Cooper's mom gave them the side eye from where she stood in the pantry door, her blonde hair tied back in a low ponytail. She kept any additional commentary to herself.

Cooper looked back at Vincent and shrugged. The movement made a bruise on the side of his arm throb. "You've got a big game coming up next Friday. I'm not about to get you benched."

Vincent frowned at the mention of the rivalry game. "Do you seriously think I care about that? Oh, you just wait 'til I get a hold of that..." His eyes drifted over Cooper's shoulder and into the kitchen. "That... turd . Jacob's a dead man walking."

wait turd Cooper had to fight back laughter. Well over six feet tall, and Vincent had been cowed by a woman whose head barely brushed his chest. "It's really not that serious."

"Really? Have you even bothered to look in the mirror lately?"

Cooper resisted the urge to catch his reflection in the array of entryway mirrors his mom had plastered by the front door. "Are you going to come in or not?"

Vincent ambled inside, still unhappy. "I should really kick his butt, you know."

"Yes." Cooper sighed, closing the door. "But if you swoop in and do the whole prince charming riding in on his white horse act, I'll never recover. Social suicide, man."

"You're already wanted for murder. Could it really get worse?"

My secrets are far more dangerous than yours. Don't threaten me, Daniels.

My secrets are far more dangerous than yours. Don't threaten me, Daniels. Yes. As a matter of fact, it could get worse. Cooper opened his mouth to say so, but he couldn't find the words.

could His mom, on the other hand, had plenty to say on the subject. "We don't use the M word in this household, young man," she chided Vincent, putting a pot of water on the stove.

M

Vincent frowned as he set down his gym bag. "The M word?"

M " Murder ," Cooper whispered loudly. "It's a touchy subject. We're denying my true nature. Haven't you heard? I'm the next Ted Bundy."

Murder "Movie time!" Vincent saved him before his mom could interject with some sharp comment about his not being funny. He held up the movie rentals. "Action. Comedy. Pick your poison."

not being funny. Cooper snatched the middle disk from Vincent's giant hand. He balanced it between his thumb and index finger. "This one."

"Excellent choice."

"You have absolutely no idea which one I picked, do you?"

"Nope." He grinned, his eyes lighting up in the same way they usually did right before he delivered bad news. "By the way. I come bearing good tidings."

Definitely bad news.

"Good tidings?" Cooper followed Vincent into the living room, where he plopped down on the couch, completely at home. "You're lying. You're a lying liar."

"You hungry, honey bees?" his mom asked, shooting them both a look from over the counter.

"Starving." Vincent perked up as she dumped out a box of pasta. "What's good?"

"In this apartment? Everything." She flashed him a grin. "Give me twenty minutes. You boys go ahead and put on that movie."

"What's this about good tidings?" Cooper asked again, shoving the disc into their prehistoric DVD player. He fell on the opposite end of the couch from Vincent, his eyes narrowed with suspicion.

Vincent settled into the cushions. He seemed far too pleased with himself for Cooper's liking. "Calla. And Rachel."

"Calla," Cooper repeated, his blood running cold.

Bad news. Why does it always have to be bad news with you, Vincent?

Bad news. Why does it always have to be bad news with you, Vincent? "And Rachel," Vincent added, grinning at him as if this rectified the whole matter. He lowered his voice. "She thinks you're cute."

"She thinks I'm what ?" He nearly choked on his own spit. He coughed, wincing as his bruises throbbed.

what "Yup," Vincent popped his lip on the p. "Told you. Good news."

p. Cooper rubbed his temples, trying to process what his best friend was telling him.

Rachel Smith thought he was cute? It was more than Cooper had ever hoped for. And yet...

"How do you know?" he asked, his paranoia making itself known.

"Don't freak."

"If you preface something with don't freak, then I should probably freak. What did you do?"

don't freak, Vincent picked at an invisible crumb on his sweatpants. He refused to look at Cooper. "I sort of cornered Calla at school. We got to talking."

"Vincent," Cooper hissed, more angry than he had a right to be.

"You two used to be close," he argued, fighting to keep his voice low. "She's pretty chill, man. And funny. Whatever happened between you guys, it's all water under the bridge to her."

funny. Of course. Cooper had no doubt in his mind that Calla wanted to put the past behind her. Especially if it meant she would get away with murder.



He thought about the picture beneath his bed, of Calla stooped over the oak tree, her fingers tearing at the ground. He still had no idea what she'd been up to, but based on her reaction in the parking lot two days ago, he had a pretty good feeling that it hadn't been anything good.

She certainly wasn't planting a blackberry bush, that's for sure.

He couldn't believe what he was hearing. "You two are best friends now?"

"Well..." Vincent cleared his throat. "I got her number, actually. I was kinda thinking we could do a double date thing. Help break the ice between you and Rachel."

Leave it to Vincent to let a pair of tight jeans sucker him in. Cooper sighed.

"Just give it a chance," he urged, overriding whatever protest Cooper could come up with. "It's Rachel, Coop. I'm trying to do you a solid here."

Rachel, "By sucking face with Calla?" he shot back.

"Honey bees?"

The boys turned toward the kitchen in unison.

Cooper's mom swiped the back of her hand across her forehead, smearing marinara sauce in her left eyebrow. "I left a couple grocery bags in the car. Can you grab them for me?"

Vincent stood immediately, all too happy to oblige. "Of course, Mrs. A."

Cooper clenched his jaw, too irate to manage more than a few words. "Be right back, Mom."

They trooped out of the apartment and down a flight of stairs, hands shoved in their pockets to ward away the cold. Vincent sighed, his breath clouding in the air in front of his face.

"I think I'd take a bullet for your mom," he said, trying to change the subject as nonchalantly as possible. His gaze traveled to the field beyond the parking lot—and beyond that, to the white farmhouse where Calla lived. "No joke."

Cooper popped the trunk of his mom's silver Honda and smiled despite his irritation. "You say that now. You should see her in the morning before she's had her coffee."

Vincent grunted as he helped him gather up the remaining bags from the trunk. "Yeah. Well. Bet she's better than my old man before his morning beer."

Cooper had nothing to say to that. He closed the trunk in silence.

He and Vincent hurried back inside, forgetting their earlier disagreement—at least for the moment. While his mom finished up in the kitchen, they set the table and took turns "sampling" the garlic bread, dodging her playful admonitions. As the sun sank below the horizon and afternoon gave way to evening, his mom lit a candle and the three of them sat around the dining room table, laughing and debating and avoiding all talk of funerals and fights.

Before Cooper's dad died, evenings like these could be tense. His dad hadn't been a drinker. There were no "morning beers" for him. But he'd been something . His mom told him his father had been depressed, and the medication made him volatile. As he got older, Cooper thought he'd just been an asshole strung out on drugs.

something Either way, he left one night to play poker in the city, over in Raleigh—an hour's drive, thanks to Greenwitch's cozy location in the middle of nowhere—and he never came home. And when his mom got the call that he'd never be coming back, courtesy of a drunk driver, a small piece of Cooper broke off and fell away, like a decayed tooth being pulled.

never Seven years old, and Cooper had known a relief so profound he felt it in his very bones.

Vincent had never said it. He'd never so much as hinted at it. But Cooper knew, deep down, that he envied him the loss of his father.



After dinner, Cooper's mom disappeared in her room to get ready for a night shift, leaving the two boys to finish cleaning up the dishes. They did so in silence, Vincent babbling about his latest fantasy team; Cooper heard almost none of it, absorbed with thoughts of Calla and the hidden shoebox under his bed and his best friend's complete and utter idiocy.

"Can we make a pact?"

The words were so unexpected, they jarred Cooper back to the present. He looked up at Vincent, his hands frozen in the stream of water pouring from the kitchen sink. "What?"

Vincent stared straight ahead, gently toweling off a pan. "A pact. I need to tell you something."

"Something else ?" Cooper jerked his hands back when he realized how hot the water was; his skin had turned an angry shade red.

else "It's...probably something I should have told you a while ago." He dropped the towel and held out his hand to Cooper. "Pact?"

Cooper didn't hesitate this time. He shook his hand. "Pact. What's up?"

"What I'm about to tell you doesn't leave the apartment," Vincent warned before releasing Cooper's hand, his eyes tight.

Cooper pursed his lips. "Who would I even tell?"

Vincent put down the pan he'd been drying off. "Okay. Fair point. I guess I'll just say it." He sucked in a deep breath, bracing himself against the counter.

Cooper waited. And waited. Vincent held his breath for so long that his face went red.

Cooper sighed. "Sometime today, maybe?"

"Astrid and I have been seeing each other," he let out in a rush. "It's been...like, four months now? Since the summer."

Astrid. Hearing that name brought to mind a dozen memories, each one involving the beautiful junior class treasurer. She'd never been quick to smile, nor to laugh. But she had an easy way about her, a confidence with which she carried herself. And she was beautiful. Striking, really. Her full lips and curled lashes had left more than one boy weak at the knees—though the only one that had ever been granted the privilege of touching those lips was Gareth. Until now.

Astrid. Striking, A dozen questions warred in his head. But the one that spilled out was: "Then why are you trying to screw Calla Parker?"

Not why are you sleeping with your friend's girl. Not why haven't you told me this until now. Cooper already knew that Vincent wouldn't have a good answer. He rarely thought things like this through.

why are you sleeping with your friend's girl. why haven't you told me this until now. Vincent buried his face in his hands with a groan. "I don't know . Astrid's playing hard to get and I need a distraction."

. "Hard to get?" Cooper interjected. He bit the inside of his cheek. "Uh, Vincent? She has a boyfriend. I think playing hard to get in this case means an attempt at being...I don't know. Faithful?"

boyfriend. "I know, I know," he moaned, rubbing a hand down his face. "She's just hot one minute and cold the next, and I can't keep up." His next words were a mutter. "It's not like Gareth's winning any best boyfriend of the year awards."

best boyfriend of the year He had a point.

"Two wrongs don't make a right," Cooper argued, though there was no malice behind it. No heat.

Vincent swallowed audibly and stared down into the sudsy dish water. "We were supposed to be together by now. Like... together, together. She was going to dump Gareth at the party."

together, But then her boyfriend's side piece was murdered. Yikes.

But then her boyfriend's side piece was murdered. Yikes. Cooper could imagine why Astrid hadn't pulled the trigger on the breakup. It wouldn't exactly look great if she ended things right before the other woman turned up dead.

"I think he knows, Coop." Vincent's murmur was low enough that Cooper had to strain to hear him. "Gareth. I don't know. It's the way he looks at me. Like he suspects, at least. And Stephanie too. She's always hissing in Astrid's ear right before I come around." His eyes flickered back up to Cooper. "That girl loves her gossip. You don't think she'd put me on blast in the school paper, do you?"

The school paper wasn't technically Stephanie's domain as head of the yearbook committee. But the girl knew her secrets, and rumor had it that she'd slept with the class secretary—whose responsibility included running the monthly paper—to ensure no gossip would slip through the cracks.

"Stephanie wouldn't do that," Cooper insisted, though uncertainty nipped at him. "Not without evidence. Have you two been careful?"

"Undercover is my middle name." Vincent went over to the dining room table and shrugged out of his letterman jacket. He draped it over one of the chairs and stretched his arms over his head. "Christ. This whole thing is exhausting. I couldn't keep it in anymore."

"You could have told me sooner. But I get it. I do." Cooper tried to keep his tone light. "So. Astrid Baker, huh?"

"Astrid Baker." Vincent said her name like a curse.

Cooper wasn't sure he felt one way or the other about Astrid. She was the daughter of his favorite teacher, for one. Mr. Baker had a way of making Cooper feel seen, feel heard . Not to mention the fact that the guy had basically saved his life by intervening before Jacob's boot could do any real damage to Cooper's very fragile, very breakable face. As his daughter, Astrid deserved some benefit of the doubt. At least where Cooper was concerned.

heard That, and she didn't make it her personal mission to belittle his existence, like Jessica. But she also hadn't gone out of her way to show him support, as Stephanie had immediately following Tracy's death. All he really knew about the girl was that she'd been dating Gareth since middle school— dating used in the loosest of terms.

dating It didn't really count if your boyfriend constantly found new, inventive ways to sneak around behind your back.

He could see how she might be drawn to Vincent, especially if she'd finally caught wind of Gareth's favorite pastime. Toying with one of Gareth's closest friends made for an ugly revenge scheme, though.

"Does this mean we don't have to go on a double date with Calla Parker?" Cooper asked hopefully, trying to close the door on their earlier conversation once and for all.

Vincent shook his head. "Nope. Still need a rebound."

"Jessica Sneider."

"Too easy."

"Venus Upton."

"She makes Jessica look chaste."

He's not gonna let this Calla thing go.

He's not gonna let this Calla thing go. "Alright." Cooper shut off the water and dried off his hands, his eyes straying down the hall that led to his bedroom. He had plenty of secrets—he couldn't exactly fault his friend for having a few of his own. "If that's how you want to play this, then I guess I'm with you."

Vincent shoved his hands in his pockets and rocked back and forth, uncertain. "Seriously? No judgement?"

"Oh. There's judgement." Cooper rolled his eyes. "But you're going to do what you want either way. I might as well enjoy the ride."

Even if it kills me.

Even if it kills me.





9: Only the Good Die Young


Calla thought she'd rather face a thousand murder trials than go on one date with Cory Michaels.

She appraised herself in the mirror, eyes speculative. Frost edged the corner of her window, and yet Rachel had still insisted that she wear ripped jeans.

"Turn around," she complained, peering at Calla through the phone.

Calla sighed and did as commanded, letting Rachel get a good view of her ass.

"It looks fantastic," her friend confirmed with a smug smile. She was close to yelling, straining to be heard over the crowd of people nearby. "You'd look better in the cream sweater."

"It's cold out," Calla insisted, pulling at the green turtleneck at her throat. She opened her sock drawer and changed the subject. She'd heard the show a little skin mantra one too many times. "How was the game?"

show a little skin "We won!" Rachel crowed. One of the Richardson brothers leaned over to stick his tongue into the frame. Rachel laughed, the bright lights of the stadium growing dim as she walked into the parking lot, following the crowd. "You should come to the after party. Bring Cory!"

Calla tried to hide her surprise, her free hand buried wrist-deep in a pile of socks. Her fingertips brushed something cold and hard. "You're going to a party?"

"Hello?" Rachel brought the phone so close to her face, Calla could only make out shadows. "It's tradition. "

tradition. Tradition. Greenwitch seemed to have a great many traditions—each one boozier than the last.

"Seriously, Cal." Rachel pulled the phone back to show off a pout. "Please come."

Calla should have been leaping for joy. She'd grown tired of Rachel's mourning. Surely a party meant that her friend was finally on the mend?

She hesitated and sat on the edge of her bed, the knife she'd stowed away safely in hand. She took care to hold it out of Rachel's line of sight. "I promised Cory a date."

"At the movies? Puh-lease. Lame." Rachel smirked. "He can be your date to the party. Problem solved."

date "Problem solved," Calla murmured, checking an incoming text. Cory, letting her know that he was running late. "I don't know, Rach."

She tilted the knife one way and then the other, watching the light glint off its razor sharp edges. Her educated guess had been correct; the bone white handle matched the set from the Smith's kitchen. It wasn't often that she and Rachel went to her cousin's, but they'd done so on occasion, running around its endless corridors as children and then, when they were older, hiding in the upstairs rooms to pregame a dance or one of the Smith's infamous holiday bashes. Calla had actually been there the day that Raymond Smith opened this particular set of cutlery. She remembered admiring the array of deadly weapons over his shoulder, standing at a safe enough distance so that he wouldn't notice her.

Funny. Most wouldn't consider a set of kitchen knives to be weapons. They were meant for slicing into apples and chicken filets. Not human throats.

weapons. Rachel glanced over her shoulder while Calla admired the knife off-screen. When she turned back around, she looked troubled. "Look. I don't want to be alone with Jess and Steph, alright? I need you. And I know you don't like Cory that much. You've been blowing him off since freshman year."

that Things change, she almost said. He has information. And information makes him valuable. Maybe even attractive.

Things change, He has information. And information makes him valuable. Maybe even attractive. That had been all the motivation Calla needed to say yes to Cory's relentless attempts to get her out of the house and into his car.



She took a peek at the time. Ten more minutes until the hour of her doom.

It doesn't have to be this painful, Calla. Take him to the party. Get your answers. And then get out.

It doesn't have to be this painful, Calla. Take him to the party. Get your answers. And then get out. Cornering Cory in a room filled with her peers certainly sounded more appealing than trying to dodge his hands in a dark movie theater. Perhaps booze would loosen his tongue.

She would just have to be careful, lest she lose her memory and wake up with the blood of another classmate on her hands.

"I think I can convince him," she finally told Rachel. "For you, I'll try."

Rachel squealed. "I love you!"

From somewhere off-screen, a Richardson brother mimicked her high pitched scream.

"Shut up!" Rachel stuck out her tongue to someone over her shoulder. "Text me, Cal?"

"Wait. Where's the party?" Calla lowered her voice, knowing too well that her mother wouldn't approve of her change of plans.

"Trevor's place." She waved at the camera. "Bye!"

"Bye," Calla murmured as the screen went black.

She sighed and threw her phone on the bed. She ran a finger along the length of the knife's edge, careful not to prick her finger. The sensation caused a rash of goosebumps to crawl down her arms. She shuddered and, in a few swift movements, tucked the knife back into the bottom of the sock drawer.

Buzzing with adrenaline, Calla grabbed her things and walked into the living room, searching for her mother. She found her curled up on the couch, a blanket draped over her legs and some terribly outdated rom-com playing on their widescreen.

She looked up when Calla perched on the edge of the couch. "You look pretty."

"Thanks." Calla picked at her wallet, impatient to get the night over with.

Her mother peered at her. "Who is this boy again?"

Spare me.

Spare me. "Cory Michaels. His dad's a detective," she added, hoping to avoid her mother's game of twenty questions. "He's on Tracy's case, actually."

"And what's the plan for the night?"

Rosalind would not be deterred. Calla gritted her teeth but answered with a shrug, trying to look casual. "Midnight movie premiere."

Her mother returned her attention back to the TV. "So I can expect you home around two?"

"I guess."

A knock on the door startled them both. Calla leaned over to give her mother the usual obligatory hug before rushing to the front door.

"Be careful!" her mother called, a note of exasperation in her voice.

"Alright!" Calla opened the door and found Cory standing in a pool of light, a bouquet of flowers in hand.

He gave her a guilty grin, showing off his dimples. "Do the flowers make up for being late?"

"That depends." She stepped outside and gave him a guilty smile of her own. "Are you the spontaneous type?"

He raised an eyebrow and leaned against the doorframe, twirling the flowers with practiced nonchalance. "Spontaneity is my specialty."



She quietly assessed him. In dark wash jeans and a navy blue button down that perfectly complemented his eyes, Cory could be considered classically handsome. The dimpled smile. The tousled, sandy hair.

Definitely boy band material. Vincent's assessment had been spot-on.

He smirked at her. Calla realized she'd been staring.

"Do you want to go to the party?" she blurted out.

"Party?" He stopped spinning the flowers and gave her an uncertain look. "At Trevor's?"

Calla closed the door behind her and began walking to his car, forcing him to follow. "Yeah. Figured we could have a drink. Talk." She fidgeted with her ponytail, as if fighting back nerves. "Maybe get comfortable."

Cory paused with his hand on the handle to the passenger door. His eyes slid to hers at the words get comfortable . "I could use a drink."

get comfortable And a spare bedroom, no doubt.

And a spare bedroom, no doubt. He opened the door and she crawled inside, accepting the bouquet of flowers as she did so. He slid into the driver's seat and began rolling up his sleeves. "I'm a little dressed up for a party."

"Same here." She leaned over and undid a second button on his shirt, exposing his collarbone. He froze under her touch. She smiled at him. "There. Perfect."

He flushed and quickly turned on the air to hide his nerves. "Thanks."

Calla pretended not to notice his inquiring glances as he backed out of the driveway—anything to avoid more interaction with him than strictly necessary. She had no real reason to dislike Cory Michaels. His persistence was certainly admirable; she might have been flattered had she not been so obsessed with the idea of collecting his eyes in a jar. Or perhaps his fingers?

Eyes, she decided, staring at his profile. Definitely the eyes. Windows to the soul, and all that.

Eyes, Definitely the eyes. Windows to the soul, and all that. "Favorite animal." His words shattered the mounting silence between them.

She shot him a questioning look. "What?"

"Favorite animal," he said again. "Go."

She hesitated. To tell the truth, or to lie? "I'm not much of an animal person. Allergic."

A truth and a lie. Innovative.

and "C'mon. Not even cats?" he hedged, assuming her dislike stemmed from the hot, disgusting breath of canines.

She sniffed the flowers to hide a smirk. "Definitely not cats."

"You don't like cats ? " Cory protested in mock-horror.

? "Nope." Calla raised an eyebrow at him, daring him to judge her.

He did. "C'mon. Cats are awesome." His eyes narrowed, the glow from the dashboard casting odd shadows across his skin. "Do you like dogs?"

"Not really."

"Liar."

"They're loud and they smell." She smiled. "I'm guessing you like animals?"

like "We have two cats at home. And a dog. And a guinea pig."

"A guinea pig? Who has a guinea pig over the age of thirteen?"

Cory pursed his lips, defiant. "Don't judge Arnold before you meet him."

"Arnold. Arnold the guinea pig." Calla couldn't believe what she was hearing.

Cory's phone buzzed before he could defend himself, rattling the spare coins in the center console. Calla glanced down and raised an eyebrow at his incoming text.



"Tom Sahein?" she asked, keeping her tone light.

"Yeah." He sighed and pressed a button on his phone, forcing the screen to go dark. "Kid's a menace. Stephanie should really pat herself on the back for that one. Her little protégé ."

protégé Tom Sahein. The name triggered a memory of a boy with oversized glasses and a face full of freckles, a camera in hand. Finally putting a name to the face relieved an itch she hadn't been able to scratch in days. "He's a freshman, isn't he?"

"And a major pain in my ass." Cory took the next right, careening down the winding side road that would spit them out on the other side of town. "He's putting together some 'baseball exclusive' on the new coach."

As a varsity player on the team, it made sense that Tom would be gunning for Cory to get that exclusive , if a snippet on some small town baseball coach could be called such a thing. Yet something about it, about that name— Tom Sahein —nagged at her. She'd seen him roaming the halls. And she'd definitely caught him snapping a picture that day at school. But she felt like he'd been wrapped up in something else before. Something more memorable.

, Tom Sahein Stephanie's little protégé, eh?

Stephanie's little protégé, eh? "Isn't a baseball exclusive pretty tame?" Calla asked, turning so that she faced Cory. "I mean, I know Steph's style. She's more into the rumor mill than the Greenwitch High: Sports Edition vibe."

Cory squirmed under her stare. "Yeah. Well." He finally shot her a sly look. "He's very aware of who my dad is. Considering he interrogated him the night of the party."

Calla couldn't hide her disbelief. "Tom got brought in for questioning?"

"A few kids did," Cory admitted. "Not sure why Daniels was the only one who got heat for it. I guess the whole finding a dead body will do that to a guy's reputation."

finding a dead body "Huh." Calla sat back, absorbing the insider information. "I guess I get it. I'm assuming Tom had his camera on him that night?"

"We have a winner." He shot her a wink. "They confiscated it. Just for the weekend. Not like they found anything, but the little dude still got pissed." He paused. "This is all hypothetically speaking, of course."

"Of course," she agreed. "As long as we're speaking hypothetically...you said a few kids got brought in."

few She batted her eyes at him. He shook his head and laughed.

"That's not fair." He sighed and gave in. "It's not really a secret. I wouldn't be surprised if it got out one way or the other, but...Ryan and Steph were brought in, too. My dad talked to Ryan." He rolled his eyes. "He's always going on and on about what a good kid that guy is. Mislead, " he said in a deep voice that was doubtless meant to impersonate Gerald Michaels, "but good."

really Mislead, Calla laughed for his benefit. Best to keep the conversation light. As if she weren't storing the information away, carefully cataloguing each new piece of evidence as one might catalogue their insurance papers. "I didn't realize we were going out for tea tonight. You should have warned me."

tea He groaned. "Shit. I've said too much, haven't I?"

"I can keep a secret," she assured him. His free hand rested on the gearshift. She grabbed it and squeezed his fingers.

His phone buzzed for a second time. And then a third.

"Damn it, Tom." Cory's jaw tightened. He ignored the phone entirely this time.

"You think he's digging for information," Calla confirmed. She still held onto the bouquet of flowers with her free hand. She stroked the petals, lost in thought.



"I know he's digging for information." He smiled, staring out at the road. "Like someone else I know."

know He's not as dense as he looks.

He's not as dense as he looks. Calla sniffed, trying to play off the accusation. "I'm offended."

"No, you're not." He grinned over at her, flashing his dimples. "'Sides...I kinda like it."

She raised another eyebrow, her frustration at being called out dissipating. "Oh?"

"If it means I get to hang out with a pretty girl...I'll take it." He pulled her hand up to his lips and kissed her fingers, his eyes lingering on her face. "You're going to have to work for it, though."

"Oh," she repeated, smiling this time. "Am I?"

"It's no small thing, sharing secrets." He returned her hand back to her thigh and focused on the road. "And illegal. So...yeah." He smiled to himself. "You have your work cut out for you."

"You know more about the note the killer left than you're letting on, don't you?" she asked. She'd already been caught mid-roll. The game board was set.

Time to throw a wild card.

"Yup." He laughed and left it at that. Calla narrowed her eyes and held back from reaching across the seat to throttle him.

It was close to eleven by the time they arrived at Trevor's. Cory parked his car at the end of the dark street, the sidewalk dimly illuminated by flickering streetlamps. Trevor's house sat at the corner of a fairly quiet neighborhood; two smaller, single-story homes were nestled on either side, separated by a tall wooden fence installed for privacy. Their windows were dark, though based on the volume of the music blaring from inside Trevor's house, they wouldn't be for long.

"I give it an hour 'til the cops shut it down," Cory commented as they approached.

"I give it less," Calla countered. "Then again, I guess I shouldn't bet against the detective's son, should I?"

The two-story house was by no means the elaborate abode typical of the Smith family, but it was large enough to host an after party. The front lawn featured a concrete path and two beer pong tables positioned on either side of it, both occupied by faces Calla couldn't quite pinpoint through the darkness. A magnolia tree sheltered the right side of the house, and more indistinct figures hovered under its branches, the soft light of burning cigarettes and half-smoked blunts evident even at a distance.

In one of the upstairs windows, someone pulled the blinds shut, blocking out the onlookers below. A group of guys cheered and raised their red solo cups in salute.

"Drinks?" Cory asked, giving her a questioning look.

"Drinks." Calla led the way, grabbing Cory's hand as she marched up the concrete path and to the front door. He squeezed her fingers, reveling in the public display of affection.

"Calla!"

They'd barely walked through the door when a blur of green and black assaulted her, throwing a pair of thin arms around her neck and effectively breaking her hold on Cory's hand. Calla laughed as she embraced Rachel, who smelled faintly of tequila.

Rachel leaned back and grinned at Calla. "You came!"

"Huzzah." Calla glanced over at Cory and rolled her eyes. He grinned and made a motion to the kitchen before vanishing into the crowd.

"How's it going?" Rachel breathed, her arms still around Calla's neck. "Has he tried to kiss you? Did you let him? Have you—"

"Had a chance to breathe? Not yet." Calla pinched Rachel's side.



"Ouch!" She danced away. "Fine!"

"He's getting us drinks," Calla clarified, hoping that the small detail would placate Rachel's thirst for a play-by-play. "And he kissed the back of my hand, if that counts."

"Amazing." Rachel grabbed her hand and started pulling her to what she could only assume was a bathroom down the hall. "By the way, you have some explaining to do, missy."

Not bothering to knock, Rachel ripped open the last door at the end of the hall. Five pairs of eyes shot their way. One of them belonged to a long-haired senior, a rolled up five dollar bill in one hand, the other braced against the counter beside a line of white powder.

"Whoops!" Rachel closed the door. She and Calla stared at each other.

And then they laughed.

"O-o-kay," Rachel dragged out the word, stifling another laugh. She tugged Calla in the opposite direction, back toward the living room, where they hovered on the edge of the crowd.

"You're not gonna ask me to explain the blow in the bathroom, are you?" Calla teased, still stunned at the scene they'd walked in on.

"Absolutely not." Rachel glanced away, a nervous tic that Calla knew well. A red flag immediately went off in her head, but she kept her silence. Rachel had always been an advocate of the party crowd. It wouldn't surprise Calla in the least if something harder than the liquor in the kitchen cabinet had caught her friend's eye at a party like this.

"Besides," Rachel continued, a dangerous smile curling her lips. She leaned in to whisper in her ear. " You're the one who's keeping secrets."

You're Calla clenched her teeth. She resisted the urge to react in any other way.

What does she know? What does she suspect? What—

What does she know? What does she suspect? What— "Vincent Townson," Rachel purred, squeezing Calla's upper arm with enough force to hurt. "Why the hell didn't you tell me about Vincent?"

"Tell you what about Vincent?" Calla asked, genuinely floored. She couldn't help but smile as relief flooded every inch of her body.

what She hadn't been caught. Not yet.

"Stephanie told me—"

"There you are!"

They both looked up as Stephanie appeared out of thin air, out of breath from fighting her way through the crowd. She handed Rachel a clear cup filled with OJ and...yeah. That was the tequila Calla had caught a whiff of earlier.

"Where did you go?" Rachel demanded, tucking her hair behind her ear. Another nervous tic of hers.

Calla wanted to snap a finger under her nose to get her attention, but she decided to let the matter go. Whatever it was that Vincent Townson had done, she would have to find out later.

"To find Jess," Stephanie said, looking put-out.

Calla crossed her arms. "What'd she do now?"

"You know how Jess is," Stephanie started, sounding unsure of herself. She fiddled with the plaid pullover that she'd tied around her waist to expose her arms—and the low cut of the camisole she wore. "She gets in these moods when she drinks."

"Steph," Calla explained patiently, "Jess is a mood. Always. Forever. She's a bitch. We all know this."

is Both Rachel and Stephanie laughed. The other girl immediately perked up, though her eyes still strayed back across the room, toward the kitchen.

Calla followed her gaze. She immediately spotted Jessica and Astrid in the kitchen, the two girls sitting side by side on the island. Jessica had her mouth to Astrid's ear, her sheet of blonde hair pulled back into a high ponytail. And Astrid had her eyes on Calla.

Cory stepped into her line of vision, his eyes trailing down to her waist. He deftly side-stepped a stumbling senior and inserted himself between Calla and Stephanie, who gave him a friendly smile.

"Got your drink." He offered her a red solo cup.

She sniffed it experimentally. "Alright, bartender. Let's see what you've got."

Rachel and Stephanie resumed their conversation in lower tones, a worried frown drawing down the corner of Rachel's mouth. It took all of Calla's willpower to focus on the words Cory leaned down to whisper into her ear.

"Still trying to get comfortable tonight?"

I simply do not have time for this.

I simply do not have time for this. Calla turned to tell him as much—bringing their lips a mere inch apart—when something shifted. She couldn't say what it was. Not immediately. But she could feel it, a disturbance that rippled across the room and changed the atmosphere, turning loud, drunken laughter into low whispers of terror.

feel Both she and Cory glanced around the room, along with everyone else who didn't have their eyes glued to their phone. On her other side, Rachel grabbed her upper arm and squeezed.

"Calla," she whispered, her brown eyes wide with horror. "Calla, it's Jacob Stein."

"What about Jacob Stein?" She pulled out her phone to hunt for whatever the hell everyone was looking at, but Rachel's next words stopped her in her tracks.

"He's dead."





10: Two Truths and a Lie


I didn't do it.

I didn't do it. Cooper stared at the ceiling, lying awake in bed with his hands stuffed in the front pocket of his hoodie. His room was dark. The clock on his nightstand read 1:07 in the morning.

But Cooper couldn't sleep.

He'd read Calla's text a hundred times over the last hour—a thousand times. Her words taunted him, daring him to believe her. Or else daring him to pick up the phone and call the sheriff's office and tell them everything in a guilt-ridden rush.

thousand I didn't do it.

I didn't do it. Cooper closed his eyes. The back of his throat burned, the taste of bile still stuck on his tongue. He'd taken up his mom's offer to polish off the last piece of pecan pie after dinner—a decision he regretted now, his stomach twisted in knots.

Desperate for a distraction, he turned on his side and scrolled through social media. Already his classmates had flooded his feed with status updates. Cooper grimaced as he read through the heartfelt well-wishes. And then he froze when he saw something worse. Something much, much worse.

There, buried in the comments of a Facebook post, was a picture of Jacob Stein's dead body. The image looked eerily similar to the scene Cooper had stumbled upon that night at the Halloween party. Jacob had been left for dead, propped up against a brick wall that Cooper couldn't immediately identify. His eyes were open. His throat, crushed—and then slashed.

How that picture had gotten online, Cooper couldn't be sure. But the image had already circulated, passing through social media and group texts like wildfire. No one wanted to see it. Everyone wanted to see it.

A horrible, morbid fascination had gripped Greenwitch.

This is my fault. Cooper put his phone down on the bed, trying to reign in a wave of nausea. I should have told the sheriff about Calla. I should have at least tried.

This is my fault. I should have told the sheriff about Calla. I should have at least tried. He stared into the semidarkness of his room, the light of his phone faintly illuminating the space. He could make out the dark shapes of posters on his wall, see the glow of a streetlamp peeking through the blinds. The apartment sat still, like a great beast holding its breath, waiting for Cooper to make his decision.

His mom. He should tell his mom. She could talk to Sheriff Marks, who'd looked after them like his own flesh and blood after Cooper's dad died. He would listen. He would have to listen.

have But that wasn't true. No one had to listen to some high school kid with a known streak of paranoia and a case of obsessive compulsive disorder. And why should they hear him out? Calla had been an honor student since middle school, rarely missing class and running with the incrowd. She was best friends with Tracy's cousin, for crying out loud.

What motivation could she possibly have?

Cooper lurched out of bed. He suddenly couldn't stand to lie still. Alone, in this room, staring into the darkness—his thoughts would drown him.

Ignoring the urge to pull out the shoebox from under his bed, Cooper instead went to his dresser. He fumbled for a matching pair of socks and then shoved on his tennis shoes, his heart racing.

You're making a mistake. This is how you die.

You're making a mistake. This is how you die. At least he wouldn't have to live with his guilt any longer.

Cooper grabbed his phone and then crept out of his room, taking care to close the door softly behind him. His mom slept like the dead, but he couldn't risk waking her. She'd be mortified to find her son sneaking out of the house. Especially with his classmates dropping like flies.



"Stupid. This is so stupid," he mouthed to himself as he slipped out of the front door and into the freezing air. He shuddered as he jammed his hands into the pockets of his sweatpants. At the top of the second floor landing, he hesitated, his eyes roaming to the bottom of the stairs and out to the field beyond.

Turn back.

Turn back. He didn't. Instead, he hurried down the stairs and ran before common sense could bite him in the ass. Tall grass brushed his knees as he waded across the field that separated his apartment from the white farmhouse just down the road, his eyes locked on her window.

There were no lights on. No doubt she slept soundly, filled with an inner peace that eluded him.

Wakey, wakey, you murderous bitch.

Wakey, wakey, you murderous bitch. Cooper stopped just outside her window, which required him to lean over a hedge that jabbed into the soft flesh of his thigh. He ignored the discomfort and, before he could change his mind, he rapped on Calla's window. Once. Twice.

Three times.

Cooper nearly jumped out of his skin as the curtains ripped back, revealing a slim figure dressed in an oversized t-shirt. Her face indistinguishable in the dark, he watched, terrified, as she unlocked and opened the window, leaving only a thin screen separating the two of them.

Calla peered down at him, annoyed.

"What?" she hissed.

Cooper couldn't feel the twigs digging into his thigh, or the cold biting at his ears. He couldn't feel much at all when he said, "I didn't do it?"

She gave him a droll stare. "Well. I didn't."

"Care to elaborate?" he asked, his hands balling into fists. He kept them firmly in his pockets, afraid of what he might do if he didn't.

"Did you want me to give you a full confessional over text?" Calla's eyes narrowed. "I know all about your half-baked theories. And I really didn't want to risk you running your mouth to someone you shouldn't."

"I want to hear you say it."

"Christ." She startled him for a second time when she leaned forward, her nose almost touching the screen between them. "I didn't kill Jacob Stein. Happy?"

"You lie," he whispered. "You lie every day. To everyone. About everything. I see you. What you do and what you say. It's not..." He paused, fumbling for the right words. "It's not right. It's not natural."

see Calla watched him closely. Too closely. Eventually he had to look down, analyzing the leaves of the bush he was currently shoved against.

"I was at a party," she said, her voice startlingly loud in the quiet.

He glanced back up at her, stunned. "You..."

"Trevor Miles. He always throws this huge thing after the rivalry game. I went."

He didn't want to believe her. He couldn't believe her. But there would be witnesses at a party like that. Why would she lie, when a lie could so easily be her undoing?

couldn't "Cory picked me up right after ten," she went on, a smug smile transforming her face into something almost angelic. "I was with my mother all day after school. You can ask her. Or you can ask the clinic. She got her shift covered to spend time with me. We watched the Notebook."

The look on her face told him that she hadn't enjoyed the experience.

"You're innocent," he repeated, numb. He barely registered the cold bite of wind as it blew past him, ruffling his hair.

"I'm innocent." She let that statement hang in the space between them.

A gust of cold air blew into his back. He shuddered.

"Go home, Cooper." Calla went to close the window, face expressionless.

" Wait. " He put his hand against the screen, as if that could keep her from shutting him out. "Can you say the same for Tracy's murder?"

Wait. She said nothing. Those empty eyes watched him, hard as black diamonds.

"I saw someone that night. On the staircase." He paused. "Was that you?"

Her hand tightened on the edge of the windowsill. Silence pressed in on the space between them, suffocating. Deafening.

He'd gotten his answer.

"I don't know."

Her words shattered the silence—and his sense of grim victory. He opened his mouth and then closed it again, at a loss.

Calla didn't bother to elaborate. They stood like that for a few seconds more, staring at one another in resolute silence. Too proud to break it. Or perhaps too afraid.

My secrets are far more dangerous than yours.

My secrets are far more dangerous than yours. He turned to leave—to run for cover—when a thought stopped him in his tracks.

"If you didn't kill Jacob..." he trailed off, afraid of the answer.

"Then someone else killed our classmate," Calla finished for him.

Someone else. That thought disturbed Cooper more than it should have. Had he been so wrapped up in Calla that he hadn't spotted the sociopath lurking in her wake?

Someone else. Her choice of words still left him stumped. "Wait. Classmate, singular? Are you saying—"

Classmate, "Cooper." Calla pinned him with a scathing look. "Let's look at the bigger picture here. Can we do that? Jacob is dead. Someone killed him. And it wasn't me . " She braced herself against the screen. It creaked, precariously close to its breaking point. "You were so sure it had to be me. I'm the bad guy, right? I get it. The cat thing was traumatizing."

dead. . "The cat thing," he deadpanned. "Traumatizing."

"But," she continued, ignoring his interruption. "Did you ever stop to consider what it meant if I wasn't the one holding the knife?"

"I don't care," he snapped back, too loudly. He glared at her and she leaned back, surprised. "You started this. You're involved. I know you're involved. And now someone else is dead."

know He pushed away from the window and turned on his heel, running away from her house—from the very mouth of hell itself. She didn't call out to him. And for that, he felt relief.

But even as he took the stairs back to his apartment two at a time, as he kicked off his shoes and crawled back into bed, he couldn't shake the thought of her. Her words followed him into his nightmares, leaving him bone cold.

Did you ever stop to consider what it meant if I wasn't the one holding the knife?

Did you ever stop to consider what it meant if I wasn't the one holding the knife? He closed his eyes and thought of red hair and eyes so dark they were like two black holes, sucking him and everyone else down, down below, into her realm of darkness.

Watch yourself, Cooper.

Watch yourself, Cooper. He could see her cold smile. Feel her fake laughter flash across his skin.

Calla, he thought, the ringing in his ears reaching a crescendo as sleep finally took him.

Calla, Calla Parker.

Calla Parker.





11: Breakfast at Tiffany's


"Hello? Are you listening?"

No. Calla glanced over at Rachel, who'd forced her into a car at the crack of dawn—nine-thirty in the morning, to be exact—and dragged her to the Greenwitch Diner, where they now sat in an overlarge booth side by side. She stopped fussing with her straw to give Calla a narrow-eyed glare that could only mean one thing.

No. She'd been talking about boys. And Calla hadn't heard a single word of it.

" Any way." She continued, bending the tip of the straw, keeping her voice low out of respect for the other patrons. The atmosphere of the diner felt somber. Quiet. "I want to ask Cooper to the winter gala."

Any Calla immediately gave Rachel her full attention. "Cooper Daniels?"

His name sent a spark of fury burning through her chest. His unexpected visit to her window last night had left her tossing and turning, wondering what his next move would be.

Wondering if he would finally muster the courage to tell someone about her.

I could kill him, she mused. That would ensure his silence. But it would be messy. Very messy.

I could kill him, That would ensure his silence. But it would be messy. Very messy. Especially if her best friend wanted to take him to the upcoming dance.

"Why Cooper?" Calla asked, forcing an expression of polite interest.

Rachel sighed as she readjusted the sleeves of her oversized sweater. "Because he's nice. And helpful. And..." She put a hand to her cheek to hide a blush. "Cute."

"Cute," Calla repeated, trying to reconcile the Cooper in her head—clumsy, annoying Cooper Daniels—to the Cooper Rachel remembered from the night of the Halloween party. "Why are we talking about Cooper, Rach?"

"The dance is only two weeks away," she explained slowly. "It's only logical to start thinking about who we need to take."

"Rach," Calla tried again, causing her friend to bend her straw with enough force to break the plastic. "Are we going to talk about it?"

"Talk about what?" she snapped, causing an older couple off to their right to stare.

Calla reached over and took the straw from Rachel's meek fingers. "Jacob Stein is dead."

"You think I don't know that?"

"Tracy's dead. We aren't here to talk about some stupid dance or some stupid boy, Rach."

"Stop." Rachel buried her hands in her hair, fingers digging into her scalp. "Just stop . I can't think about him, Calla. I can't think about her. Not here."

. her. "Then what are we—"

"I feel like...like I'm drowning," Rachel whispered, turning her head so that Calla couldn't see the expression in her eyes. "Every day. And every night. When I'm alone. When I'm at a party, surrounded by half the school. I'm always drowning. Even on the good days. I don't even know if there are good days. I just know I can't survive like this."

are She paused when the waitress came over to take their drink order. Rachel said nothing; she stared at the table, her hair a dark curtain blocking her from the rest of the world. Calla ordered for them both: a latte and an orange juice. The waitress gave them a cursory glance before she left.

"So yeah," Rachel said, her voice breaking as she turned back to Calla, though her eyes were dry. "I kind of want to talk about some stupid dance and some stupid boy. Because if I don't, I'll think about her. And when I think about her..." She took a deep breath and raked her fingers through her hair, still stiff with hairspray from the night before. "I dream about her every night. Except for last night. Do you know what I dreamed about last night, Cal?"



I should really charge by the hour, she thought. She leaned her elbows against the table, exhausted. "Rach—"

I should really charge by the hour, "I dreamed about Jacob," she confirmed. "I didn't even know I cared about that asshole. I don't. I really, really don't. It's because of that damn picture. Did you know there's a picture?" Rachel pushed her hair back far enough to pin Calla with a desperate look. It was only then that she noticed the dark circles weighing down Rachel's eyes. "I don't know if it's some idea of a joke, but there's a picture. Of Jacob's body."

picture. Calla ran her palm down the side of her face. She didn't even try to interject.

Rachel fumbled for her phone, fishing it out of her purse. "So now there's a dead body all over social media. And that's not even the problem, which is...how messed up is that? I don't even care that he died." Rachel stared at a picture on her screen, bent over it protectively, as if it might disappear at any moment and leave her alone with her guilt-ridden, morbid thoughts. "It's how he died. How he died, Cal. It's how she died, too."

How It took Rachel almost a full minute to surrender her phone. When she did, she dumped it into Calla's lap and stood, mumbling something about using the restroom. Calla let her go without so much as a word.

She'd gotten what she'd wanted, after all. Peace. Quiet.

And a picture.

Calla looked down at Rachel's phone. Jacob Stein's corpse was on full display, his throat bruised and slashed with a ribbon of red. He'd taken off his jersey and had been found bare-chested. Blood covered his hands, as if he'd tried and failed to stop the bleeding moments before his death.

Something small and white at the edge of the photo caught Calla's eye. She zoomed in, curiosity getting the better of her.

The killer left a note.

The killer left a note. Cory had been telling the truth. She couldn't make out the words on that scrap of paper. But she could make out the number written in bold red ink—the number two.

Sure that Rachel would return at any moment, Calla set her phone facedown on the table, but not before memorizing the details of the photo. She would commit it to memory. And then, alone in the quiet of her room, she would revisit the image.

And she would revel in it. Revel in it—and wonder.

Who killed Jacob Stein?

Who killed Jacob Stein? "I'm sorry."

Rachel slid back into the booth, her thigh brushing Calla's. She fluffed up her hair in an attempt to hide her flushed cheeks and damp eyelashes.

Calla took her hand. She had a job to do. A role to play.

A friendship to save.

"It's okay to drown every now and then," she murmured, squeezing Rachel's hand until the other girl looked at her. "You just have to come up for air sometimes. Promise me you'll come up for air."

Rachel nodded, her throat bobbing as she swallowed fresh tears. "I promise. I just...can we talk about stupid dances? Please? So I can breathe again."

A thousand rebuttals danced over the tip of her tongue. Ignoring their hellish reality felt cowardly. Naive. What good could come of turning your back on the dead and darkness?

But those were not the words that Rachel needed. And for Rachel, Calla could—and would—lie.

You lie every day. To everyone. About everything.

You lie every day. To everyone. About everything. Damn Cooper Daniels. Damn him and his damn intuition.

Calla offered a half-hearted smile. "Alright. Stupid dances. And stupid boys."



Rachel's phone buzzed on the table. Both girls made a face, but it was Calla who said, "If that's a stupid boy..."

Rachel rolled her eyes and denied the call. "It's Mom."

"You sneak out without telling her about our brunch plans again?" Typical.

" No. Aunt Alice is up her ass about some missing book. They want me to track it down." Rachel rolled her eyes. "I can barely find my toothbrush in the morning. What the hell am I supposed to do about a book ?"

No. book Calla frowned. The waitress dropped off Calla's orange juice before making a swift exit. "What book?"

A shrug. "I dunno. Aunt Alice thinks someone at the party stole it. Because, yes. That is what a highschool kid cares about. Stealing books!"

That Calla hid a smile as she took a swig of her drink. "How'd she even notice?"

"She's super anal retentive about her library." Rachel sighed and rubbed her temples.

Calla did a quick mental walkthrough of the Smith's mansion. She'd been over every square inch of that place, particularly as a child, lost in a game of hide-and-seek with the Smith cousins. On the main floor, she'd hidden in the kitchen pantry or underneath the stiff, luxurious living room furniture. The gaming room on the second floor had been a personal favorite of Rachel's, who always managed to squeeze behind the antique machine. And then there was the third floor—the long stretch of hall, vaguely ominous despite the mansion's relative youth. As far as Calla knew, Tracy's death had been the mansion's first murder. There had been no hauntings.

She did remember one room on the third floor—the parlor. Three of the four walls had been lined with books. Dozens of classics. And even more special editions.

The killer left a note. A scrap piece of notebook paper, maybe.

The killer left a note. A scrap piece of notebook paper, maybe. Or a page torn from a nearby book.

Calla shifted, trying to hide her sudden unease. Rachel continued speaking, blissfully unaware of the dark turn that Calla's mind had taken. "I love Aunt Alice, but she's driving me crazy. I have bigger problems on my plate than literature. Like the winter gala," she said, pointedly steering the conversation away from droll family drama. "And Cooper Daniels."

"What about Cooper Daniels?"

Jessica and Astrid slid into their booth, Stephanie a few paces behind. The latter looked uncertain as she took the open seat beside Jessica, who leaned into Astrid's shoulder—a painfully obvious attempt to put space between them.

Still bickering, I see. I wonder why. Calla tried not to stare at Stephanie, instead gazing down into the depths of her orange juice. I wonder if it has anything to do with your little foray to the station the night of Tracy's murder?

Still bickering, I see. I wonder why. I wonder if it has anything to do with your little foray to the station the night of Tracy's murder? "I want to take him to the dance," Rachel clarified, a note of determination creeping into her voice. Her words jarred Calla from her thoughts.

Jessica snorted and made a face. She and Astrid both wore cropped hoodies, their midriffs covered in a layer of goosebumps. "Daniels? Have you lost it, Rach?"

"He's cute," Stephanie insisted, throwing in her support.

Jessica clenched her jaw, ignoring the comment. She shot Calla a look, blue eyes bright but cold. Calla wondered, not for the first time, if those blue eyes were the result of contact lenses; the rumor had been started in the eighth grade and had never really gone away. "Cal-Gal. Are you hearing this? You can't tell me you support the Daniels movement."

you "Is the gala even happening?" Calla asked, trying to keep the bloodbath to a minimum—ignoring Jessica's question entirely. She'd normally encourage a verbal flurry. Relish it, even. But her thoughts were elsewhere, lost in a vortex of conspiracy theories about the killer stalking their idyllic town.



The killer left a note. A book went missing. And the boy that my best friend wants to take to the dance suddenly has an interest in literature.

The killer left a note. A book went missing. And the boy that my best friend wants to take to the dance suddenly has an interest in literature. Calla's theory seemed more and more likely the longer that she mulled on it. She felt tempted to call off brunch, to excuse herself quickly and quietly and make her escape. But she couldn't leave Rachel. And even if she could, she had no way to prove that Cooper's interest in the school library had anything to do with the missing book from the Smith mansion—or that the missing book had anything to do with the murders. For all she knew, the three were entirely unrelated.

But Calla had a hunch. And she didn't believe in coincidences.

The waitress dropped by a second time, irritated to find more bodies at the table. In a rush to fill the table's order, she spilled Rachel's latte on Calla's lap, who had to remind herself that murder by strangulation would be frowned upon given the town's current climate.

Once she was gone, Rachel dropped her broken straw into a cup of water. "It's too late to cancel the dance. They paid for a DJ and everything."

How many people need to die to get this thing cancelled?

How many people need to die to get this thing cancelled? "Well. Cooper seems...nice," Astrid offered, adding absolutely nothing of substance to the conversation. As per usual.

"Whatever. Take who you want." Jessica analyzed her manicure with a critical eye. "I guess I'll take Mike. He was being such an ass last night, though."

guess I can't leave Cooper alone with Rachel, Calla thought, staring at her best friend and wondering just how she was supposed to discourage her from something she so clearly wanted. Never an easy feat. What if he tells her what he knows? Or at least what he suspects...

I can't leave Cooper alone with Rachel, What if he tells her what he knows? Or at least what he suspects... Calla wanted to believe that Rachel would take her side. That she would laugh in Cooper's face and ignore his outlandish theories. But the death of her cousin—of the girl who had been more like a sister than a relative—had clearly unhinged Rachel in some way. Watching her have a miniature breakdown at the table moments before had proven that.

When it came to Tracy, Rachel was a wild card. Calla couldn't be sure how she would react if Cooper decided to fill her head with poisonous truths.

She would have to keep an eye on Cooper. Even if it meant getting close to him.

"Maybe we can double date," Calla offered, interrupting Jessica's mindless chatter about her latest hookup with Mike. She glanced over at Rachel, looking for approval. "I can ask Vincent to the dance."

Across from her, Astrid looked up from her phone, hazel eyes sharp and assessing. Jessica's endless stream of words dried up.

"Wait. This is perfect." Rachel's eyes brightened, her whole demeanor lifting. But then she frowned. "But what about—"

"Cory," Jessica inserted, giving Calla a once-over. "Weren't you two just on a date?"

just Stephanie scoffed. "If he hasn't asked you to the dance yet, it doesn't matter."

"He hasn't." Calla shrugged, unbothered. Cory's reaction was at the bottom of her laundry list of concerns.

Stephanie clasped her hands together. "So. Theoretically. If you were to ask Vincent, would that mean...Cory's available?"

"Theoretically?" Calla asked, propping her chin in her hand.

"Theoretically."

She sipped her orange juice. "I'd say yes. Cory's available. Very available."

Stephanie gave her a sly smile and picked up her phone, her fingers flying across the screen.

"Bathroom," Jessica declared, forcing Stephanie out of the booth so that she could slide into the aisle. Astrid followed her, mumbling something about starting her period. Their abrupt exit caused the other girls to stare at each other in bewildered silence.



And then Stephanie grimaced. "Ah. Calla?"

"What now?" Calla asked, more irate than she should have been.

I need a nap.

I need a nap. "It's Vincent," Rachel explained when Stephanie shot her a pleading look, the kind that screamed help me, please.

help me, please. Calla gave a long sigh. "What about Vincent? I'd rather not play twenty questions, so just say it."

Rachel tapped her fingers against the stained ceramic mug of her latte. "He's...well. He and Astrid..."

She waved her hands in a vague gesture. Calla made a face.

"I'm taking French. Not sign language."

"Astrid and Vincent became a thing over the summer," Stephanie said, leaning across the table so that the other two girls could hear her. "She's totally doing it to get back at Gareth. But." Stephanie shrugged.

thing "I'm guessing she doesn't want me to take him to the dance, then?" Calla wanted to scream. Could Astrid really call dibs on two guys? At once ?

once Rachel crossed her arms. "Whatever. She has a boyfriend. She can get over it."

"My thoughts exactly," Stephanie agreed. "She's just pissy about it. I'm sure they're raving in the bathroom about the injustice of it all."

"Perfect." Calla sank down in the booth. "So do I take him, or what?"

Rachel grabbed her arm. "You have to take him, Calla. I need my wingman!"

have "They're coming back," Stephanie warned.

Rachel changed the subject without hesitation. "Anyone know what the boys are up to?"

Jessica and Astrid slid back into the booth, pinning Stephanie to the wall this time. Jessica wrinkled her nose. "With any luck, they're sleeping. I look like a trash panda. Not trying to socialize today."

"That's unfortunate," Astrid said, hiding a rare smile behind her hands. Her eyes were fixated on something—or some one —over Calla's shoulder. "Make a run for it, maybe?"

one "Crap," Jessica muttered, sliding down in her seat. "Oh, shoot me."

"What?" Calla turned and made eye contact with the Richardson brothers standing at the entrance to the diner. Mike—she could tell by the way he grinned at her—pulled his hand out of the pocket of his fluorescent yellow hoodie to wave. "Oh. Yeah. Shoot me, too."

"Do we have enough bullets for the table?" Rachel muttered. Calla shot her an unamused look.

"They're coming this way." Jessica drew her hood over her head and pulled the drawstrings tight, hiding her face. "Why are they coming this way?"

"Now, now." That sarcastic undertone definitely belonged to Mike. The girls turned as he approached, Blake in tow. "Don't all get up at once."

"What are you two doing here?" Jessica asked, indignant.

The twins wasted no time in drawing up two chairs, forcing themselves into their group. Mike shot Jessica a charming grin. "We're here for the gossip. These old batties know everything."

He turned and waved to Mrs. Gionardi at the cash register. The forty-three year old raised an overplucked brow and smirked, eyeing Mike appreciatively.

"Maybe if I ask real nice," he whispered, leaning in toward Rachel conspiratorially, "Mrs. G will give me the tea."

"You wouldn't." Rachel shot him a dubious look.

"Been there." He turned back to the group and braced his elbows on the table. He gave the girls a wicked grin. "Done that ."

that As the owner of the diner and wife to the mayor, Lauren Gionardi held the key to many of the town's secrets. Considering her esteemed husband was also a dirty, lying cheat who'd slept with half of the high school faculty, Calla also had zero doubts as to whether she'd sleep with a student for revenge—especially if that student would roll in the sheets for information on the town's hottest gossip.

Standing at the register with Mrs. Gionardi was the sheriff, his unkempt wisps of hair tucked beneath a baseball cap. His fingers were hooked around his belt loops, his posture that of a man in extreme discomfort. A few seconds later, Calla realized why.

Amelia Daniels stood just behind him, her arms crossed. She looked upset, her eyes darting around the diner, looking for a familiar face. Or an escape route.

The sheriff paid for both of their tickets. Amelia tried to refuse, and when that failed, she stood there, stiff and silent, as Mrs. Gionardi made small talk with the sheriff. After a few pleasantries, the two walked out of the diner side by side, carrying on a low, tense conversation that Calla couldn't begin to understand.

I guess we both have our secrets, Calla had told Cooper not so long ago. And we aren't the only ones, either.

I guess we both have our secrets, And we aren't the only ones, either. Blake rested his head on the table. "If you screw with Mrs. Gionardi and get us kicked out again, I'm telling Mom."

"You wouldn't."

"Try me."

Stephanie rolled her eyes, lost in her phone—crafting the perfect message to Cory, no doubt. Calla followed suit and tuned out the twins' antics, allowing her mind to wander down dark passages, her thoughts drifting from Amelia to her son.

She still couldn't get the image of Cooper's face out of her head. Standing there in the dark, backlit by distant streetlights further down the road, he'd looked almost possessed, gripped by manic determination to confront her. He'd stared at her as if he could see right through her. As if he'd been able to see her all along.

You want to tell me why you've been digging holes in your backyard?

You want to tell me why you've been digging holes in your backyard? Calla's left hand balled into a fist under the table.

Dangerous. It was dangerous, what Cooper Daniels was doing. Watching her. Documenting her every move. She'd seen that camera of his, dangling from his neck. Now she could only wonder what that camera had seen—what that stupid, stupid boy had seen.

camera It was easier, she thought, watching Jessica laugh a little too loudly at something that Mike said. Blake scowled at her, rightfully annoyed. It was easier, back when it was just Tracy. Back when it was Tracy, and me, and blood on my hands and a knife in my backyard.

It was easier, It was easier, back when it was just Tracy. Back when it was Tracy, and me, and blood on my hands and a knife in my backyard. Jacob's death had thrown a wrench in her plans. Because now there was a second killer to contend with—someone besides her moonlighting alter ego. She couldn't allow a murderer to run around Greenwitch unchecked. It wasn't a conscience that drove her; it was self-preservation.

What if Cooper Daniels isn't the only one watching you?

What if Cooper Daniels isn't the only one watching you? Calla shifted, uncomfortable. For all the reasons that Jacob could have been murdered, using his death as a ploy to expose Calla was by far the worst. It meant that someone out there knew her secret. Someone dangerous.

dangerous. Someone who was willing to kill.

Someone just like her.





12: A Deal with the Devil


"I hate her. I hate her. I—hate—her."

Cooper emphasized each her by banging on the inside of his locker, which really did nothing except...well, hurt his fist. He cradled his sore hand.

her When had life become so complicated? He was stuck between a rock and a psychopath, and he couldn't see any clear way out.

Did you ever stop to consider what it meant if I wasn't the one holding the knife?

Did you ever stop to consider what it meant if I wasn't the one holding the knife? No. No, he hadn't. But now the idea was there, haunting his every step, his every breath. He couldn't even enjoy a snack in peace these days. Every bite—every loud, ominous crunch —reminded him of the sound of breaking bones.

crunch His bones. The ones Calla would break once she decided his life was no longer worth entertaining.

His You just had to poke the bear. Didn't you, Coop?

You just had to poke the bear. Didn't you, Coop? He pulled out his Spanish II notebook with an angry sigh, ignoring the slip of paper that fluttered out of his locker. He trudged off to class.

His mood didn't improve when he noticed Vincent wasn't waiting for him in his usual seat, a stupid grin on his face, ready to tell Cooper some graphic story about which girl he'd been with after the game. As much as he hated those stories—who liked to be reminded that they weren't getting laid?—he hated being alone in this class even more.

He unpacked his things, taking some small comfort in the normalcy of it. It felt good to take a breath and do something familiar. Something mindless. Automatic. And entirely unrelated to the murders plaguing their quaint town.

Ms. Esperanza passed out their in-class assignment, oblivious to the dark mood of the room. That, or she just didn't care. The sea of students, dressed respectfully in black, didn't deter her.

Cooper couldn't concentrate, but he blew through the assignment anyway, eager to be done with it so he could sit in peace and spend the rest of class mulling over what to do about Calla Parker. Not that it was ever peaceful thinking about her. It was actually a very stressful activity he tried to avoid at all costs.

peaceful But there was no more avoiding Calla. Not anymore. Not now that he'd confronted her outside of her own window.

Who do you think you are, Coop? You're a kid. Not a detective. Leave the police work to the police.

Who do you think you are, Coop? You're a kid. Not a detective. Leave the police work to the police. He really wished Vincent were here. He felt like he was about to explode from stress.

really The last thing Vincent had said to him on Sunday was that they needed to talk. Well, two could play at that game. Cooper had more than enough to talk about. As for Vincent, he probably just wanted to vent about Astrid...who was the absolute last person on Cooper's mind. But if venting was what Vincent needed, where the hell was he? As far as Cooper knew, he wasn't sick—

Jacob's a dead man walking.

Jacob's a dead man walking. Vincent's words from last Saturday. Cooper could still taste the fury in the air as his friend confronted him, all but promising Jacob's head on a spike.

Before Cooper could process the implications of that thought, the bell rang, releasing the class to their lunch break. His stomach tightened. He couldn't imagine eating food. Not right now.

Not with his head full of horrible, horrible possibilities.

Don't jump to conclusions. He was kidding. Vincent would never kill someone.

Don't jump to conclusions. He was kidding. Vincent would never kill someone. Cooper shuffled to his locker, effectively avoiding the cafeteria. No one cast him so much as a sideways glance. His infamy had dissipated overnight. He'd been at the diner with his mom when they'd heard the news of the murder—an alibi that had apparently banished any suspicions that he was a cold-blooded murderer.



He should have been relieved. But he wasn't.

Could his best friend really be capable of murder? He couldn't imagine it. He'd seen the dead body circulating on social media. To think of Vincent inflicting that kind of damage...

He took out his phone, typing furiously. He needed answers, and he needed them now.

now. "You know what I find fascinating?"

Cooper nearly jumped out of his skin, an unintelligible curse slipping from his lips.

He turned. Calla watched him with a hint of amusement, a smile tugging at the corners of her lips. How the hell did she always do that? Were psychopaths born with some innate ability to creep around undetected?

do His eyes narrowed. "You."

"Me. Who else?" She stepped forward. He took a step back—playing it safe.

"Are you stalking me now?" He swallowed audibly, and her smile cracked into a grin.

"Bold of you. Accusing me of being a stalker." Her eyes slid to the camera around his neck. "And you didn't answer my question."

me She wore black today in solidarity with the rest of the student body mourning Jacob Stein's death. The fitted turtleneck clung to her throat, emphasizing her pale skin and fiery hair. He watched as she reached up to brush a loose strand from her cheek. Her movements were so sure, so confident.

Like a predator, she was perfectly evolved to blend into her environment. Her smile, camouflage. Her laughter, a tactical distraction.

To anyone else, she might have looked angelic. Cooper couldn't exactly disagree. Though the angel he had in mind was an angel of death. Vengeful and ferocious.

he Cooper sucked in a deep breath. He really did not have time for her condescension. Not today. Not when his gut writhed like a bag of worms, his mind miles away. "Fine. What do you find so fascinating?"

She showed him the hand she'd been holding behind her back, producing a folded piece of paper. "For such a neat freak, I never took you for a litter bug."

He stared at the paper in her hands. His mind drew a blank. "Should I know what that is?"

"Probably not. You're pretty unobservant." She tossed the note, overestimating his athletic ability. He tried and failed to catch it, and then bent over to pick it up with a huff.

She rolled her eyes.

Ignoring her, he opened the scrap of paper. His stomach lurched and then went still.

The edges were torn, the paper thick—as if from the pages of a book. The bottom left half had been lost, but Cooper could clearly make out the excerpt circled in violent red ink, as if to draw the eye.

I'm Death, and I make all equal.

I'm Death, and I make all equal. But what truly made the otherwise worthless piece of trash distinct—and what left his fingers trembling, so much so that the page itself began to quiver—had to be red number six carved across the page, dominating the space.

Cooper tried to muster an ounce of his earlier bravado. "Is this your version of a love letter?"

Calla crossed her arms and leaned against the lockers. Her soulless eyes never left his face. "That fell out of your locker today."

"You put it there?"

"We've been over this. I didn't kill Jacob. And I didn't put that page in your locker."



That page. It had taken Cooper a trip to the library to figure out that the last note had been torn from the pages of a book. She'd already put it together.

That page. "Then..." He grasped for the right words.

She shrugged. "The killer left that." Her barbed smile returned. "For you."

The words left him cold. Cold to the bone.

"So," Calla continued, as if this news were not life-altering. "Are you going to keep feeding me lines of bullshit, or are you going to tell me about what, exactly, you saw that night?"

exactly, She wanted to know about the page. Not this page, but the page from that night—arguably the worst night of his life. Of course she wanted to know about the page. Of course she didn't care about his well-being.

this She'll sting you one day. Oh, ever so gently...

She'll sting you one day. Oh, ever so gently... He looked at her. Really looked at her. The mush in his gut solidified, turning into something harder. Something very like fear.

Really And even that didn't do it justice. He couldn't quite describe the way he felt in her presence. It was as if she were some colossal planet, and he was one of her many, insignificant moons—wheeling blindly through the stars, lost in her gravitational pull. Completely and totally at her mercy.

"Why do you care," he whispered, dodging her question. He needed time to think. He had to weigh the pros and cons of this—of telling his psychopathic neighbor what he knew. What would she do with the information? Would she lord it over his head?

She's not the only one with cards to play, he thought, using his free hand to clutch the camera at his neck. His safety line.

She's not the only one with cards to play, Calla appraised him with a look of such indifference that he recoiled. "Care?"

He swallowed audibly. Her eyes roved over him as if she'd heard the sound. Heard it, and was disgusted by his bodily noises. "About that night. About what I saw. Why do you care?"

Don't you already know everything about that night, Calla? Your hands were around her throat.

Don't you already know everything about that night, Calla? Your hands were around her throat. Her eyes bored into him. And then: "Curiosity."

Killed the cat.

Killed the cat. Cooper wasn't buying it. His hand convulsed around the torn page in his hand, which did nothing for his unease. If anything, holding his death sentence made him feel worse.

"Let's...let's just take this to the police," he started slowly, trying desperately to find a way out of his current predicament. "We can go after school. I'll go with you or I can go alone and we can figure this out."

She considered her words carefully before she spoke. "That's not how this game works."

"Game." He felt small at that moment. Incredibly small. "This is my life ."

life "And it's mine, too." There was no apology in her voice. "I'm not the one making the rules here, Coop. There's somebody else running the show. And if the police catch whoever this is...they'll catch me, too. They'll put it together." She frowned. "I can't let that happen."

They'll put it together. It was as close to a confession as he would ever get. Tracy had not been murdered by some psychopath behind the curtain.

They'll put it together. She'd been murdered by the one standing in front of him.

Cooper lowered his voice despite the eerie emptiness of the halls. "I don't care if they catch you. I'm going to the station after school."



She didn't seem surprised by his answer. That gave him pause.

She tapped one foot against the lockers, thoughtful. "If you insist..." She sighed. "Guess that means I have to tell Cory."

He wanted to turn and walk away, preferably in some dramatic fashion that involved flipping her the bird as he went. But she was calm. Too calm.

Too And what the hell did Cory Michaels have to do with any of this?

Cooper really didn't want to take the bait. He knew she was dangling it in front of his face for a reason, waiting for him to bite.

But what choice did he have? He spit the words out: "Tell Cory what ?"

what She smiled, smug. "About Vincent. And his...threats."

His blood ran cold. All of his fears from earlier—the terrible possibilities running through his head—came swarming back, overwhelming him. "Threats?"

She can't know about that. He thought back to the day Vincent stood at the threshold to his apartment, murder in his eyes. She wasn't there. And Vincent isn't dumb enough to run his mouth at school, not with a murderer running around.

She can't know about that. She wasn't there. And Vincent isn't dumb enough to run his mouth at school, not with a murderer running around. "Threats," she confirmed, causing his stomach to drop again with unease. "Hypothetical threats. But if I tell Cory that I heard something suspicious..."

Another shrug.

Cooper's unease was quickly replaced by fury. "Vincent didn't hurt—"

Calla interrupted him with a sharp look. "You've considered the possibility, though. I can tell by the look on your face. You're afraid." She cocked her head to one side, giving him a languid smile. "Let me paint you a picture. Jacob hurts you. Vincent hurts him back. He's big enough to get the job done. They play on the same team—that's how he managed to corner Jacob after the game. Anyone would believe it. Hell. I believe it. Don't you?"

Cooper couldn't speak. Couldn't think. Her words sucked him in, filling him with dread.

"And Tracy?" Calla tsked . "Poor girl. Astrid probably used Vincent to get her out of the picture. He's always been a people-pleaser."

tsked Cooper struggled to find a rebuttal.

"Gerald Michaels will listen to his son," she continued. "And Cory will listen to me ."

me "It's a lie," he accused her. "Vincent didn't hurt anyone."

"So you say," she murmured, less jubilant now. Her eyes narrowed, sharpening her features. "It makes sense. Vincent has more than enough motive. Maybe it wouldn't be a lie." The barbed smile returned. "Besides. I lie every day. To everyone. About everything. Don't you remember?"

Cooper slid to the floor, clutching his camera in one hand and his death sentence in the other. If he could have suspicions about Vincent—his best friend, his brother—then it followed that the rest of Greenwitch might believe it. People were scared. They needed someone to blame.

he Calla had painted a grim picture, indeed.

Cooper couldn't let Vincent go down for this. Once he became a suspect, it would start a domino effect that could potentially ruin his life. College football prospects. His relationship with his father, volatile as it already was. To suffer all of that, especially if he was innocent...

He looked up at Calla. She stood over him, waiting patiently for his response. But the look in her eyes was sure. She knew what he was going to say.



He closed his eyes, blocking out her face. "I can't go to the police."

"You go to the police, and I go to Cory. Your choice."

"That's not much of a choice," he muttered darkly, pinching the bridge of his nose. "What do you want to know?"

"Don't be dense, Coop."

He felt too overwhelmed to argue. Calla had found his ultimate weakness. And unfortunately, her threats were not idle.

"There was a page," he started, nauseous. The polaroid in his front pocket—the one he carried with him at all times, too anxious to leave it at home—burned like an accusation. "Just like the one in my locker. I didn't notice it at first, that night. But the sheriff...he gave me a photograph of a note they found at the first crime scene. He asked if I recognized it. I didn't. I still don't. It's from some book, Grimm's Fairy Tales. I assumed you knew about it."

Grimm's Fairy Tales. He opened his eyes to pin her with a look. She studiously ignored him, her eyes on the ceiling and hands behind her back.

"I figured as much," she murmured. "The page. What did it say?"

It was as if she could sense his defeat. He sighed and recited the words, a chill rolling down his spine as he did so.

"Interesting." Her eyes slid back down to his face. "A second page was left at the crime scene with Jacob Stein. I'd guess it's another page from the same book."

Cooper blinked. She noted the confusion on his face and sighed.

"That page in your locker. It's from a copy of Grimm's Fairy Tales. I couldn't find it in the library..." she trailed off.

Grimm's Fairy Tales. "I already tried that," he inserted, trying to prove that he wasn't completely incompetent. It wasn't until she smirked that he realized he'd just confirmed one of her theories—that he'd been snooping around the library for good reason.

His cheeks flamed. He pressed a hand to his forehead to try and hide his irritation. "And Jacob?"

"I'm sure you've seen the picture on social media already." He grimaced. He had. And if he never saw a dead body again, it would be too soon. "There's a white piece of paper in the lower left corner." She began pacing a few inches away, encroaching on his space. The smell of strawberries followed her.

"How did you know what to look for?" he asked, at a loss.

"Cory." Her answer was short. Simple. "He told me about the first note. He's trying to seduce me with information from Daddy Dearest."

"It's working," Cooper muttered, ignoring her sharp glare.

Her eyes slid away, falling on an abstract mural that occupied most of the space between the computer lab and the classroom at the end of the hall. "I have to wonder, though. You're clearly on the list. If there is a list. I can't imagine the killer would target you like this for no reason. Why not just kill you? Why leave a warning? If it's anticipation he's looking for, he'd probably do the same for the others..."

is She trailed off. Cooper picked up where her train of thought ended.

"What about Jacob's locker?" he asked, standing suddenly. His head swam. "What if there's a page—"

"Excellent." Calla grabbed him by the front of his hoodie. He was so alarmed that he allowed her to drag him a few steps before he put up any resistance. "Good thinking, Coop."

"What are you doing?" he hissed, swatting her hand away. She let him go without a backwards glance, continuing down the hall with more haste than before.



He hesitated, torn between curiosity and reason. Curiosity, because he was almost positive that his theory was correct. He couldn't be the only one receiving death threats in his locker.

But then his voice of reason kicked in.

Stupid, stupid, stupid. Digging around in a dead kid's locker. You're gonna get caught.

Stupid, stupid, stupid. Digging around in a dead kid's locker. You're gonna get caught. "Calla," he started after her, his voice barely above a hiss. He voiced his concerns. " Calla . We're gonna get caught!"

Calla She turned the corner. He went after her—and then ran straight into her back.

He swore.

"You're right," she muttered, staring at the cluster of lockers at the end of the hall. He saw her shoulders relax. "Well. You would be right. The cameras don't work in the east wing."

would She shot him a sly look. He almost smiled back, overly excited about their bizarre, spur-of-the-moment mission.

The adrenaline rush quickly faded when they reached the row of lockers. Jacob's locker—it couldn't have been anyone else's—had been taped over, no doubt to discourage scavengers. A pile of flowers had gathered on the ground, along with pictures that friends had left behind in remembrance.

Calla swore. "Well. Should have seen that one coming."

Cooper spotted a photograph, larger than the others, of Ryan and Jacob with their arms slung over each other. On a whim, he bent to retrieve the picture. He flipped it over, surprised to find words scrawled on the back.

"I'm sorry," he read aloud, turning the picture in his hands. Hoping that more words would appear, maybe.

I'm sorry you died? Or whoops, I'm sorry I killed you?

I'm sorry you died? Or whoops, I'm sorry I killed you? Calla plucked the photo from his grasp.

"Hey!" he objected. She analyzed it from every angle before handing it back.

"You should keep that," she said shortly, not bothering to explain herself.

"Why? And why me?"

Her eyes fell to the camera around his neck. "Call it a hunch."

"Fine. What now?" Cooper asked, pocketing the photo. He felt irrationally upset. They'd been on to something. He could feel it...

"What now?" she asked, perplexed. She shot him an amused look from over her shoulder, one eyebrow raised. "Ease up, Sherlock Holmes. I thought you wanted nothing to do with me or my ilk."

"Did you just call a vicious killer your ilk ?"

ilk She sighed, turning to face him. "Look. Coop. Your input has been...invaluable. I appreciate the intel. But the road ends here."

"But..." he floundered for words. Why should he feel so disappointed?

You should be relieved. Turn around. Turn around and run.

You should be relieved. Turn around. Turn around and run. She waited for him to elaborate. Something about her posture—or maybe it was the look in her eyes—seemed off. "Yes?"

"What about Vincent?" he asked.

She paused. Patient. Composed. Not at all like the irate, restless creature he knew her to be—when they were alone, at least. "You've told me enough. I don't need anything else from you. If you keep your mouth shut...then I'll do the same."

Her words felt like a slap.

I don't need anything else from you.

I don't need anything else from you. Relieved. He should have been relieved . She had let him off the hook. He'd told her what he knew, and now he simply had to mind his own business. Vincent would be safe.

. But he wouldn't be safe. The scrap of paper in his hand felt as if it weighed twenty pounds.

he "I...this is my life," he whispered, struggling to articulate the way he felt. "I'm going to die. If the police can't find this guy, I'm going to die. We have information. We have this. " He lifted the torn page, holding it between them. "You can't go on some crazy, suicidal solo hunt!"

die. this. She watched him. Carefully. "I never said I was on a hunt ."

hunt "You didn't have to," he murmured, running a hand through his hair—once, twice, three times. "I know you. You have questions. And you don't ask questions if you aren't looking for answers." He met her watchful eye, fearful and yet more sure of himself than he'd been in a long time. "You want to find this guy. To protect yourself. And I can help."

Saying those words felt horribly wrong. Every instinct he had screamed for him to run. To hide. To crawl inside a dark hole and wait for the creature lurking outside to pass.

But that wasn't an option. Not anymore. His fingers convulsed around the edges of the page.

"You can help," she repeated. That light in her eyes—the one he couldn't quite place—brightened. "How?"

"This isn't a one-man show. I don't care who you think you are. If I'm six on a hit list, that means there are at least three other people in danger. And, let me remind you," he added quickly, "this is my life. My neck. If you think I'm going to trust you to figure this shit out, you're insane. You can't just throw threats in my face and expect me to sit on the sidelines." He took a deep breath. "So. You're stuck with me."

my My Calla stared. And stared. And stared.

"Alright," she said, perfectly at ease with the decision.

He deflated somewhat. "You...alright?"

"Alright," she agreed again. The bell rang, startling him. She laughed and punched him in the arm—a little too hard.

The door to the computer lab opened, releasing a flood of students. Cooper knew he would lose her in the crowd quickly, that she would turn and leave and he would not be able to follow. But before she did, she grinned at him, and the strange light in her eyes suddenly made sense.

He'd given her exactly what she wanted. Information—and an ally.

"Let's catch a killer," she said with a laugh, turning away.

And just as she always did, she disappeared.





13: I'm Innocent!


Just knock on the door. Easy peasy.

Just knock on the door. Easy peasy. Cooper had been dreading this confrontation all day.

He stood outside of Vincent's house, staring up at the dilapidated husk. The house was small—smaller than Calla's—and the off-white fence that circled their front lawn was broken in many places, the paint peeling away. The house itself was in similar disrepair, with one of the front shutters hanging off of its hinges, barely holding on.

Empty beer cans littered the front lawn. Cooper kicked one of them to the side as he climbed the crooked porch steps, his heart hammering in his chest. As close as he and Vincent were, he was still terrified to have this conversation. And he was especially uncomfortable having it here, of all places.

Taking a deep breath, he knocked on the screen door. After a moment, he knocked again, harder this time, the flimsy screen rattling in its frame. The doorbell was broken; he didn't even try to use it.

A chorus of loud barks broke out from within the house, claws scrambling across hardwood floors. Cooper winced as one of the dogs started scratching the front door, barking frantically.

A booming voice roared for quiet. The dogs whined and scurried away from the door, buying Cooper just enough time to wonder why the hell he'd come over here in the first place. He shivered as a gust of wind tore at him, brown leaves and beer cans scuttling across the ground.

Yep. This was a horrible idea, he thought, about to turn and run—just as the door swung open.

Yep. This was a horrible idea, Cooper stepped back as Mr. Townson pushed open the screen door, squinting down at him. He was as tall as his son, but whatever athleticism he'd once had was long gone. He scratched his large gut, sizing Cooper up and down.

He could smell the beer on his breath as Mr. Townson snorted. "Been a while since I seen you ."

you "Dad." Suddenly Vincent was there, just over his father's shoulder—a younger, leaner, nicer version of the man in front of him. He looked exhausted, his hoodie stained and gym shorts thrown on backwards. "Sorry, Coop. I didn't know you were coming."

Cooper glanced at Mr. Townson, who grunted and shuffled back into the house, throwing up a hand. "You've got ten minutes, Vinny. Coach wants you at the field in an hour. You miss practice like that again, boy, and I'll—"

"Sorry, sir," Vincent mumbled, closing the screen door behind him as he stepped onto the front porch. "I'll be quick."

Cooper followed him to the porch steps, where they both sat. Vincent leaned against the rusted iron railing, clutching one of the bars like a lifeline. Cooper supposed the railing had been black at one point in history, but the iron had long since ruined, crumbling to rust.

Vincent said nothing. He stared dejectedly out at the lawn, shoulders hunched against the autumn air. He had to be cold in those gym shorts, but if he was, he didn't show it.

Neither of them liked being here. The situation at hand only made it even more miserable.

Cooper wanted to shout. He wanted to hit something. His hand throbbed at the thought, already sporting new bruises from his run-in with the locker earlier that day.

"So," Cooper started, terse.

Vincent heaved a great sigh, burying his face in his hands. "I screwed up, Cooper."

No. Cooper's spirits sank. No no no no—

No. No no no no— "Why?" he burst out, his voice almost desperate. "Why did you do it?"



Vincent rubbed his face, still not facing him. "I didn't mean—"

"Oh, c'mon. " Cooper couldn't bear it. He thought he might explode if he sat still for one more moment. He stood and paced back and forth across the lawn, kicking beer cans as he went.

c'mon. He couldn't believe it. He'd spent the better half of the day agonizing over his insane plan to work alongside Calla as she hunted a killer. With each passing hour, what had seemed like a natural alliance—a predator guarding prey from an outside threat—felt more and more like a colossal mistake.

A mistake, yes. But he'd done it to save his own skin. And really, he'd only been in that situation to begin with because of Vincent. He'd fought to save his friend's reputation, to protect him from the wild rumors that would already be running rampant were it not for Cooper's swift intervention.

He'd divulged all he knew to a murderous psychopath to save his friend. A friend whose hands no longer looked as clean as they once had.

"Coop—"

"What are we gonna do?" He ran a hand through his hair once, twice, three times. "And by the way, dude, you're welcome. I saved your ass earlier. Y'know, since you couldn't bother to show up to school. Calla knows. She's threatening to tell everyone."

knows. Vincent finally looked at him, desperation in his eyes. "I'll make it right. I'll tell everyone the truth myself—"

"Why? So you can go to jail ?"

jail Vincent deflated. "You really think I'll go to jail?"

Cooper stopped and looked at him, dumbfounded. "Dude. Is that an actual question? For murdering someone ? Where else are you gonna go, Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory?"

murdering ? "Wait. What?" Vincent leaned back, his thick eyebrows furrowed in confusion. "Murder? What the hell are you talking about?"

"Oh, I don't know." Cooper threw up his hands. "Jacob Stein? Y'know, the dead guy you threatened to kill?"

Vincent's frown deepened. "And? I didn't touch the guy."

Cooper stared.

"Wait a damn minute." Vincent stood and walked down the steps, towering over him. "I thought we were talking about Astrid and Calla."

"What?"

They stood facing each other, standing on opposite sides of the cracked concrete walkway, wearing matching looks of bewilderment.

Cooper broke the silence first, shoving his hands in the front pocket of his hoodie. "Okay. Explain."

Vincent grimaced. "I was kind of hoping you'd go first."

"Nope. Pass."

That brought the ghost of a smile to his lips, but it was gone just as quickly. He sat back down on the steps, and Cooper hesitantly followed his lead. "Fine. I met up with Astrid after the game Friday. She said she wanted to talk. Like, actually figure things out. Find a resolution, or whatever."

Cooper gestured for him to continue.

"But she didn't want to talk ." Vincent kicked a nearby beer can, looking uncomfortable. "All she wanted to do is make out—"

talk "Your sympathy points are plummeting."

"—and when I told her to stop, to take a freaking second and actually talk to me, she blew up. The girl is terrifying, Coop. I didn't know what to do."

actually

I know a thing or two about terrifying women, he thought.

I know a thing or two about terrifying women, "Screw her, then." Cooper paused. "Figuratively speaking. Don't actually—"

Vincent groaned, ignoring Cooper's tangent. "And then she showed me the picture. I swear, when I get my hands on that Sahein kid..."

"Pause." Cooper held up a hand. "Picture?"

Vincent's eyes were filled with thunderclouds. "Some yearbook twerp thought it'd be funny to take a picture of me and Calla. We were just messing around. The whole thing was totally taken out of context."

"Okay..." Cooper followed so far.

"Anyway. I guess Astrid got her hands on it somehow. She got pissy. And for what? She has a boyfriend . She can't tell me who I can and can't talk to." He buried his face in his hands. "So I kinda...stretched the truth?"

. Cooper's eyes narrowed. "Stretched what truth?"

what "I told her that Calla and I have been hooking up," he admitted in a rush, refusing to look at Cooper. "I just wanted to get under her skin. If she wants to act like I'm the bad guy...well, I might as well be the bad guy, right? Christ. I never meant to start some stupid rumor!"

Several pieces fell into place at once. "So...when you said you were gonna come clean..."

"I meant I'm gonna set the record straight. I wasn't saying I killed anybody, dude." He sighed. "I owe Calla a huge apology. I never should have involved her like that. She didn't do anything wrong."

huge That last statement was so ludicrous that Cooper couldn't help himself; he started to laugh. And the more he thought about it, the worse it got. He doubled over, tears gathering in his eyes.

And then Vincent was laughing, too, for no particular reason except that Cooper probably looked like a crazy person. Soon they were both rocking back and forth on the stairs, lost in a fit of laughter brought on by stress, exhaustion, and relief.

Cooper gasped, his sides aching. He wiped at his eyes. "Well."

"Dude." Vincent was still grinning. "Did you really think I killed Jacob? Is that why you came here?"

"I've been freaking out all day," Cooper admitted. "Your timing was kinda horrible. You literally never miss class."

Vincent shrugged, guilty again. "Sorry. I guess it does kinda look bad, doesn't it?"

"It does," Cooper murmured, more serious now. "You've been threatening the guy ever since he came after me. And now he's dead." A shrug. "It doesn't look good, I can tell you that."

good, Vincent frowned, worried now. "Shit. I was just trying to avoid the girls, honestly. For the first time in my life." He glanced over at Cooper. "What did you mean, before? You said Calla knows something."

Cooper hesitated. He wanted to tell Vincent everything. About Calla. About Cooper's impending doom as number six on a killer's roster. But Vincent would never let something of this magnitude go unresolved. If he knew about Calla's threat to frame him for the murders—one of which she may or may not have committed herself—he would take it to the police, consequences be damned. He'd fight to clear his name.

The problem? He couldn't clear his name. Not right now. He had no alibi for those murders. None. Even worse, he had motive. Calla had made an excellent point there—Vincent would make the perfect scapegoat.

couldn't Cooper couldn't let him ruin his future based on an impulse. Which meant for now, he couldn't know about Calla. And he sure as hell couldn't know about the murderous web Cooper had tangled himself in.

"I guess I didn't realize what she was talking about and jumped to conclusions," Cooper told him, shrugging.

Vincent pursed his lips. "I'll talk to her. Explain everything."

He was about to object—Vincent needed to stay away from Calla, now more than ever—when his phone buzzed. He pulled it out and stared at the screen, his heart fluttering uncomfortably in his chest.

Rachel Smith wanted to know if he had a date to the winter gala.

"You dog ." Vincent leaned over and read the message. He grinned, punching Cooper's arm. "Finally. Some good news. Go with her, moron."

dog "Is she asking me ?" Cooper stared at her message, bewildered, while he rubbed his throbbing arm.

me Maybe she's just asking for a friend, he mused, scrambling for any feasible explanation. Because Rachel Smith wanting to take him to the winter gala wasn't feasible. Not at all.

Maybe she's just asking for a friend, him He thought of the way she'd giggled that night of the Halloween party, pulling him along through the crowd, her small hand so warm and soft in his. She couldn't possibly want to go with him. Could she?

"Yes she's asking you, you dweeb." Vincent cursed. "I forgot about that stupid dance. Astrid was supposed to be my date."

"You have, like, a million options." Cooper hesitantly typed a response back, his fingers clumsy. "Just take one of your groupies."

"But the groupies are boring . " He pulled out his phone and began scrolling through his contacts. He opened his mouth to add something—perhaps to debate the pros and cons of said boring groupies—when the screen door suddenly burst open.

. Mr. Townson scowled down at them. "I said ten minutes, boy! Get your bag. Now. "

Now. "Yes, sir." Vincent hurried to his feet, running inside. He threw Cooper a look over his shoulder. "See you tomorrow?"

"Yeah." Cooper followed suit and stood quickly, not wanting to linger while Mr. Townson watched him. "See you."

He hurried to his Mustang. Once safely inside he slumped with relief.

Vincent isn't a murderer.

Vincent isn't a murderer. It felt naive, to trust someone's word so easily. But this wasn't just someone. This was Vincent. He'd known the guy for his entire life. He owed him his loyalty. He owed him his trust.

someone. Cooper laughed to himself. Had he really ever thought, even for a moment, that Vincent had been guilty of murder?

Pulling out his phone again, he felt half-tempted to text Calla. He wanted to celebrate. He wanted to gloat. She'd been wrong about Vincent. Dead wrong. Her theories were just that— theories.

gloat. theories. But of course, it all meant nothing. Not without hard proof. Cooper may not need the validation, but Calla would. She would hold this threat over both of their heads as long as she could. Without evidence proving his innocence, Vincent remained in danger. His reputation, his future, was still at stake.

And so was Cooper's life. He'd almost forgotten why he'd made that deal with Calla in the first place. To protect his friend, yes. But also to protect himself.

himself. Shoving down the impulse to celebrate, Cooper instead opened Rachel's latest text, giving his mind something else to focus on.

His heart skipped a beat. She wanted to go to the winter gala. With him.

him. Unable to help himself, he fist-pumped the air—as high as the low roof would allow. Trying to hide his grin, he put his key in the ignition and sped off, letting out a little whoop of victory as he turned the corner.

whoop Rachel wanted him to be her date. Vincent was an innocent man. And Calla, for once, had been wrong.

Despite everything—despite all the death and horror and secrets—Cooper felt like the happiest sixteen-year-old on the planet.





14: It Takes Two to Tango


"Twirl."

"I don't want to twirl."

" Twirl. "

Twirl. Calla rolled her eyes and did as commanded, stretching her arms up like a ballerina for good measure.

Rachel squealed, bouncing on her toes. "You look great. I can't believe I got you in that dress."

great. Truth be told, neither could Calla. She'd gone through all the motions these last two weeks leading up to the winter gala. When Rachel insisted she go with her to get a mani-pedi, she did. When Rachel begged her to shop for new shoes, she groaned—but she did. Jewelry. Accessories. Endless hours spent scrolling through inspiration for hair and makeup. Calla had done all of it.

But dress shopping? That's where she'd drawn the line, no matter how Rachel had begged and pleaded and complained. She was busy, or so she insisted. Too busy for dresses.

It wasn't a lie. Calla was busy—busy trying to catch a killer. She'd had little success in the last two weeks. She'd tracked down as much information as she could on the Brothers Grimm, trying to find something that would trigger her lost memories. If she'd been the one to kill Tracy Smith, then it followed that she'd also stolen the book from Aunt Alice's collection. She'd been the one to leave that first, cryptic note.

was She'd But it was useless. She couldn't remember committing murder . Why would she remember stealing a book?

murder She tried to imagine the parlor room—the way it would have looked that night, awash in strobe lights as her fingertips brushed along a row of leatherbound spines. And then she imagined pausing on the volume of dark fairytales, her eyes scanning through the rudimentary artwork within. What about the book had caught her eye? Had she flipped to a page at random?

What the hell did I do with that book?

What the hell did I do with that book? If she'd hidden it, she'd hidden it well. She certainly hadn't buried it.

Suffice it to say, Calla had no leads to go on. And without any fresh leads, all she could do was sit at home and stare at the ceiling, plotting ways to solve her predicament while Rachel begged her to shop for dresses.

In the end she'd allowed Rachel to pick a dress on her behalf—the gamble of all gambles. It was the only way to appease Rachel and give Calla peace of mind at the same time. She had no idea what to expect from Rachel's dress choice, but it was better than sweating in a dressing room, shimmying into skintight, glittering pieces of fabric that shed all over her things.

For all intents and purposes, Rachel had done well. More than well, really. Calla examined her figure in Rachel's mirror, running her hands over her hips. The dress actually made it look like she had hips.

had "You look great," Rachel chimed in, mirroring Calla's thoughts. "My taste? Impeccable."

The little black dress hugged her figure, but that much she'd been expecting when she sent Rachel out to do her bidding. What she hadn't expected was the alarmingly deep V-neck. She'd been apprehensive at first glance, but she didn't have much choice but to throw it on and make it work. It was either this, or the see-through number hanging at the back of Rachel's closet.

"Here." From the depths of said closet, Rachel threw out a pair of strappy heels. "Put these on."

Let's try not to commit murder in these, Calla told herself. The pep talk of the century.

Let's try not to commit murder in these, She sat on the edge of the bed to keep her balance while she wrestled with the straps. "What shoes are you wearing?"

Rachel slid out of the closet and posed against the doorframe. She kicked out her foot, displaying a pair of bright red, impossibly high heels. "These bad boys have yet to fail me."



"Have you ever worn those? Even once? In your life?"

"Nope!"

Rachel's room was spacious enough that they could get ready together with ease. Almost everything was some shade of pink: the walls, the fur rug, the curtains, the silk bedspread and matching pillows. Her closet, home to various designer brands, was the same size as Calla's room at home.

"Just try not to break your neck," Calla said, hiding a laugh.

"I make no such promises." Rachel plopped down on the bed beside her, presenting ten identical tubes filled with amber liquid. "Also. Pocket shots!"

Calla made a show of gagging.

"C'mon," Rachel whined. "It's just one night!"

She sighed. "Fine. Stick half of them in my purse."

Rachel squealed with glee, carefully tucking five tubes into a hidden inner flap. "You're the best."

Calla made a noise in the back of her throat.

Rachel stood and wobbled from one end of the room to the other, doing her best to find her balance. She swore each time her ankle threatened to give way. "I'm going to bust my ass. I can feel it."

"Wear something else," Calla suggested, watching her warily. If she broke an ankle, Calla would be the one responsible for cleaning up the mess. Not an experience she would savor.

"I can't. I already showed Jess a picture of these babies." Rachel scowled as she teetered back to Calla's side. She fell back down on the bed, her hair—not yet finished—fanning out on the sheets. "She'll give me shit if I back out."

"Since when do we care what Jessica Sneider thinks?"

Rachel went silent. Calla twisted around, curious.

With a great sigh, Rachel sat up. "We got in a fight."

Calla immediately tensed. Her eyes narrowed.

"Calm down. She was just...being unreasonable, per usual." She shrugged. "I'd rather avoid her if we can."

Calla analyzed her hands, fluttering her fingers and admiring the veins hovering just beneath the skin. "Are you going to tell me what the fight was about?"

"Can it wait? It'll put me in a bad mood."

Something about her tone made Calla look up. Rachel averted her eyes, staring down at her gaudy shoes.

"Fine," Calla agreed. Rachel immediately relaxed. "Do I need to beat her ass? If it'll cheer you up, I will."

They grinned at each other.

"Thanks." Rachel moved to her vanity, carefully selecting a pair of diamond earrings. "But...no thanks. Maybe I'll change my mind next week. Don't give up hope."

Calla rolled her eyes and changed the subject, sensing that Rachel had said all she was going to say on the other matter. "So. You and Cooper, huh?"

Her distraction worked. Rachel fought a smile, but she couldn't hide the color in her cheeks. "Yeah. I mean, no. It's not like...nothing's happened."

no. " Yet ," Calla emphasized, giving her a pointed look in the mirror. She finally adjusted the last strap on her heel and stood, marching over to her best friend. "Do you like him?"

Yet

Do you like the boy who sees what I really am?

Do you like the boy who sees what I really am? Rachel patted the spot beside the vanity bench, and Calla sat, turning so Rachel could fasten the clasp of a long gold necklace.

"I think so." Rachel shrugged. "We haven't talked a lot yet. I don't really know him. But he's smart, and he's nice...I mean, he's the nicest guy I've ever talked to."

"You deserve that. A nice guy," Calla murmured, touching the necklace. It fell perfectly, resting in the neckline of her dress. She turned back to look at Rachel, expression serious. "You deserve to be happy."

Rachel leaned forward to hug her, and they stared at their reflection in the vanity mirror, surrounded by bright bulbs. Rachel looked stunning, her black hair pulled back into a glamorous ponytail—a look Calla normally favored. Her own hair fell down her back, tamed into luxurious curls.

She didn't recognize herself.

She grabbed Rachel's hand. "I mean it, Rach."

"Love you, Cal." Rachel grinned at her reflection. "I'll definitely be happy if I get laid tonight."

definitely The brief seriousness of the moment popped like an overblown bubble. They both laughed, and when their phones buzzed to announce the arrival of their dates, they hurried down the grand staircase and into the foyer. Rachel's house was smaller than her cousin's, and yet more elaborate in many ways: the crown molding, wooden beams, marble fireplace, and artistic light fixtures all screamed money.

money. Calla didn't particularly feel one way or the other about Rachel's inheritance, which she would claim when she turned eighteen. It was convenient, she supposed. It meant Calla often got to live lavishly by association, though the extravagant decorations didn't exactly appeal to her. She preferred a more minimalist approach.

Cooper's Mustang sat in the driveway, which encircled an ostentatious fountain backlit by a ring of lights. He and Vincent stood poised by the car, matching in khaki pants and baby blue button ups. Vincent already had his coat over his arm. Cooper fidgeted with his, prodding the buttons. A nervous gesture, perhaps.

She smirked, remembering how easily she'd coerced him into proposing to help her with her hunt. A hunt —what a wonderful word to describe her intentions. And now she had a partner.

hunt No, not a partner. A pawn to be sacrificed.

No, not a partner. A pawn to be sacrificed. He didn't catch her crooked smile; he didn't so much as look her way as she approached. His attention never wavered from Rachel, who looked stunning in her strapless minidress.

Vincent grinned at them, breaking the ice. "Hello, ladies."

Hello, Vincent. Calla allowed him to kiss the back of her hand, admiring him despite herself. He cleaned up well. Very well. Got any skeletons in your closet I need to know about?

Hello, Vincent. Got any skeletons in your closet I need to know about? She still couldn't believe how perfectly it had all turned out. Rachel and Cooper. Calla and Vincent. She'd been surprised, pleasantly so, when he reached out to extend an invitation. She knew his offer partly stemmed from guilt. But why he felt guilty over a little white lie—something about an imaginary hookup between the two of them—Calla couldn't understand.

She didn't care about a rumor. And she certainly didn't care about the fury of Astrid Baker. She cared about solving a string of murders—and right now, her primary suspect was the boy she'd have on her arm tonight.

Cooper thought her suspicions were ridiculous. She thought his optimism reeked of naivety.

The girls crawled into the backseat, squeezing in beside each other. Rachel spent most of the ride requesting a laundry list of songs. Calla blocked out the noise and used the car's side mirror to apply more lip gloss. Vincent caught her eye in the reflection and winked. She winked back and he laughed.



Let the games begin.

Let the games begin. * * * * *

* * * * * If looks could kill, Calla would have fallen dead the instant she walked into Greenwitch High on Vincent's arm.

From the other side of the gym—across a sea of white and silver balloons drifting across the floor—Astrid seethed, a glorious goddess of vengeance and envy in her glittering purple gown, a daring split running dangerously close to the curve of her hip. Her glare penetrated even at a distance. Gareth, the oblivious buffoon, didn't notice. He was too busy laughing with a group of other boys, Ryan Kane and Cory Michaels among them, sneaking sips from a silver flask.

Vincent had the decency to look embarrassed. "Um...sorry about her."

"About who?" Calla blinked up at him, feigning innocence.

He let out a relieved breath. "I owe you. Big time."

"Or we could just have fun tonight and call it even," she offered, following his lead as he pushed his way through the crowd to the opposite side of the gym, where Rachel had claimed a table for their things. She and Stephanie were busy taking off their heels.

He draped his coat over the back of an open seat and grinned down at her. "Deal."

"Here." She handed him her clutch. "Shots are in there."

Vincent made a beeline for the refreshment table, waving her purse in the air as he went. She couldn't help herself; she laughed, shaking her head, and bent over to loosen the straps of her heels.

"Please. Can you try to not completely pollute his soul?"

not Calla looked up to find Cooper standing next to her, his arms crossed. His sleeves were unbuttoned and rolled to the elbow, his hair already in a disarray. She noted the camera around his neck with distaste.

"No promises," she answered sweetly, kicking off her heels and tossing them under the table.

He frowned at her, but then Rachel was there by his side, looping her arm with his. She smiled suggestively at the both of them. "Shots, anyone?"

"Way ahead of you." Vincent came up behind Calla and nudged her side, offering her a cup of something bubbly and brown. "For the lady."

She downed the cup, surprising everyone—herself included. The drink tasted strongly of cinnamon and burned her throat as it went down.

"Well?" She smacked her lips together. "Aren't we going to dance?"

Rachel cheered and Vincent took her hand, twirling her as they made their way to the center of the gym. Calla couldn't get a head count, but what looked to be a couple hundred students milled about, standing in clusters by the tables. The bravest were beginning to migrate to the unofficial dance floor.

Calla jumped as loud pops filled the air—and then she laughed, realizing what it was. A group of freshmen had gotten the idea to start popping the decorative balloons. Ms. Esperanza, one of the three teachers supervising the dance, rushed forward, scanning the crowd for the perpetrators.

White streamers hung from the ceiling, and Vincent swiped at a particularly low-hanging target as they half-danced to the center of the floor. Ms. Esperanza, having given up on the balloon-poppers, saw him and shouted over the music.

He ducked his head. "We've been spotted!"

"Go!" Calla laughed, pushing him forward, past a group of juniors who urged them by and then closed ranks, blocking the rampaging teacher's path.



Vincent spun Calla in a circle, the two of them now at the center of an empty dance floor, tacky multicolored lights bouncing over their bodies, their faces. They weren't alone for long. Jessica and Mike—Greenwitch's most volatile couple, notorious for their soap opera of a relationship—raced forward to join them. Jessica, her starlit hair wound up in a knot at the base of her neck, rolled her eyes as Mike started dancing, doing his best to embarrass her. Calla laughed again.

She'd laughed a lot tonight. The feeling was entirely new, and yet not exactly unwelcome.

The dance floor filled quickly. Soon, Calla found herself surrounded by familiar faces. Cooper. Rachel. Stephanie. The twins. Gareth. Astrid. Venus Upton. Cory. Ali Marks and her longtime beau, Steven Lowry. Even Trevor Miles and Ryan made an appearance, their dates—Hayley Singleton and Madison Chorde, a pair of juniors that Calla had never particularly liked—clinging to their arms and otherwise not engaging with the others.

Calla didn't exactly remember the order of events of that night. But she remembered dancing. And laughing. She remembered Rachel pulling her aside so that they could dance to their song . She remembered Cory twirling Stephanie in a circle, though his eyes never left Calla's face. She remembered Astrid glaring at her from across their circle of friends, her hand on Gareth's chest and his arms around her waist. She remembered Ryan disappearing and reappearing at random intervals, standing first with his date and then with Cory, the two laughing about some joke Mike had cracked.

their song But mostly, she remembered Vincent.

The dynamic of the group ebbed and flowed as people danced and disappeared, taking bathroom and water breaks as the music played on, ceaseless. But Vincent remained a constant. His smile charmed her, and his eyes...well. His eyes were full of the kind of mischief Calla thought she wouldn't mind getting into.

She thought it might have been the alcohol talking. After three cups, she felt delightful. But she didn't think the alcohol changed the effect Vincent's hands had on her waist, her hips, spinning her around and pulling her close.

Vincent downed his third cup and tugged on Calla's hand, leading her away from the dance floor and toward the refreshment table. They were both sticky with sweat, but Calla didn't mind. Her head buzzed pleasantly.

Vincent stopped by a tower of water bottles and leaned against the table, a stupid grin on his face that made her grin back. He intertwined their fingers and pulled her against him. She didn't resist.

Maybe that was a mistake. If he had killed Jacob, he would certainly be able kill her, too. Especially in the state she was in. But she didn't think he wanted to kill her. The look in his eyes told her he wanted something very different.

He leaned down to whisper in her ear, his words a bit slurred. "Wanna get some air?"

She nodded, letting him lead her outside of the gym. They passed beneath a decorated archway that led out into the hall, framed with dozens of balloons. The hall was dark and empty, the music muted, a distant vibration through the walls.

Calla felt relief almost instantaneously. The hall was far cooler than inside the gym; she raised her arms, enjoying the air. "This was a great idea."

great "Hmm." Vincent watched her. He reclined against the wall, his hands in his pockets. His hair had fallen out somewhat, and the urge to touch it, to run her hands through it, overwhelmed her.

As if reading her thoughts, he wrapped a hand around her waist and bent down; she immediately twined her hands into his hair. This close to his face, she felt the strangest urge. His lips, which she'd once fantasized about cutting into, now seemed appealing for an entirely different reason.



He made the first move. His lips brushed hers, and the pleasant buzz in her head grew. She responded almost instinctively, pressing her lips against his. It was all the encouragement he needed. He pulled her against him, his hands flat against her back. She leaned into him, giving in to the strange new desire coursing through her, and gasped against his mouth.

Her gasp must have done something to him. He groaned, pulling her closer—if such a thing were possible. He reached up to cup her neck with his hand. The other followed the curve of her lower back. Heart hammering, she dug her fingers into his hair and pulled with enough force to hurt.

He didn't complain. If anything, he held her harder.

Her body was on fire. She'd never been so happy to burn.

Someone cleared their throat. They leapt apart as if doused by a bucket of ice, staring wildly at each other. And then they turned to see Ms. Esperanza, her eyes like two pieces of granite.

Calla clapped a hand over her mouth so she wouldn't laugh. The situation suddenly seemed utterly ridiculous.

She'd come to this dance to keep a close eye on Vincent. She just hadn't guessed how close.

how When he spoke, he seemed on the verge of hysterics, too. "Um. So. Dancing?"

"Yup." Calla took his hand and they ran for the gym. Ms. Esperanza's exasperated sigh followed them.

Enveloped once again by the sound and vibration of the music, they turned to look at each other—and burst out laughing. He twined his fingers with hers and she let him, still giddy from the fire that burned so brightly from his touch.

"Well. That was fun," he murmured, leaning down to whisper in her ear. "Maybe we can get into more trouble later."

His words sent an electric thrill through her. The fire he ignited threatened to burn her to ashes.

She met his questioning gaze and a smile curled her lips. "I mean, the rumors are already spreading...why not?"

That amused him. He laughed as he wound his way through the crowd, off to get another set of drinks. Smiling to herself, she wandered back over to their table, hoping to find Rachel.

Instead, she found Cooper.

He sat at the table, his face slick with sweat, the sheen exacerbated by the glow of his camera as he scrolled through a set of photographs. The first two buttons of his shirt were undone, the collar crooked. She wasn't sure what he saw when he glanced up at her, but his eyes narrowed suspiciously.

Before he could ask the damning question— where have you been? —someone tapped Calla on the shoulder, vying for her attention.

where have you been? She turned to find Stephanie staring at her with wide, wild eyes.

"What?" Calla asked, doing her best to keep a straight face. She reached out to caress Stephanie's cheek, fascinated by the texture of her skin. How might that change, were she to make a cut? Just one, minuscule little cut—

minuscule "Have you seen Jess?" she asked, voice pitched high with panic. Calla imagined every canine in the vicinity had to be in immense pain at that moment.

"Jess?" Calla rolled the name over her tongue, tasting it. "Hmm. Can't say I've seen her. Is that why I've been having so much fun?"

"She's upset," Stephanie explained, grabbing Calla's fingers. She hadn't realized she'd still been brushing her hand across the other girl's cheek. "I'm fine. Really. But Jess...she looked really torn up about something. I need to find her."

really

Calla nodded. "You should do that."

She couldn't translate the look on Stephanie's face. Annoyance? Desperation?

I could turn that emotion into fear. So quickly. With one. Little. Cut.

I could turn that emotion into fear. So quickly. With one. Little. Cut. But then Stephanie was gone. Calla blinked, staring into the crowd. And then she turned around, swaying on the spot. Her eyes found Cooper, who watched her with equally bleary eyes.

"That was weird," Calla announced. She went to sit beside him.

He grunted. Alcohol had not done favors for his well-honed paranoia in her presence. "Where have you been?"

She shrugged and smiled. "Here and there."

"You guys made out, didn't you?"

She blinked, surprised by his guess. "How the hell did you know?"

"'Cause you look like it," he muttered. She frowned and reached for Rachel's purse, rummaging around for a compact mirror.

She may have felt warm and wonderful, but there was no reason to look like a fool. Not in front of these loathsome people.

"Where's Rachel?" she shouted, peering into the purse when she couldn't find what she needed.

Cooper gestured vaguely toward the bathrooms. "I got caught up. Yearbook stuff."

"Surprise, surprise." Calla rolled her eyes. "If you know what's good for you, you'll keep that camera away from me."

Cooper muttered under his breath, too low for Calla to make out. Something sharp pricked her finger. She jerked her hand out of the bag with a curse, glaring at her fingertip. A paper cut. She sucked at the wound and glowered at the purse, searching for the culprit.

And then she saw it, under Rachel's ID: a folded piece of paper with jagged edges. Ignoring the cut on her finger, she reached for it, uncomprehending.

Cooper's voice was urgent when he asked, "Calla? What's that?"

The warm haze that had gripped her over the last two hours vanished. Her eyes were sharp and clear as she unfolded the piece of paper, already knowing what she would find.

A block of words on the page. And written over those words, a red three.

"No," Cooper whispered, the music carrying his words far, far away. He bolted out of his seat. "Calla—"

Gripping the paper in her fist, she sprinted for the bathrooms. Cooper followed a few steps behind. Always a few steps behind.

Calla rounded the corner that led to the back hallway, where the bathrooms were.

She didn't make it far.

Rachel was on the floor. Her legs were twisted at an awkward angle, her eyes glassy, locked on something far away. A splash of red coated her throat, ruining her beautiful white dress.

Cooper made a noise behind her—something caught between a sob and a shout—while Calla walked forward, barely daring to breathe.

She sank to her knees just beyond the gathering pool of blood. Ignoring the babble of voices at her back, she grabbed Rachel's hand, the other crushing the morbid note in an iron fist.

Her skin felt clammy, but still warm. Calla knew she would be cold soon.

She stared into Rachel's eyes. They were a darker shade of brown than she remembered. The girl behind those eyes—with all of her warmth and light—had disappeared.

You deserve to be happy, she'd told her, just hours before.

You deserve to be happy, Something warm touched her kneecaps. Her eyes wandered down, barely processing the blood—Rachel's blood. And beyond it, beyond the blood, sat something else.

A bloody beer bottle. Broken. The jagged edges were sharp. Sharp enough to use as a weapon.

Calla looked away. She ran her thumb against the back of Rachel's hand, a mindless gesture of comfort. The panic from before had vanished. She felt nothing now.

A vast abyss of nothing.

She blocked out the sporadic screaming as students began to congregate at the edge of the hall. She blocked out everything. She ignored it all. All except for the feeling of Rachel's cooling hand in hers.

You deserve to be happy. I mean it, Rach.

You deserve to be happy. I mean it, Rach. Calla cried no tears. But kneeling there on the hard floor, staring at her dead best friend, she felt a part of her die, too.





15: Playing With Fire


Ryan Kane gazed at Cooper, eyes wide with alarm.

Alarm and annoyance.

Cooper heaved a sigh and tapped the screen, scrolling through the rest of the photographs he'd managed to snap Friday night—before his date had been found murdered. Forgotten at the party, just like her cousin before her.

He stopped at a picture of Gareth and Astrid, locked in what could only be a heated argument. Cooper frowned at the red flush across Gareth's cheeks. Astrid stared resolutely at his chest, her jaw stiff.

He turned off the camera. He'd seen enough of that night to last a lifetime.

Cooper's eyes slid to the end of his twin bed. Nestled between his feet were his phone—an unsent text to Calla staring back at him—and a crumpled piece of paper.

He still had no idea why he'd kept that page. The thing had all but guaranteed his death, the sixth victim in what was shaping up to be a brutal massacre. He should want nothing to do with it. How many times had he balled it in his fist, only to smooth it out again, panicked that he'd damaged the evidence somehow? How many times had he tossed it in the trash, once and for all...only to fish it out, too frightened to throw it away?

Terrified to keep it. Terrified to lose it.

Cooper sat up. He grabbed the page and stuffed it in the front pocket of his sweatpants. Taking his phone, he deleted the message he'd typed. He tried to find new words. Better words. Something profound but ambiguous—he couldn't send Calla damning texts that would come back to bite them.

His thumb hovered over the send button.

Just do it. Send it, Coop. She has to crawl out of her hole at some point.

Just do it. Send it, Coop. She has to crawl out of her hole at some point. Procrastinating, he leaned across the bed and peered out of his miniscule window. Calla's house sat a hundred yards away. Quiet. Unsuspecting.

He sighed and deleted the message.

Rachel's dead. Calla's AWOL. And the killer is still at large.

Rachel's dead. Calla's AWOL. And the killer is still at large. A miracle. He'd need a miracle to survive this.

His eyes flashed back to the window.

Or a psychopath.

Or a psychopath. Restless, Cooper rolled out of bed and threw on a hoodie. He headed into the living room, determined to move, to be productive. But he couldn't stop thinking about that night. The taste of alcohol burning down his throat. The almost giddy high he'd felt as he'd danced, his hands on Rachel's waist. And then later, the way her lips felt against his. A stolen kiss.

And now she was...gone. Whatever future he'd had with Rachel had died with her. He still didn't know how to feel. Maybe he'd never figure it out.

He stepped out into an empty living room; he'd forgotten his mom was pulling a double at work. More dejected than before, when he'd been hoping for a shred of companionship, he plopped down on the couch and turned on the TV. A replay of the sheriff's earlier announcement was on, commentary from reporters scrolling by below. A headline popped up on the screen, filling Cooper with a sense of foreboding.

GREENWITCH SERIAL KILLER ON THE LOOSE

He raked a hand through his hair, finding comfort in the familiar gesture. He couldn't watch the news all day. His life had become depressing enough without the constant reminder of death and despair. So he fished his phone out of his pocket and pulled up his search history, clicking on the first link. A generic, softback copy of Grimm's Fairy Tales popped up. Only $15.99. A steal.

Grimm's Fairy Tales

Maybe that's what had drawn the killer to the book. Everyone loved a great bargain.

Don't be moronic. He closed out of his search history. The killer wouldn't leave such an obvious trail.

Don't be moronic. The killer wouldn't leave such an obvious trail. Which meant that the killer already had the book on hand before heading off on a murder spree. That, or he'd stolen it, leaving a false trail in his wake. Convenient. And smart.

Cooper chewed on his lower lip, debating what his next move should be. Mope around the living room, contemplating his impending doom? Or mope in the confines of his bedroom, paralyzed by fear?

Feeling impulsive, he sent Calla the text he'd been staring at all morning—and all yesterday, too—and prayed for a response. If he was going to throw himself a pity party, he might as well see if Calla wanted to join him.

Misery loves company.

Misery loves company. He was surprised by her quick reply: I don't want to talk.

I don't want to talk. I don't want to talk. He bit his bottom lip hard enough to sting. Please?

Please? Please? Little dots danced across the screen, and then just as quickly vanished. No response.

A pit of nausea began to form in his stomach. After Rachel's death, he'd expected many things from Calla. Wrath of unholy proportions. A bloodbath. An opening to the gates of hell. He certainly hadn't expected... silence.

silence. Maybe Rachel's death had affected his neighbor in a completely different manner than he'd been anticipating. She'd tried to play the game—had tried to catch a killer—and she'd failed. And now Rachel was dead.

"Screw this." Cooper hurried to his room, suddenly overcome with urgency. He could ask himself hypothetical questions all day and get nowhere. Or he could find the answers. "Full send, baby."

He shoved on his boots, ignoring a rush of nerves. His mom wouldn't be home for another few hours, and considering time was now an especially valuable resource in his life, he needed to utilize it wisely.

especially He'd just have to pen moping about impending doom elsewhere on his schedule.

moping about impending doom He hurried out into the cold, slamming the door behind him and bracing himself against the bitter December wind. He wound his way across the parking lot and through the field of tall, dead grass, his sights set on the lair of the beast.

As he approached, he was struck again by the normalcy of it. The paint job on the house was chipped and the green shutters were outdated, but otherwise the house was quite charming, with little flower pots beneath the windows and a bird bath out in the backyard by the oak tree. Nothing was in bloom, of course, but come spring the farmhouse would burst into life. Picturesque. Quaint.

It was nothing like Vincent's ramshackle shack. There were no beer cans littering the lawn here, no pack of dogs barking wildly from within.

No. What was inside this house was far worse than any vicious animal.

this Cooper walked up the porch steps and rang the doorbell, biting down his nerves. A high-pitched voice called something unintelligible from inside. After a moment the green door swung open, revealing a woman with curly hair.

Rosalind Parker. Her hazel eyes assessed him. They lacked the warmth he'd grown accustomed to—the happy light that usually shone from his mother's eyes.

If he hadn't known any better, Cooper might never have guessed this woman could be Calla's mother. Her eyes were too light, the red tint to her dark hair too subtle. But the look in those eyes—tired, yes, but also sharp in a way that told him she saw far more than he felt comfortable with—was familiar.

in

"Oh. Cooper?" She blinked at him, pulling a wooly cardigan around her shoulders. "How are you?"

"I'm...holding up." His hand spasmed around the paper in his pocket. He panicked, wondering whether he should call her Ms. Parker or Mrs. Parker. He went out on a limb. "It's nice to see you, Ms. Parker."

Ms. Mrs. "Rosalind." She offered a ghost of a smile and stepped aside, ushering him in. "C'mon. It's freezing out."

He followed her to the kitchen, where she offered him a glass of water. He politely declined, staring at his surroundings as subtly as possible. For the most part, he and Calla had played outside as children. But there had been times—the rainiest and coldest of days—when they'd barricaded themselves in her house, building forts out of pillows and blankets in the living room and binge-watching cartoons.

Those days felt like a dream. A distant, hazy dream. Almost as if they'd happened to someone else entirely.

"Calla's back in her room," Rosalind offered. She settled into the couch, a book in her lap. Her eyes were down, voice pained, when she added, "She's...hurting."

He had no idea if that was even possible, and then he reprimanded himself for the thought. That wasn't fair. Maybe Calla had loved Rachel in her own, twisted way.

Cooper thanked Rosalind and made his way down the hall, toward Calla's room. He still remembered where it was. Funny, how memories worked. For the longest time he'd thought he'd wiped every trace of Calla from his mind, scrubbing the stain of her away like red wine on a rug. But now that he was here, back in her house, it all came rushing back.

He stopped at the end of the hall. There were two doors, both closed. He rapped his knuckles on the door to the left, his heart fluttering like a hummingbird's.

He glanced at the other door. He'd never been in that room, come to think of it. He wasn't sure what was even in there—

"Stop lurking outside my door."

Cooper rolled his eyes and stepped inside, closing the door behind him. And then he paused. The way he remembered her room was vastly different from what he saw. There were no more bins of toys stacked against the wall. The obnoxious purple comforter had been replaced with a soft, neutral white. And the set of drawings pinned above the bed—her own artwork, featuring unicorns and fairies and about a hundred shades of bubblegum pink—were gone, the wall smooth and blank.

Cooper wondered about those drawings. They'd always felt too bright. Too happy. Too my child is completely normal, look at this unicorn! He wondered now if those drawings represented the early days of Calla's charade. A time when she'd still been learning, piecing together the fabric that would one day be the perfect mask that she'd wear day in and day out.

my child is completely normal, look at this unicorn! He looked away, disturbed. His eyes fell to the cross-legged figure sitting on the bed.

Calla ignored him. Her eyes were fixated on the large window that dominated the majority of the right wall. Beams of sunlight illuminated her face, setting her red hair on fire. Something gold flashed in her palm—a key. She rubbed it between her fingers, the motion absentminded.

Her calm expression worsened his paranoia. He immediately flashed back to that fateful night. When she'd turned from Rachel and found him through the sea of onlookers, she'd taken his breath away. Because in her eyes had been an emptiness so vast he'd feared he'd fall right in and never find a way out.

He felt that way now. This Calla—the girl sitting calmly on her bed, the sun highlighting every plane of her face—terrified him in new, horrible ways. The calm before the storm.



"Why are you here?" She minced no words. She also didn't bother to look at him, her attention completely focused on...nothing.

Cooper bit back a scathing response. Antagonizing her wouldn't help his case. And he needed her on his side, now more than ever.

He'd come to that conclusion late last night, tossing restlessly in bed. His dreams—nightmares, really—had been filled with blood and death, including his own. And when he woke, he'd realized one horrible truth: he was going to die, and he was going to die soon unless he did something about it.

soon He walked to the edge of her bed and sat, rubbing his hands across his knees. He alternated between looking at her and looking at the floor. "I'm just...I'm freaking out, okay? People are dead and it's not stopping and I'm...I don't know what to do anymore." He rubbed his knees harder. "What do you think we should do?"

How do we stop the killer? How do we bury Rachel and just...move on? How do we save my life?

How do we stop the killer? How do we bury Rachel and just...move on? How do we save my life? "We? There is no we, Cooper."

we, He paused. "I thought we had a deal?"

She shrugged, still avoiding his gaze. "Just forget it. Let it go. We're not detectives."

His nausea grew. "Forget it? Rachel is dead. "

dead. "I don't care."

Cooper swallowed, mouth dry. Anger made his cheeks flush. "What?"

"I. Do. Not. Care."

"Oh. Excuse me." He couldn't help the words that came out next. "I almost forgot. This must be so annoying for you. Talk about inconvenient. Now you have to...what? Start from scratch at the Build-a-Buddy Workshop and hope this one doesn't die?"

so That got her attention. She tore her eyes away from the window, pinning him with a look of such loathing, he was surprised he didn't vaporize instantly. "Get out."

"No," he said, standing. He pointed a finger at her, embarrassed when it shook. "You're avoiding all of this because you feel guilty. You can't back out now!"

Her eyes narrowed dangerously. "I mean it, Cooper. Get. Out."

"You killed Tracy," he said, beginning to pace back and forth in front of the window, his shadow crawling over her with each pass. His heart raced in his chest; part fear, part adrenaline rush. "That got this shit started. And now Rachel's dead. Because of you ."

you "Would you shut the hell up?"

"Or what?" he rounded on her, shoving his face into hers. "Are you gonna kill me, too?"

He had no idea what overcame him. He'd never been this bold, let alone with Calla Parker. But his anger flared, not to be reasoned with. Calla had manipulated and used him. She'd threatened his best friend. She'd backed him into a corner.

She'd given him hope. And now she would dispose of him. Like trash. Like garbage.

hope. Like a crumpled piece of paper in his pocket.

Calla reacted faster than he could blink. She grabbed his neck and slammed him face down on the bed, using all of her considerable strength. He felt something heavy and sharp dig into the center of his back, and realized she'd crawled on top of him and had pinned him down with her knees.

He felt cold hands wrap around his throat. His pulse jumped.

Her breath tickled his ear. "Don't ever assume I won't kill you."

won't

Cooper swallowed, his Adam's apple bobbing. Her fingers were pressed against his windpipe. "Well? Are you going to do it, or not?"

Bravery. Stupidity. Cooper couldn't tell which he suffered from.

After a moment's hesitation, the pressure on his throat released. Calla retreated to the middle of the bed, her expression impassive once more. Cooper stood and rubbed his neck, watching her warily.

He knew, in the primal part that still existed somewhere in his brain, that she meant what she'd said. She would kill him, if it ever came to that.

The thought terrified and thrilled him at the same time. He was playing with fire. He was playing with fire in a desperate bid to save his life, and he was so totally going to get burned.

Still rubbing his throat, he said, more softly, "I know you care. So can you act like it? For once?"

She refused to look at him, staring down at the golden key that had worked its way back in her grip. There was no hint of the wild animal she'd unleashed just moments before.

He sighed, daring to sit on the edge of the bed again. "I don't need you to cry on my shoulder. But...I'm just sorry, okay? I'm sorry she's dead. I'm sorry we couldn't save her." He paused. "But being sorry isn't going to bring her back."

sorry, "Obviously," Calla snapped. Her shoulders tensed and her fingers dug into the key, causing her skin to turn white with strain.

A crack in her armor.

He watched her, curious. This wasn't grief. Not the kind that most people felt.

This was the wrath he'd been waiting for.

She didn't want him to feel sorry for her. And that was fine. He didn't know if he could feel sorry for her, all things considered. What she needed—what he needed—was something else. An outlet for her anger. A way out of his predicament.

could he Maybe there was a way to do both . A horrible idea began to take form. He tried to banish it, tried to un- think the idea, but he couldn't. It was there now, taking root, enticing him.

. un- Cooper contemplated his next words carefully. "Whoever killed Rachel..." He took a deep breath. "Don't you want to find out who did it? Don't you owe her that much?"

She kept turning the key between her fingers. Kept ignoring him.

Cooper waited for a response, delaying his inevitable proposal—the one thing he knew she wouldn't be able to resist. Calla wasn't swayed by his words thus far. At least, that's what she would have him believe. But he saw the way she picked at that key, her skin turning an angry shade of red in the process.

He opened his mouth and hesitated. There was a moral line he was about to cross. Once he went too far—once he put a toe over that line—there would be no going back.

But he had to cross it. His life depended on it.

"Help me find whoever the hell is doing this," he said, staring down at the bed. He didn't want to look up. Didn't want to see the expression on her face. "Help me. You wanted to find him before. You wanted to hunt. So help me find him now, before..."

hunt. Before it's too late for me.

Before it's too late for me. He closed his eyes and took a steadying breath. "Help me, Calla, and when we find this asshole, he's yours."

He heard the sound of sheets shifting and looked up. Calla had unfolded her legs and knelt on the bed, her face inches away from his. He stiffened. Her cool composure had cracked completely, and she stared at him with a look of hunger that sent a chill down his spine.

She tilted her head to one side. "What do you mean, exactly ?"

exactly She wanted to hear him say it.

Cooper ran a hand through his hair, trying to calm his racing heart. It was done. He'd put a toe over the line. No going back now.

"We find the Greenwitch Killer. And when we do..." He paused. "You can have your revenge. You can kill him. I won't stop you. I won't even try. No one will ever know."

He'd offered her the ultimate prize, perhaps at the cost of his own soul. But if he didn't give her this, if he didn't give her what she so desperately needed, he knew she would stop her hunt for the killer and leave him for dead.

She stared at him—stared and stared and stared. He held his breath, half-hoping she'd say no and free him from this horrible guilt.

"You've got a deal, Cooper Daniels," she said slowly. As he watched, a vicious smile lit up her face, contorting her features into something inhuman.

What have I done?



What have I done?





16: Roses and Peonies


Fury.

She could feel it just beneath the surface, coiling under her skin like a snake.

"Calla?"

She stared at the ceiling, the covers pulled up to her chin and her hair fanned out on her pillow like a pillar of flame. Plots and schemes ran through her mind, but mostly she thought of blood.

Blood and revenge.

A soft knock on the door startled her from her thoughts. Her mother cracked the door and peered inside. "Hey, sweetheart. Cooper just pulled into the driveway."

The boy next door...not so innocent anymore.

The boy next door...not so innocent anymore. Calla pushed aside the covers and slid out of bed, smoothing the front of her black dress. This one was nothing like the risqué piece Rachel had convinced her to wear to the dance. The thought sent a spasm of rage through her veins. It vanished just as quickly.

She picked off a piece of lint and grabbed her purse, following Rosalind out into the kitchen. Her mother enveloped her in a warm embrace before sending her outside, leaving her with a promise to meet her at the church for Rachel's funeral.

The funeral. Calla detested funerals. The charade of tears and mournful gatherers made her skin crawl.

Standing at the threshold of their house, Calla took a deep breath. She forced tears into her eyes—an exercise in grief that she did not feel. Or if it was there, it was buried somewhere deep, smothered by the dark rage that fueled her now.

I will make whoever killed her pay.

I will make whoever killed her pay. She hurried across the gravel driveway and slipped into the passenger side of Cooper's Mustang, swiping at her eyes with the back of her hand. She checked her reflection in the visor.

"Fake tears?" Cooper asked, throwing the car in reverse.

"Practice makes perfect," she said drily, snapping the visor back into place.

"Excellent. I'd hate to think you'd grown a conscience overnight," he muttered. He pulled at the collar of his white button down, looking distinctly uncomfortable in a black suit, the fabric worn with age. The sleeves were too long; he wrestled with them now, trying to hide the excess fabric.

Her leg bounced as they turned a corner. The line to school felt considerably larger than usual. She blew out a frustrated breath as they slowed to a stop.

"In a hurry?" he asked, drumming his fingers against the wheel.

She thought about asking him the same. He appeared to be equally on edge. He ran a hand through his hair in what she could only describe as a nervous tic.

A license to kill—that's what he'd given her yesterday. What he'd promised her. A life in exchange for a life. The killer would die so that Cooper could live.

You can have your revenge.

You can have your revenge. She didn't deign to respond. Her restless leg spoke for itself.

It took less time than she would have thought to reach the front of the line. Cars crowded the front lot, horns blaring as chaos unfolded. Cooper navigated to his usual spot, stony faced as he threw the car in park.

"Calla—"

She opened the door and stepped outside. She swept the parking lot, absorbing the flurry of black that descended upon the school. Almost immediately, her sights landed on Vincent's unmistakable frame. He wore a nondescript black suit, the top button of his shirt undone. Dark circles hung beneath his eyes. His hair looked as it had the night of the dance—wild and unkempt.



She'd thought him capable of murder. Funny, how quickly that theory had crumbled. And it had only taken her best friend's death to convince her of his innocence.

She watched as he opened the driver door of a little red Volkswagen, parked just a few spots down from where she now stood. Astrid crawled out, a breathtaking sight in a black skirt and turtleneck. Even at a distance, Calla could see that her eyes were red from crying. She wrapped her arms around Vincent's neck and let out a sob.

Gareth was nowhere in sight.

Calla surveyed the scene with disinterest. She could feel Cooper watching her, could feel his panic. Which made her wonder—how much had he guessed about that night? Had Vincent told him about the dirty little details?

"I want you to stay away from him."

Her eyes slid over to Cooper. "Excuse me?"

"Vincent." His eyes hardened. "Stay away from him. This thing that we're doing? It doesn't have to involve him or anyone else. So just..." His eyes strayed back to Vincent. He and Astrid stood side-by-side, leaning against her car. Their conversation looked hushed and intense. "Keep your distance. Call it a stipulation. My one stipulation of whatever this is."

one He waved a hand between them. Whatever this is. An accurate summary of their bizarre camaraderie, to be sure.

Whatever this is. Calla considered his words. She'd already thought long and hard about the matter of Vincent Townson. They hadn't spoken since the night of the dance; Vincent had attempted to call her that night, no doubt to offer words of comfort. But words of comfort could not help her. And Vincent, for all his charm, would only be an unnecessary distraction.

She looked away from the duo across the parking lot, focusing her attention on Cooper.

"Fine. Vincent's out."

"Just like that?" Cooper leaned back, aghast. He'd been expecting a fight. Of course he had.

I don't exactly make things easy for him, do I?

I don't exactly make things easy for him, do I? "He's a distraction," she explained, voice low. She braced herself against the roof of Cooper's car. He frowned, about to protest, but she interrupted before he could. "I need to be focused. Let him chase after Astrid. It'll give me a chance to focus on Cory."

"Cory?" Cooper looked as if he wanted to argue, but he knew her well—better than he probably wanted to admit. As far as he was concerned, Calla had no heart. No compassion. No moral compass. Matters of the heart weren't exactly her forte.

"There's not an officer in Greenwitch that isn't on this case." Calla tapped the top of the car with her index finger for emphasis. " That means Cory's dad might have information we need. Evidence. A list of suspects. Something ."

That Something "List of suspects? What, conveniently written down in his diary?"

Calla ignored him. "It's time to put our cards on the table, Coop. All of our cards."

All Cooper scoffed, throwing up his hands. "Oh, I need to put my cards on the table? Are you serious?"

my "In case you haven't noticed," she hissed through clenched teeth, "my memory of that night is a bit... faulty. "

faulty. "Faulty?" Cooper stared. "What do you mean, faulty?"

"I mean, I don't exactly remember the... events, of that night."

events, "Events," he repeated dully. "You commit murder, and you don't even have the common decency to remember it?"

Calla's fingers convulsed against the car's frame. "Blame it on the alcohol. I don't know. It's not important."



"You killing someone isn't imp—"

"Big picture, Coop!" she snapped. She scanned the parking lot, relieved to see that the congestion had died down somewhat. Students flocked to the front doors in groups of twos and threes, a wave of black on an equally dreary day. As if to emphasize the point, a low rumble of thunder rolled over the town, promising more violent storms to come.

Calla closed her eyes and tilted her head back, as if bracing for a sudden downpour. "Look. Whatever happened that night...it's connected to the other murders. I just don't know how. We need to go over what we know to figure that out. And ," she emphasized, opening her eyes to shoot him an irritated glare, "it'll help us find the one who most definitely wants you dead."

And you "Fine, fine," he grumbled, leaning against the car. He sighed. It was cold enough that she could see his breath. "There's not much to tell . Not about the Halloween party, anyway. I already told you everything I know."

. So. We have a cryptic note and a shadowy figure on the staircase to go on. Wonderful.

So. We have a cryptic note and a shadowy figure on the staircase to go on. Wonderful. Calla frowned. "That's it?"

"That's it." Cooper shrugged, abashed. "Vincent made me leave my camera behind at the party, so I'm no help there. Although..."

"Yes?" she prompted, impatient.

Cooper glanced over his shoulder. The parking lot had all but emptied. Calla knew they would have to head inside soon, or risk walking into the student assembly not-so-fashionably late.

He turned back to her and lowered his voice, despite the fact that they were completely alone. A burst of icy wind ruffled his hair, sending it sweeping across his forehead. "Tom Sahein."

That name again.

That name again. Calla's eyes narrowed. She slipped a hand into her purse and dug around until she felt it—Rachel's key. She clutched it in her palm, a lifeline grounding her in reality. "The yearbook kid?"

"I'm the yearbook kid too, y'know."

"You're the yearbook kid who has five seconds to speak before I rip—"

"Temper." Cooper held up his finger. "We need to work on your temper. Seriously."

Calla sucked in a deep breath. The key dug into the palm of her hand. She resisted the urge to reach over the car and slam his face into the cold metal.

"Sahein. He's notorious. For all the wrong reasons, of course." Cooper spoke in a rush, no doubt sensing how very close Calla was to the end of her rope. "He's always creeping around. Remember that feature with Patrick last year?"

That caught Calla off guard. She leaned back, dropping the key and pulling her hand out of her purse. Cold air stabbed at her fingers. "Patrick Kein and Quinn Richards?"

Talk about a scandal. Patrick's then-girlfriend, Venus Upton, had missed a week of school once the news broke that he'd gotten with Greenwitch's star linebacker. Venus had sworn up and down that she'd caught the flu, but everyone knew exactly why she'd been embarrassed to show up to class. But the worst blow had been Patrick's transfer to their rival school. He couldn't outrun the gossip—but he could outrun the fury of his scorned ex-girlfriend.

could "Yup." Cooper winced. "I've never seen Steph so thrilled to sneak a story into the paper. Sahein's been looking for a feature ever since. The kid's relentless."

Calla scowled. "He sounds like a nosy busy-body. Cory told me about him. Apparently his father brought him in for questioning the night of the Halloween party."

"Cory's got pretty good intel," Cooper admitted, shoving his hands in his pockets. "Sahein was at the gala, too. The pictures on my camera are only half the story. And I bet his half are a lot more interesting than mine."

lot

"Is there a way to get a look at those pictures?" Calla stepped away from the car, slowly working her way toward the school. Cooper followed, keeping pace with her slow march. "Y'know. Steal the camera, or whatever."

He grimaced. "Actually...I might have to. Kid's paranoid. He doesn't want anyone to steal his next big break, he calls it. I doubt he'll upload anything worth a damn on the yearbook lab's drive."

next big break, "Still. It's worth a look." Calla tucked her hand back into her purse, her fingertips brushing the edge of a wrinkled piece of paper. "Consider it your homework assignment."

"Aye, aye." He side-eyed her. "So. Any other cards you'd like to put on the table?"

you'd "I've all but admitted to first degree murder," she muttered, still staring ahead. A swell of bodies stood just inside the front door. She dreaded wading into that mess.

Cooper drew her to a stop. "I mean...what if you didn't? If your memory's fuzzy—"

"I woke up with blood on my hands and the murder weapon buried in my backyard." She pulled away from his touch. He let her go, his arms falling to his sides.

"Then explain the book."

She looked away. A hundred rebuttals danced on the edge of her tongue.

"I can't," she finally said, lingering on the sidewalk. To anyone else, it would look as if she were mentally preparing herself for the day ahead. "No memories. Remember?"

"You don't own a copy of Grimm's Fairy Tales ?" he pressed, trying her last nerve.

Grimm's Fairy Tales "No," she snapped. "I don't."

"If you're a murderer," he started slowly, carefully, "and you left that note behind at the first crime scene...then how do you explain that?"

"If I knew, I would tell you." She pulled away from him. "I know where you're going with this. You think it could be a frame job."

He rolled his eyes, exasperated. "Well, I'd like that to be true. Then I wouldn't have to feel so damn guilty about..." He gestured to the space between them. " This ."

like This Calla stared up at the sky. She shoved down the impulse to snap, to rage. She couldn't afford to lose her temper in front of the entire student body.

"Sorry to disappoint," she said, her voice like ice. "But you're working with a monster, Coop. Get used to it." She took a deep breath. "I do have a theory about the book, though. I don't have a copy. But I think Aunt Alice does."

Her distraction tactic worked. He shot her a look. "Aunt Alice?"

"Rachel's aunt, Alicia. Apparently, the woman is a literary fanatic. She has a home library full of...the classics, so to speak."

"The classics." Cooper paused, jumping to his own conclusion. "You think the killer stole the book from the Smith's library."

The killer. Best to leave the term as neutral as possible, she supposed. If Cooper wanted to live in denial...

The killer. "I do. Her aunt noticed a book went missing after the party."

"Not a coincidence," Cooper agreed. "If that's true, then that's where the death notes are coming from."

Death notes. Calla almost laughed. "Mostly."

Death notes. He sighed. "What now?"

"The note I found in Rachel's purse. It...it was odd."

"Odd how ?"

how "It doesn't match." Calla shook her head. "It's just a scrap piece of paper. Someone wrote a juvenile threat— you're next. And the three scribbled on there looks like it might have been written in marker. Not pen."

you're next.

She felt some small relief when Cooper frowned. He understood the significance of those minute differences—perhaps she wouldn't have to do all the heavy lifting in this hunt, after all. "If the other notes were torn from a book..."

all "Like I said." Calla began walking again, the front door only steps away. She dug around her purse until she felt the key again, finding comfort in its rigid edge. "It's...odd."

"Odd," Cooper agreed. "And no note left at the actual crime scene. Did you notice?"

"I did," she murmured, studiously rearranging her expression into one of grief. She sucked in a deep breath as they entered the school. Warm bodies immediately surrounded them.

Yes. I noticed. And I don't like it.

Yes. I noticed. And I don't like it. * * * * *

* * * * * The church was stiflingly hot despite the December chill outside.

Calla sat in the front pew, away from the gathering crowd piling through the door. Patricia Smith, Rachel's mother, clutched Calla's hand tightly, holding it like a lifeline. Tony, Rachel's father, sat on her other side, eyes rimmed red. He tore at a damp tissue until a little pile sat at his feet. Once his hands were empty he stared at them, eyes glazed with the kind of shock that she knew all too well.

Rachel's aunt and uncle—Raymond and Alicia Smith, Tracy's parents—stared ahead at the casket, their faces twisted in grief, as if they were reliving their own daughter's death over again. Calla had only ever seen the Smith family in one room on a handful of occasions. They didn't often intermingle, despite the close relationship of their daughters. It was no secret that the Smith brothers were distant, if not estranged. Some whispered about a falling out over Patricia, who had initially been Raymond's first love.

How and why Tony had ended up with the woman, Calla had no clue. She'd never asked. And Rachel, for her part, didn't seem to know, either.

Calla squeezed Patricia's hand, ignoring the way her fingers were beginning to ache. The woman's grip was surprisingly strong. But Calla made no protests, made no move to pull her hand away.

She needed to experience this. She needed Patricia's grief to fuel the fury bubbling inside her. Perhaps she could feel enough grief for the both of them.

The preacher stood and began his sermon, speaking of God's will and His eternal kingdom. Calla stared at the blown-up portraits of Rachel. There were three of them. The first was her as a little girl. In it, her white shoes and matching dress were covered in mud, but she was smiling at the camera, showcasing a gap-toothed grin.

The second was her school picture from earlier this year—the one she absolutely loathed. If she were here she'd be furious, pointing an accusing finger at Calla to ask her why the hell she'd allowed it to make it into the ceremony. Calla almost smiled at the thought.

Almost.

The third picture was of the two of them. They both had their arms wrapped around each other, laughing hysterically at something someone off-camera had said. This one was from their first day of high school, standing out in the parking lot.

Rachel had loved this picture best. She would often scroll through her phone and stumble across it, and always she would poke Calla and say, "I love this one."

love Calla stared. They both looked so happy. She wondered what she'd been thinking in that moment. Had the camera caught something genuine—a brief flash of amusement, of affection for the friend she held onto? Or had Calla been rehearsing the usual lines in her head, telling herself to smile with her eyes and laugh from her belly?



Somewhere behind her, she could feel Cooper's eyes on the back of her head. He was probably analyzing that same portrait—happy and laughing—and comparing it to the picture of Calla he had in his head.

She doubted the two looked anything alike.

The service was short. A quick prayer signaled the end of the sermon, and guests hurried to the front to share their condolences with the family. Patricia let go of Calla's hand to greet the sea of shell-shocked faces.

Calla did not stand alone for long. Jessica approached her first and foremost, as if to prove a point. Her watery eyes were smeared with black liner, her hair pulled back in what could pass for an elegant bun—were anything about Jessica elegant. She squeezed Calla's shoulder and prattled about happier days and greener pastures. Or something to that effect.

elegant. Stephanie stepped up behind her, sending Jessica scurrying for the front door. Calla watched, mildly intrigued, as Stephanie watched her go. Her face flushed.

"I'm so sorry, Calla," Stephanie whispered, embracing her once the awkward moment had passed. Her curly hair tickled Calla's nose. "I...I'm just..."

The queen of the yearbook committee. The school gossip. The kind, considerate soul of an otherwise soulless clique at Greenwitch High.

The queen of the yearbook committee. The school gossip. The kind, considerate soul of an otherwise soulless clique at Greenwitch High. A useful tool—if wielded correctly.

"We're going to be fine," Calla reassured her, vaguely amused at how quickly their roles had reversed. "And don't worry about Jess, alright? You know I'm always here for you. If you ever need to talk."

Stephanie's eyes shone. They embraced once more, holding onto each other with more force than strictly necessary. And then Stephanie disappeared into the crowd, but not before promising to take Calla up on the offer. They would talk. And they would talk soon.

Tell me your secrets, Stephanie Brighton.

Tell me your secrets, Stephanie Brighton. The parade of apologetic faces did not cease with Stephanie's departure. Mike and Blake smothered her in an overwhelming embrace from both sides. Ryan mumbled something cliche about loss and moving on . Even the sheriff's niece, a year older than she, offered her a hug and murmured her sympathies.

loss moving on Calla couldn't help but wonder which of those familiar faces had betrayed her. Had it been Jessica, the jealous friend who'd been promoted as the sole squad captain after Rachel's death? Or had it been Ryan, the boy who'd left the remorseful note after Jacob's death—an admonition of guilt, or a show of true grief?

She couldn't say for sure. Not yet.

Calla tensed as Gareth and Astrid approached, the pair of them well matched; she gave them both a rehearsed smile while wondering if they'd intentionally worn identical turtlenecks. Gareth swooped in for potentially the world's most uncomfortable side hug, staring over her head at Rachel's casket. Calla expected a quiet apology from Astrid, who fought back a fresh wave of tears. So she was surprised when Astrid instead wrapped her slender arms around Calla and squeezed—until it hurt.

"Stay away from Vincent," she muttered in her ear, her voice hard and not at all the soft pur Calla had grown accustomed to over the years. Astrid pulled back, her bottom lip wobbling—a charade that Calla recognized immediately

She'd been doing the same thing her entire life.

Astrid took Gareth's hand and led him into the throng of people, disappearing among the milling bodies. Calla barely had time to breathe before Cooper was there. He sidled up to her and raised his arms, clearly uncomfortable.



Calla brushed away thoughts of Astrid. Concealing an eye roll, she hugged Cooper, trying to make it as brief as possible. His hands hovered over her back, barely brushing her dress, as if he didn't savor the thought of touching her.

"Subtle, Daniels," she murmured. "Real subtle."

"Shut up," he whispered back, quickly stepping aside. Vincent stood behind him, hands shoved in his pockets.

Cooper, realizing an awkward confrontation was about to happen, shuffled away as discreetly as possible—which meant he wasn't discreet at all. He bumped into several people in his attempt to escape, until he finally ducked into an empty pew, face red-hot with embarrassment.

Clearing his throat, Vincent walked up to her and hesitated, pulling one hand from his pocket as if he might go in for a hug. Instead he raked a hand through his hair, and color sprang to his cheeks.

"Calla..." he started, searching for the right words.

"Don't," she said stiffly, letting a note of irritation creep into her voice.

He scuffed the toe of his loafers against the worn carpet. Around them, the church had cleared somewhat. A few clusters of mourners still lingered. At the back of the church, Jessica, Stephanie, Mike and Blake had gathered in a loose semi-circle. Astrid and Gareth stood off to the side, their fingers intertwined.

Astrid's eyes were locked on Calla. And, just a few feet away, so were Cory's, the person Calla had been searching for since school this morning. He stood with his body at an angle, as if he couldn't decide if he should come over and say something or just leave and go home.

Let the show begin, Calla thought, pinning Vincent with a look.

Let the show begin, "Just don't," she repeated, waving a hand. "Go. I'm sure Gareth's about to leave." She snorted. "Astrid probably wants to go cry on your shoulder some more later."

She let her words sink in, making it clear she'd seen the little show from the parking lot earlier. Vincent's flush deepened, the tips of his ears turning red.

"It's not like that," he started, rocking back on his heels, unable to stand still. He avoided looking her in the eye. "I mean...I don't know what it's like. She was just upset earlier—"

"You don't owe me an explanation." Calla crossed her arms, shrugging. "We kissed. Once."

Vincent finally looked at her, flustered. "But it...it was nice. Right?"

Her eyes strayed to his chest; he'd undone another button, no doubt to combat the heat inside the tiny church. She remembered how soft and warm his skin had been as she slipped her hands beneath his shirt, flattening her body against his. She'd delighted in running her hands across his abdomen, exploring the planes of his chest, feeling his heart racing against her fingers.

Imagining how that heart might feel in her hands.

She blinked the memory away. "Does it matter? I'm not getting in the middle of..." she waved her hand in Astrid's direction, " that again."

that He took a step forward, reaching out the hand that had been tangled in her hair just three days ago. "Calla, wait—"

"I said go," she said, stepping out of his reach.

Vincent hesitated but, after a moment's consideration he retreated, shoving his hands back in his pockets and walking to the back of the church, shoulders hunched. Calla watched him go, watched Astrid smirk before returning her attention to Gareth, blinking up at him innocently. Calla could have ripped that smile right off her face but, standing at the front of the church, she refrained.



Calla turned and walked over to the portrait of her and Rachel, pretending to get lost in it. She wrapped her arms around herself protectively, as if in need of comfort. In her head, she started to count.

One. Two. Three.

One. Two. Three. She tried to banish the image of Vincent's disappointed face. If her plan was going to work, she couldn't think about him. She only hoped her words had been harsh enough to chase him away. Even if, in reality, she didn't give a damn about his fling with Astrid. Labels didn't daunt her. If Calla wanted Vincent and all of the delicious distractions he could provide her, she could find a way to have him—and Astrid would just have to deal with it.

Seven. Eight. Nine.

Seven. Eight. Nine. But Calla couldn't have Vincent. Not right now. Not when someone else offered her far more than physical satisfaction and amusing banter. Not when her alliance with Cooper hung in the balance.

couldn't Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen—

Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen— "Calla?"

She turned, feigning surprise. Cory stood behind her, wearing khaki pants and a black button down that contrasted nicely with his blonde hair. A jacket was draped over his arm.

"Cory. Hey." She turned, giving him her full attention. She kept her arms crossed.

"I, uh...wanted to see how you were doing." He gestured to the picture of Rachel and Calla. "I'm so sorry about Rachel."

"I am too," she murmured, looking at the ground.

He took a step closer. "Hey, are you...okay? I mean, I saw you and Townson—"

"Vincent?" She shook her head and laughed, rubbing her forehead. "Wow. I'm stupid, huh? Shoulda stayed far away from that tool."

far "Naw." Cory leaned forward conspiratorially. "I dated Venus in the seventh grade. If we're comparing dumb decisions...no offense, but I think I win."

Venus Her eyes drifted to the back of the church. Venus stood in a semicircle with Hayley and Madison, a queen holding court. She soaked up their attention like a vine straining for the delicious light of the sun—and choking everything else in its path on the way up.

If Calla never heard her shrill laugh again, it would be too soon.

"If you ever want to talk about...anything." Cory shrugged, offering her a smile. "Y'know. I'm a good listener."

"And humble, too," she joked half-heartedly. But Cory, the good sport he was, grinned. It faded quickly when he glanced over at Rachel's coffin.

"Well..." he shuffled his feet, turning to go. "See you after break?"

"Wait." She reached out a hand and then immediately pulled it back, looking at the ground, trying her best to seem unsure. "I mean, maybe sooner? To talk."

She didn't bother hiding her shiver as a cold gust of wind blew into the church through the open door.

"I'd like that," Cory murmured. He noticed the goosebumps on her arms and immediately held out his jacket. "Here. Take it."

She waved a hand. "I can't—"

"You definitely can," he insisted, draping it around her shoulders. She felt warmer almost immediately and smiled, genuinely pleased. Cory gave her a smile in return. "Well, now you have to come see me over break. Gotta get that back."

have Oh, I will, she thought. Count on it.

Oh, I will, Count on it. She made a point to hesitate before leaning in to give him a hug. She meant for it to be brief, but Cory had other plans. He wrapped his arms around her eagerly. She could feel his soft breath against the nape of her neck, tickling her; and then he pulled away. He offered her one last smile before he left, waving to Mike and Blake on his way out.

"Sweetheart?"

Calla turned to find her mother standing with Patricia Smith. Both had fresh tears in their eyes.

I don't know how much longer I can do this, Calla thought as Patricia enveloped her in a warm hug, squeezing her tight. Too many people have touched me today.

I don't know how much longer I can do this, Too many people have touched me today. "She loved you so much," Patricia murmured in her ear, voice cracking. She sucked in a deep, wavering breath. "You'll always be welcome in our home, Calla. We love you too."

"I miss her," Calla whispered. From over Patricia's head, she had the perfect view of Rachel's casket, the ground littered with roses and peonies. She imagined how Rachel might look, her eyes closed and hands folded over her chest, throat sewed shut, bruises covered with makeup.

The picture of the two of them taunted her. They looked so happy, so full of laughter, as if they'd never heard anything funnier in the entire world.

Calla would never laugh with Rachel again. Not in this life, and not in the next. Because if there was a next life, Calla wasn't going to the same place as Rachel. Not by a long shot.

I miss you, she thought, closing her eyes so she wouldn't have to look at that picture anymore. I'm sorry.

I miss you, I'm sorry.





17: A Roll of the Dice


A knock on the door made both Cooper and Vincent look up from their respective spots on the couch.

The two had been lounging around Cooper's apartment all day, soaking up the full potential of a lazy Wednesday afternoon. No school meant no responsibilities, and they'd taken full advantage of that fact, binge-watching Star Wars and devouring every snack Cooper's mom had in the kitchen. Bags of chips, an empty Oreo pack, and a half-eaten can of Pringles littered the coffee table, a testament to their epic day spent feasting.

Vincent had ignored not one, not two, but five calls from Astrid, insisting that he needed a day without her drama. Cooper approved. He only wished that his problems were half as simple as a scandalous affair.

five He had an Oreo in hand when the knock on the door startled him out of his thoughts. Vincent must have been likewise occupied, because he nearly jumped out of his skin, knocking over the Pringles with his foot in the process.

"Crap." Vincent moved to clean the mess, shoving a couple of chips in his mouth while he was at it.

"Hold on," Cooper called, forcing himself to stand. He had no idea who could possibly be here at 4:00 in the afternoon, but he sincerely hoped it wasn't Calla. He'd told her Vincent was coming over so she could keep her distance, but she was unpredictable. She did what she liked, when she liked.

It was infuriating.

Cooper yawned as he answered the door, but it quickly died in his mouth when he saw the two officers in front of him.

"Oh. Um." Cooper raised a hand in a half-wave. "Hi."

"Cooper Daniels?" the stouter of the two cops asked. Cooper recognized him as Jeremy Hand. He lived at the apartment complex on the opposite side of town, nearest the river.

He knew exactly who Cooper was, so why the hell was he asking?

Cooper raised an eyebrow. "Uh...yeah?"

Officer Hand cleared his throat, embarrassed. "Hey, Coop. Sorry for the formalities. We just need you to come down to the station, if that's alright. Amelia here?"

Cooper blinked stupidly. "No. She's at work."

"Sheriff will give her a call." The taller of the two—Deputy Pendowski, who lived three doors down from Cooper—gestured for him to step outside. Seeing him brought back unpleasant memories. "If you would come with us."

Cooper looked down at his bare feet. He tried to ignore the pit of nerves gathering in his stomach. "Um. Can I put on some shoes?"

They both glanced down at his feet and then looked at each other. Officer Hand said gruffly, "Go ahead, kid. And a jacket, too. Could catch your death out here in this cold."

Cooper nodded and shuffled to his room. Vincent was sitting upright now, watching him with wide eyes. "Coop? What's going on?"

Deputy Pendowski answered for him, sounding surprised. "Townson! How are you, kid? Great game against the Yellow Jackets. I tell you what—"

Cooper shoved on his tennis shoes and threw on a hoodie, numb. All he could think was that he was about to be thrown in a jail cell again, and he had absolutely no idea why. He ran a hand through his hair—he really needed a haircut—and tucked it into a ball cap. He didn't bother putting on sweatpants. His gym shorts would be fine.

again, He needed the cold air against his legs. Something to wake him up from the shock he was in now.

Vincent stood when Cooper came out of his room, eyes filled with worry. "Want me to call your mom?"



"Yeah. Please." Cooper followed the cops outside. He looked back at Vincent, unable to conceal his fear. "Tell her to come soon?"

"Will do, man." Vincent stood in the doorway, watching as his friend crawled into the back of a police cruiser. They didn't bother turning on the lights or the siren, for which Cooper was grateful.

No need to make this more miserable than it already was.

"Sorry 'bout this, kid," Deputy Pendowski said from the passenger seat, glancing back at Cooper in the rearview mirror. He rubbed his short mustache and chuckled sheepishly. "It's really just a formality, I swear. Got some questions that need answering."

"This isn't my first rodeo," Cooper muttered, which made Officer Hand laugh.

The ride to the station was short. Once they pulled into a space they helped Cooper out of the backseat and guided him to the front door, walking on either side of him. No matter what they said about formalities and questions , he felt an awful lot like a suspect.

formalities questions The station was small and grey, and not quite as Cooper remembered from the night of the Halloween party. It was less crowded, for one. The front desk, situated directly in front of the entrance, was unmanned. A dying plant sat in the corner, practically begging for water.

Deputy Pendowski led Cooper past the front desk to the bullpen. An array of desks dominated the space, each covered with files and paperwork. Deputy Pendowski pulled up a chair for Cooper and offered him a glass of water, which he gladly took—and then instantly regretted, the urge to pee overwhelming.

Windows lined the wall to his right, though the dingy blinds were shuttered to block out the afternoon sun; light still managed to slant through, casting a glow on the linoleum floor. Two private offices—their doors closed and blinds drawn—sat toward the back of the building. One of the officers meandered over to rap on the left door.

Cooper looked away, not wanting to come off as overly suspicious. His eyes automatically wandered to the hallway on his left. He knew it well. He wondered if he would be taken back there again—back to that cell.

"Daniels?"

Cooper turned around, swiveling in his chair. He was surprised to see Ryan Kane sitting at the desk behind his, half-hidden behind a large desktop computer and a stack of files, looking like he'd just rolled out of bed in sweatpants and a wrinkled t-shirt. Ryan pushed his chair away from the desk, clutching an empty cup of water.

This feels familiar. Same suspects. Different murder.

This feels familiar. Same suspects. Different murder. "Ryan? Hey." Cooper adjusted his ball cap, fighting the urge to rip it off and run a hand through his hair. "What are you doing here?"

"Same as you, I guess." Ryan shrugged, lifting the cup to his lips before realizing it was empty. He set it down on the desk and sighed, running a hand over his head. He'd buzzed off his thick black hair last year, devastating half of the female population at Greenwitch High.

He was one of those guys who had hit puberty in middle school—tall, built, the kind of kid who could pass for eighteen and frequently took advantage of that fact, sneaking cigarettes and tobacco at the gas station.

Meanwhile, Cooper felt like he'd be stuck in this awkward, gangly body for the rest of his life. If he buzzed his head, he'd look like a creep.

his That was the last thing he needed in this town.

Cooper's phone vibrated. He quickly fished it out of his pocket. It had to be his mom—



"Sorry, Coop." Deputy Pendowski approached, a plastic bag in hand and a latex glove on the other. "I'm gonna need to see that phone."

Cooper hesitated, phone half-extended to the deputy, who smiled apologetically.

"We got a warrant for that. Gotta check everyone's phone who was with Rachel the night she died. You understand, right Coop?"

Cooper sighed, still apprehensive, but surrendered his phone anyway. "Okay."

Deputy Pendowski smiled, his mustache twitching, and lumbered down the hallway, disappearing around the corner. Officer Hand sat behind the front desk, leaning on his elbows. Another man Cooper didn't recognize—somewhere in his mid-forties—sat behind the desk across from his, wearing a suit instead of a uniform, a coat thrown over the back of his chair and his sleeves rolled up to his elbows. A detective's badge was hooked on his belt, gleaming dully in a bar of afternoon sunlight.

"Hey." Ryan tapped his feet against the floor, anxious. "Any idea what's going on?"

"Nope." Cooper shrugged, heart hammering in his chest. "Kinda wanted to avoid this place for the rest of my life, y'know?"

Ryan grimaced and nodded. "We've really got to stop meeting like this."

Cooper grinned, despite the circumstances. He liked Ryan. He had no reason to. The guy had been chummy with Jacob, and he hadn't exactly stood up for Cooper when Jacob had beaten him within an inch of his life. But there was something so... sincere about the guy. Like a dog that had been kicked too many times and had grown mean because of it—but was still good at his core.

sincere Besides. Who was Cooper to judge? He was the one giving a psychopath free reign to track down and murder another killer. He didn't exactly have a moral high ground to stand on.

Then again, he thought, trying not to stare at Ryan's profile for too long, for fear that the other boy would begin to notice something suspicious in the way he watched him. It's my neck on the line. If there's a chance Ryan is the killer...

Then again, It's my neck on the line. If there's a chance Ryan is the killer... "Cooper Daniels?"

Cooper looked up to see a tired-looking man in his thirties standing beside his desk. He wore a grey suit and had the hair to match, a silver badge clipped to his belt. He held a bottle of water in one hand and a notepad and pen in the other.

Behind him, being led to the front desk by Deputy Pendowski, was Calla. She made eye contact with him as she went past, but the mask she wore—grief, tinged with confusion—never cracked.

What the hell is going on, Cooper thought, panicked. He tried not to let that panic show, tried to channel whatever inner reservoir of creepy calm that Calla tapped into so easily.

What the hell is going on, But he didn't have an inner reservoir of calm. He rubbed his palms nervously against his shorts, glancing back up at the man in the suit. "Yes?"

"If you'll come with me." He gestured for Cooper to follow him and, after a moment's hesitation, he did. Cooper sent Ryan a questioning look, but the other boy just shrugged, his feet still bouncing wildly on the floor.

A look over his shoulder told him that Calla had already disappeared. He would get no help from her. Whatever this was, he was going in completely unprepared.

"Sorry for all this," the man began, looking back at Cooper. He took a left at the end of the hall. Rather than proceeding straight back to the cells, he opened a door on the right. "I'm Detective Schuster, by the way."



"Hey," Cooper replied dully, slipping inside the small room. It was brightly lit, and he blinked a few times to clear his vision. A rectangular wooden table sat in the center of the room, occupying most of the space. One chair sat on the far side of the table, while two others were positioned closest to the door.

"Well. I suppose I should start with the good news." Detective Schuster gestured for Cooper to sit in the chair furthest from the door. Cooper did so warily, eyes trained on his reflection in the one-way glass.

An interrogation room? Why the hell was he being interrogated? What happened to formalities ?

formalities "Good news?" Cooper repeated quietly, tapping one foot against the floor. He really needed to pee.

really The detective sat across from him. He smiled and spread his hands. "You didn't kill Rachel Smith."

Cooper nearly choked on his own spit. He coughed to hide his shock.

The detective took a swig from his water bottle and then sighed. "Anyway. That's the good news. The bad news? A girl is dead. And you were that girl's date to the dance."

Cooper flushed. "I..."

"I know, kid. She was a pretty girl. Nice. And let me be the first to say—you aren't in any kind of trouble. We really just need some help here." He scratched behind his ear with his pen. Up close, the detective looked even more exhausted, the circles under his eyes more pronounced. "Unfortunately, Greenwitch is a small town. Your school is...well, old. Outdated. The cameras that work have no line of sight. Or they're busted."

The last part was added as a low grumble. Cooper realized whoever this guy was, he wasn't from Greenwitch. Maybe he was from a neighboring county, or even Raleigh. An outside man working a small town gig that had suddenly turned into regional news.

"All we know," Detective Shuster continued, "is that no one left the school until 10:30. Rachel was still alive then, according to eye witnesses." He raised an eyebrow. "Can you confirm that?"

Cooper stared down at the table. Calla hadn't told him what to do if the police came asking questions. She'd probably want him to keep quiet. Lay low. Keep his mouth shut.

But that wasn't going to get him any answers.

Cooper placed his hands on the table and fidgeted with his fingers. "I wasn't keeping track of time," he admitted.

The detective nodded. "Understandable. But anything will help us, Coop. Do you remember checking your phone at all?"

anything Coop. The guy talked to him like he knew him.

Coop. Cooper contemplated the question. Remnants of that night—hazy memories of dancing and kissing behind the bleachers and cracking lame jokes—drifted through his mind.

"We were with a big group," he said slowly, furrowing his brow. He rattled off a few names, just for the sake of being thorough. "At some point I went back to our table. I wanted to check my phone. Rachel found me, said something about the bathroom. It was definitely past eleven. So I guess, yeah. She was still fine."

She was alive.

She was alive. The detective nodded, clicking his pen and jotting down a note on his legal pad. He glanced back up at Cooper. "Is it safe to say that, while you were on your phone, Rachel was murdered?"

Cooper looked back down at the table, miserable. "Yes."

"And how long do you think you were there, waiting for Rachel to come back?"



He shrugged, rubbing his forehead. "I dunno. A long time. I remember wondering where she was."

"And?"

"And then Calla came over." He sighed. "Calla Parker. She's her best friend. Was her best friend."

Was "What did Calla want?"

"She was looking for Rachel. Stephanie came up to us at some point. She was looking for Jessica."

"Sneider?"

Cooper nodded.

The detective contemplated him for a second. He made no move to jot down the name, the pen hovering in the air.

After a minute or so had passed, the detective asked, "A few students told us you and Ms. Parker ran for the bathrooms. Why the hurry?"

ran Cooper shrugged, ignoring the rushing in his ears. He couldn't say anything about the note they'd found in Rachel's purse. That much he knew for certain. "I dunno. Neither of us had seen Rachel, and it was getting late, and just...I guess we had a bad feeling? We were both worried." He paused. "I'm the one who found Tracy. Kinda made me paranoid, I guess."

"I can imagine," the detective murmured. This time, he jotted down a note. And then he cleared his throat. "These questions are very important, Cooper. You see, without any cameras, all we have to go on is testimony. What people saw. What people didn't see. That's why we brought you in today. We're just trying to get a clearer picture of what happened."

Cooper nodded.

"Now," the detective continued, setting down his pen and leaning forward. "We have several witnesses who claim they saw you on your phone, right around the time you said Rachel left to use the bathroom. It was late. Kids were drinking." He smiled at Cooper's guilty face. "Yes, we're aware there was alcohol going around. Among other things. That can make it hard to pinpoint exactly what happened and when. But a chaperone for the event confirmed what you just told us. A miss..." he glanced down at his notes. "Esperanza, I believe. She distinctly remembers seeing you in the timeframe that we believe Rachel was killed."

Cooper could have sighed with relief, even despite the morbidity of the conversation. He wasn't exactly the most noticeable kid in school, so it brought him some comfort that he wasn't totally invisible. Perks of bringing one of the most popular girls in school to the dance, he supposed.

totally Detective Schuster continued. "But there are some holes. Stories that don't match up. Witnesses with conflicting testimony. You see, we have a fairly solid idea of where most of your classmates were and when." He leaned back in his seat. " Most of your classmates. We just need...some clarification, you could say."

Most The door opened, and the man from before—the one with the sandy hair that had been sitting across from Cooper in the main area—came in. He smiled kindly down at him, and something about it sent a flicker of recognition through Cooper.

Michaels. This was Cory's father.

Michaels. He handed Detective Schuster a folder with barely a word, pulling out the only empty chair left in the room. He sat with his hands clasped on the table, his eyes scrutinizing every movement Cooper made.

He'd never had to pee more in his entire life.

Detective Schuster set the file on the table and opened it. He carefully produced six pictures, lining them up in a row in front of Cooper, who stared at them in disbelief.

Six familiar faces stared back at him, pulled from this year's set of yearbook photos.

Detective Schuster tapped the corner of each photograph. He was looking at Cooper intently now, eyes never wavering from his face. "Do you recognize these six people?"

Cooper swallowed audibly, the sound like a gunshot in the silent room. "Yes."

Six bright, smiling faces. He knew those faces. He knew them well. Cooper had grown up with these people. As children they'd run around the playground together, seeing how far they could go, how high they could jump. And then—when he grew up and the social hierarchy was established, leaving him solidly on the outs—he'd watched them from afar, occasionally making awkward small talk at parties Vincent dragged him to.

well. No matter how distant, no matter how strained, these people were a part of him—were a part of his life. So he could think of no reason Detective Schuster would show him these pictures.

No reason except one.

Stories that don't match up, the detective had told him. Witnesses with conflicting testimony.

Stories that don't match up, Witnesses with conflicting testimony. Cooper knew what that meant. Someone was lying. Someone was lying, and the authorities had figured it out. They didn't have the answer—but they were getting closer.

A girl is dead.

A girl is dead. He stared at the pictures, their faces so familiar, and he didn't feel any fear. No. For once, Cooper was not afraid.

He was angry.

The detective hadn't said what those pictures meant. He didn't have to. Cooper knew from the moment they hit the table what it meant. What it really meant.

really One of them was a killer.





18: To Catch a Killer


I'm Death, and I make all equal.

I'm Death, and I make all equal. Death. An accurate analogy, considering that Calla had a tendency to destroy those in her path.

She had no evidence to suspect that the analogy was meant for her. The killer could just as easily be referring to himself—a god living amongst men. An equalizer. A punisher.

But something about the murders felt familiar. Perhaps because, as she suspected, she had been the one to kill Tracy Smith, and each murder that had followed traced her pattern with eerie accuracy. If her theory was correct, this killer—this god, this equalizer, this punisher—had meant for these deaths to impact her in some way. A scare tactic. A warning. A sign. She couldn't be sure.

She couldn't even be sure of her own motives. She would catch this killer, yes. But would it be for revenge. Or morbid self-indulgence?

Calla ran from the downtown station with newfound purpose, setting a brisk pace—a tempo that she'd perfected only last year, Coach always reminding her to breathe, Parker, breathe . So she did just that. Her breath came out in small puffs, her lungs burning from the cold. She pulled her hands inside the sleeves of her maroon pullover to keep them warm. In her right she held a key—Rachel's key. The one she'd given her two years ago as an open invitation to come over whenever she felt like escaping reality or venting about a particularly horrendous day in chemistry.

breathe, Parker, breathe Breathe in. Breathe out. Cory's house wasn't much farther.

She had no idea if he was even home. But the interrogation she'd just endured had awakened something. The fury that had been simmering in her core since Rachel's death was growing larger, an inferno—now nearly impossible to contain. It felt like a wild beast caged in her belly, clawing desperately against the lining of her stomach, ripping her apart from the inside in a bid for freedom.

She didn't know how to banish the beast. She didn't know if she could.

could. Did she even want to?

She'd thought about waiting for Cooper outside of the station, to pick his brain for anything and everything he'd learned. But that would be foolish. There were too many eyes watching them there, too many questions that would be asked if they were seen leaving together, sharing whispers. Calla needed to stay far away from Cooper, at least for today.

Besides, there were other, far more important fish to fry. The interrogation had given her just one lead, and that lead was Jessica Sneider.

What do you know about Rachel and Jessica's relationship? Detective Schuster had asked her, sliding Rachel's phone—unmistakably hers, the case marbled with pink, white and gold—across the table. She'd spent what felt like hours staring at the series of texts pulled up on the screen, analyzing the furious exchange of words between the two girls.

What do you know about Rachel and Jessica's relationship? We got in a fight, Rachel had told her that fateful night, staring down at her impossibly high heels. I'd rather avoid her if we can.

We got in a fight, I'd rather avoid her if we can. Motive. Jessica Sneider had motive.

She'd told the detective as much. Why lie? Jessica and Rachel had fought, yes. No, she had no idea why—not until now. Yes, the two had been on the same cheer squad since the fourth grade. And yes, Jessica had shared the spotlight of co-captain with first Tracy Smith and then, upon her death, Rachel Smith.

And yes, Detective. Both girls are now, conveniently, dead. Step right up, Captain Sneider.

And yes, Detective. Both girls are now, conveniently, dead. Step right up, Captain Sneider. Calla resisted the urge to take a right at Cherry Street. Instead she sprinted forward, angling away from Jessica's house—and away from the murder she would doubtless commit if she showed up at her front door. She fought temptation every step of the way. But the closer she drew to Cory's neighborhood, the easier it became. Her furious thoughts began to clear. Reason stepped in.



Reason and calculation.

She paused at the gate that led into Cory's neighborhood, bracing her hands on her knees to catch her breath. The neighborhood was relatively new, much of it still under construction. His house was the first on the left, a two-story brick building that was made to look historic despite the fact that there was nothing historic about it. There was even a little chimney peeking from the roof, though no smoke funneled through. She wondered if it had ever been used, or if—much like the rest of the house—it was just a quaint little lie.

Once she felt sure she didn't look like she'd just run a mile and a half, she slipped through the opening between the two gates. Keeping her pace measured, she approached his house and took the front steps two at a time. She took in one final, steadying breath.

Breathe, Parker. Breathe.

Breathe, Parker. Breathe. She used the brass knocker to announce her arrival. Realizing she still had Rachel's key in her hand, she quickly tucked it into her back pocket, out of sight.

Much to her relief, Cory answered the door. He wore grey sweatpants and nothing else, his blonde hair disheveled and eyes heavy with sleep, as if he'd just woken from an afternoon nap.

They stared at each other in surprise. Cory blushed, running his hands quickly through his hair, trying to tame it. "Calla!"

"Hi." She cleared her throat, hoping the cold air had brought enough color to her cheeks to pass as a blush. "I'm sorry. I really...I should have called." She took a step back, half-turning back to the road. "I was just at the station, and...I don't know. I'll call you tomorrow?"

"No, wait! Stay." Cory stepped aside, shivering in the cold air. "My dad told me it was a busy day at the station, but I had no idea why. Are you okay?"

Calla accepted his offer and stepped over the threshold. She was greeted by an empty living room, devoid of the usual homey decor that permeated houses. There were no candles, no plants, no rugs on the cold wooden floors and no pictures on the walls. A black couch and matching chair dominated the space, both facing a stone fireplace and a massive HD television mounted above it, playing a nature documentary in the background. There wasn't even a coffee table; just two small end tables, mismatched, a lamp on one and a stack of magazines on the other.

"I'm...honestly? I'm not so great," Calla admitted, wrapping her arms around herself. "Really, I can come back some other time if now isn't—"

"Calla." He closed the door behind him, leaning against it. He gave her a soft smile. "It's okay, I swear. I'm just sorry you're going through all of this."

She shrugged, not meeting his gaze.

"Here. Wanna sit?" he padded over to the couch and shoved a blanket to the side, making room.

"Sure. Thanks." She took a seat beside him, slipping off her tennis shoes and folding her legs under her.

He turned toward her and then, realizing he was still shirtless, dug through the blanket he'd tossed aside until he found a t-shirt buried within. As he pulled the shirt over his head he asked, "Do you want to talk about it?"

" Can I talk about it?" she asked jokingly. "You are a detective's son, after all. Isn't that, like, a breach of some vague law written somewhere?"

Can "Not like my dad has to find out you talked to me about it," he said suggestively, adjusting his shirt so it covered his abdomen.

A shame. One of the only interesting things about Cory was his body.



"I guess not," she mused, secretly pleased.

She laid her hands in her lap, fiddling absentmindedly with the sleeves of her pullover. Cory put one of his hands over hers in what she guessed to be a gesture of comfort. "I am sorry, Calla. We don't have to talk about it."

am "I want to talk about it," she insisted, which was true. "Because no one else will. Everyone's treating me like I'm made of glass. And then today, it's just...one damn thing after another. First it's Jessica, and then it's the drug ring—"

"Back up." Cory held up his other hand. "Drug ring?"

"It's a lot to unpack," she warned him, wrapping her fingers around his. She glanced down at their intertwined hands.

Play the part, she told herself. Just play the part.

Play the part, Just play the part. He squeezed her fingers. "I'm listening. Pro-listener, remember?"

Calla smiled, but it quickly fell. She decided to start with a snippet of truth: "I thought Rachel told me everything. Everything . But today, at the station..."

Everything She hesitated, looking up at Cory through her lashes.

He gave her an encouraging nod, urging her to continue. His thumb traced circles on the back of her hand, no doubt in an effort to be soothing. If anything, it was distracting. And not in the exciting way that made her heart race and fire burn through her veins.

"I was with Detective Schuster," she explained. "Before your dad came in. They had Rachel's phone. And they were asking me...questions."

Cory pieced it together. He sat up straighter. "Questions about Jessica?"

"Yeah," she murmured. "Apparently she got into it with Rachel. I never knew."

A lie. But a very, very small one in comparison to the fibs she'd been tangled in as of late. Calla had known about the fight; she just hadn't been clued in as to who the fight had been about.

"What kind of fight was this?" Cory asked, putting two and two together. "You don't think...?"

"That she could have killed Rachel?" Calla asked, looking up at him. "I don't know. But the fight was pretty serious. Jessica found out about Astrid and Vincent..."

Calla trailed off, as if she'd just been caught saying more than she should have. Cory smirked and sat back, keeping a resolute hold on her hand. "I already know about that."

"Who doesn't?" Calla muttered, rolling her eyes.

"Gareth, apparently."

They both grinned at that. Calla shook her head. "Neither did Jess. And once she found out...I guess it pissed her off, the whole me taking him to the dance thing," she explained, letting an ounce of guilt seep into her words. "I never should have taken him."

Cory tried to hide a smile and failed. She pretended not to notice.

"Let me guess," he interjected, analyzing their intertwined fingers. "Jess defended Astrid. And she got annoyed when Rachel told her to screw off?"

"That's a pretty good summary," Calla conceded. "Rach thought Jess was being a hypocrite. Astrid's got a boyfriend. And Jess has cheated on Mike...thirteen thousand times?"

Cory scoffed. "Give or take a few hundred, yeah."

Calla couldn't muster a smile. She envisioned Rachel bent over her phone, tears in her eyes as she took Jessica's verbal abuse. She'd defended Calla every step of the way, never faltering. Not even when things got ugly.



You're a bitch, Rach. And so is karma.

You're a bitch, Rach. And so is karma. Jessica's last text. Rachel had allowed her the final say—a far more final say than she'd bargained for. And now, Calla couldn't help but wonder.

Had her selfish decisions gotten Rachel killed?

"So," Cory started, his voice speculative as his amusement faded. "Is that what you think happened? Jess killed her over some stupid girl fight?"

"I don't know," Calla admitted with a sigh. "But it's possible."

Possible. But not probable.

After all, what motive did Jessica possess to murder Jacob? Could she logically take down someone twice her size? Calla seriously doubted it. Besides, Jessica had a tendency for the dramatic. She'd drifted in and out of scuffles with those in her closest circle for years.

Whatever the case, she'd managed to cast herself in a shadow of doubt. That alone was enough to pique Calla's interest. The beast inside her purred, itching to be released. To punish.

"Answer me this." Cory squeezed her hand, shaking her from her thoughts. "What the hell does Jessica Sneider have to do with a drug ring?"

Calla could have laughed. She'd almost forgotten about the secondary reason for her visit to the station.

"Right. The drug ring," she groaned, leaning back against the couch. The position brought her closer to Cory—a slight but noticeable shift. Her knee now brushed his thigh. "As if my day hasn't been screwed enough."

"Care to elaborate?" he hedged, an edge to his voice.

Calla glanced up at him. And then she narrowed her eyes, taking in the uneasy set to his mouth. "Have you already heard about this?"

"A drug ring ? Not so much. A drug dealer ..." He shrugged. "Why?"

ring dealer "Your dad. That's why."

"Are you implying that my father is Pablo Escobar?"

Calla smacked his shoulder. "Be serious!"

He grinned. "I am. You're just being vague."

am. "Your dad asked me about drugs going around at the dance." She enunciated each word carefully, just to spite him. "Asking me if I knew any dealers. Dealers, plural."

Dealers, "Drug ring," Cory concluded, nodding once. "Right. Well. I don't know about all that. But if you're asking me about a dealer..." He chewed his bottom lip before blurting out a name: "Jacob Stein."

that. "No." Calla leaned back, genuinely surprised. "He dealt ? Dealt what?"

dealt The news jogged a not-so-distant memory. Cooper on the pavement. Jacob towering over her, his face red with fury. And then that same face turning pale as a sheet when her accusation came.

For all I know, you killed her, she'd sneered. Come to think of it, I don't remember seeing you at the funeral. Guilty conscience, maybe?

For all I know, you killed her, Come to think of it, I don't remember seeing you at the funeral. Guilty conscience, maybe? What did you say? He'd asked, breathless. What do you know?

What did you say? What do you know? Dealing. Jacob hadn't been guilty of murder. But he had been out doing business.

had Cory adjusted his hand so that their fingers fit together more comfortably. "Weed. Some wax. He wasn't exactly Wolf of Wall Street material."

"Your dad told you all of this?" she asked, suspicious now. "My mom barely tells me when she's heading to work."

She made a point to lean forward, their faces closer than before. She hoped she wasn't being too obvious. But it was time to make her move. If Calla was going to be in Cory's good graces—which she needed to be if she was going to use him to get to his father and, hopefully, find even a shred of helpful evidence—she had to put forward a little effort.

too

A risk. Maybe his father didn't have access to the information she needed. But the potential reward far outweighed the what-ifs, especially since Cory's intel had, thus far, been useful.

Cory seemed hyperaware of the change, thrilled by their proximity. He smiled down at her. "He didn't tell me. Not exactly. He just leaves his office unlocked from time to time."

exactly. "You sly fox." Calla grinned. "You're a thief. "

thief. He pulled an affronted face. "I'm just an admirer of hard to obtain information, thank you very much."

"Hard to obtain." Calla scoffed. "You're impossible."

He turned so that their noses were almost brushing. His eyes drifted down to her lips.

Time to make your move, Calla.

Time to make your move, Calla. "I really am sorry," she murmured.

"About what?" he whispered, his grip on her too tight, fearing she might turn away and break the spell he was under—the same spell she was pretending to be under.

pretending "About letting Stephanie ask you to the dance before I could." She shifted closer, her hand moving to his chest. "Could we just...not talk about the heavy stuff anymore? Just for a little while."

Cory took that as his sign. He leaned forward, perhaps too eagerly, and kissed her. It wasn't the soft brushing of lips she'd experienced when Vincent had first kissed her—easing into one another before the fire consumed them. This kiss was more insistent, Cory's mouth hard against hers, demanding.

She let him take the lead. He grabbed the back of her neck with his free hand and she leaned into his touch, allowing him to pull her closer. His erratic breathing filled the room, his skin hot—too hot. She wanted to pull away but didn't, doing her best to match his passion.

Inside, she felt nothing. Not so much as a spark.

He broke the kiss, breathing heavily. He leaned back so he could look at her, his eyes alight with desire.

"I don't want to do anything you don't want to do," he murmured, his hand hovering over her hip. Ready and willing to roam over every inch of her.

She smiled and leaned in to kiss him again. This kiss was softer, lingering. When she pulled away he smiled back at her, opening his mouth to say something—

The lock on the front door clicked and they jumped apart, ending up on opposite ends of the couch. They both looked up as Cory's father opened the door and blinked at them, surprised.

"Oh. Hey, Calla." He said her name, but his eyes lingered on his son.

Cory cleared his throat. "We were just about to head out. She didn't have a lift home from the station, so I told her I'd give her a ride."

Yes. Your son would be more than willing to give me a ride, Calla thought to herself, suppressing the fit of giggles that threatened to overcome her.

Yes. Your son would be more than willing to give me a ride, "Good," his father finally said, smiling kindly—the same crooked smile that Cory usually wore. "It's getting dark outside. You shouldn't be walking home alone." The last part he said for her benefit. He headed for the stairs, a leather bag on his shoulder.

I wonder what's in that bag...

I wonder what's in that bag... "I'll go warm up the car," Cory murmured, clearly disappointed by the interruption.

She stood and slipped on her shoes, glancing up at him. An idea struck her. "Mind if I use the bathroom before we leave?"

"'Course. Upstairs, second door on the left."



This is why she'd come over. To get close to Cory, yes. But also to get a job done.

Greenwitch wasn't exactly a functional, well-manned city. The force was understaffed, underfunded, and underprepared for a serial killer wreaking havoc on the town. The dark circles under the eyes of every detective and officer were testament to that.

Men like Gerald Michaels were good at their job because they loved it. And men who loved their jobs often took their work home with them.

He leaves his office unlocked from time to time.

He leaves his office unlocked from time to time. Calla hurried up the stairs, heart hammering in her chest. She hoped to get a better look at where his father might work when he wasn't at the station. Maybe she could pay Cory a visit next week under the pretense of returning his jacket...when his father wasn't returning home from a busy day at the office.

wasn't There were four rooms upstairs. The first was Cory's bedroom, his door left ajar—she spotted his backpack at the foot of the bed—and the second must have been the bathroom. She was about to slip inside when the door at the end of the hallway opened. Cory's father smiled at her as he passed and disappeared back down the stairs, calling for Cory. Something about dinner plans.

She seized the opportunity the moment it presented itself, making a split decision. She had only minutes, if that. But she had to act.

She darted into the room Cory's father had just vacated. It was definitely an office. A desk was pushed against one wall, a bookshelf on the other. A rolling chair had been shoved to the side. The only window in the room was curtained off, closing out the rest of the world.

Calla hurried over to the desk. It was relatively empty, clear of any loose papers. A look inside the drawers produced disappointing results; they were filled with random odds and ends, spare pencils and pens and batteries. The largest drawer held a variety of folders, but the information was personal—birth certificates and awards and insurance papers.

Nothing related to the murders.

On a whim, she rifled through the contents of the leather bag she'd seen Cory's father with. He'd thrown it carelessly on the desk, as if in a hurry to be rid of it. This, at least, was more promising than the rest of her findings. She discovered a variety of reports, all related to Rachel's murder. Most were testimony from witnesses, far too long to sift through at any length. She skimmed each one before moving on to the next, looking for something that could help her now , not later.

now She hated that she was using her bare hands. She could practically see her fingerprints, a dirty stain that polluted everything she touched. But that couldn't be helped. She hadn't come that prepared.

that One relatively thin report—perhaps four or five pages—caught her eye, an image clipped to the upper righthand corner. She recognized the broken, bloody bottle immediately. Without pausing to read the report itself, she took out her phone and took a picture. She would have to dissect everything later.

Knowing she was almost out of time, she shoved the stack of papers back inside the bag, hesitating when her fingers touched the edge of an envelope. She huffed an impatient sigh and glanced behind her.

One quick look.

One quick look. The envelope's seal had already been broken. She reached inside and rifled through a stack of photographs, intrigued. Two images in particular gave her pause. She pulled out the glossy photographs and held them up to the light.

She'd found the missing pages. Jacob Stein's death notes, as Cooper had so aptly called them.

death notes, Running short on time, Calla snapped more pictures of the evidence. She tucked the photographs back where they belonged, taking care to leave everything as she'd found it. Thorough as ever, she slipped out of the office and into the bathroom, flushing the toilet quickly before proceeding down the stairs. She transformed her blank expression into one of sheepishness, walking over to the kitchen counter where Cory sat, his father at the sink.

"I'm ready," she announced.

Cory stood, grabbing his wallet off the counter. "Cool. I'll be right back, Dad."

His father waved a hand. "Alright. Drive safe. It was good to see you, Calla." He paused, as if remembering the events from earlier that day. "And thank you for coming over to the station today. I know how hard it is to keep talking about what happened that night."

It was uncanny, how similar he looked to his son. Besides the grey creeping in around his hairline and the laugh lines fanning out from his eyes, he was the spitting image of Cory. Charming blue eyes and all.

She shrugged. "Just...catch whoever killed her."

So long as you never catch me.



So long as you never catch me.





19: Batman and Robin


Cooper nearly had a heart attack when his phone rang.

He'd been waiting for this call for three days. Three days. That's how long it had been since he'd last seen Calla at the station. Since his interrogation. Since his world had been rocked with the revelation of who the killer might be.

Three days. He hated it, but he understood the radio silence. That was the only reason why he hadn't blown up Calla's phone with a dozen calls already. He may not have been a murder suspect, but he was being watched. Closely. Everyone was.

was But now she was making her move. And he was ready.

He snatched the vibrating phone from the coffee table, half-hanging off the couch when he answered it, breathless. "Hello?"

"Come over. We need to talk. And try to act casual about it, please."

She didn't have to say anything else. Cooper hung up and sprinted to his room. With no real conscious thought, he fell to his knees and yanked the shoebox out from underneath his bed, ripping off the top to expose the array of photographs stowed inside. He shuffled past a dozen images of Calla, ignoring the burn in his face. At last, he found the polaroid he was looking for. On a whim he grabbed a second photo—the one of Ryan and Jacob, stupid grins on both of their faces—before shoving the shoebox back into darkness, burying his secrets.

In his hurry to get dressed, he almost headed out the door in only a hoodie and his boxers. When the cold air hit his legs he yelped and jumped back inside, thankful no one had seen. Or at least, he hoped no one had seen.

hoped Once properly dressed, he practically sprinted to Calla's house. He kept reminding himself to stay calm—to act casual, as Calla had told him to. He was just going to see his neighbor. Say hello. Nothing weird about that, right?

act casual, No. Not at all. Unless you considered discussing murder weird.

weird. He paused at her door, trying to catch his breath. He didn't even have time to ring the doorbell before the door flew open and Calla was there, a look of irritation on her face.

"Do you know what the phrase act casual means?"

act casual He shrugged, his cheeks flushed. He decided to blame it on the cold air.

She rolled her eyes and turned. "Come on, you moron."

Cooper took that as a signal to let himself in. He closed the door behind him and twisted the lock for good measure, glancing around the empty house. The bright afternoon sun filled the space with a warm glow, lighting up the kitchen in brilliant golden beams. Calla rummaged around the cabinets, flitting through the shafts of sunlight, her hair glowing like a flame with each pass.

Cooper hesitantly walked over and took a seat at the circular dining table to watch her. Something about her felt different . Off. He was about to ask what it was when he realized she was wearing her hair down today. The thick curls floated down her back, framing her face.

. "Did you do your hair?" he asked suddenly, surprising himself.

She looked up at him and raised an eyebrow—her usual what the hell are you talking about look.

what the hell are you talking about "Never mind," he muttered, laying his head on his forearms.

He felt like he was going to explode if he didn't tell her what he knew. And soon.

Six names. Six faces. Six suspects.

"One feather is of no use to me," Calla finally said. "I must have the whole bird."



Cooper raised his head and twisted in his chair to face her. She had her back to him, filling two glasses with ice from the refrigerator.

"Sorry?" He cleaned out his ear with his pinky finger. "Come again?"

She poured water in one of the glasses, focused on her task. "It's from Grimm's Fairy Tales . The full excerpt was cut off. Thank God for Google."

Grimm's Fairy Tales It took Cooper's brain a moment to catch up. "You're talking about the missing page. Jacob's death note."

"Correct." She walked over and handed him a glass. He sucked half of it down quickly, shuddering as the icy water hit his throat. " Pages, actually. We were right. The killer left a note in Jacob's locker. And he left a note at the crime scene."

Pages, Calla set her phone down on the counter and slid it in front of him.

"How did you find these," he muttered, analyzing the evidence. The first picture had clearly been taken at the crime scene; the words on the page were barely legible through the massive bloodstain dominating the right side of the page. The second picture took him a moment longer to piece together.

"I went to Cory's place. After the station." Calla pulled out the chair across from his and stared down at her glass, tracing patterns in the condensation with her index finger. "We had a nice...chat. And then I snuck into his dad's office. Goldmine."

"You what ?" Cooper pushed his glass away, alarmed. "What if you'd been caught!"

what She propped her chin in her hand, leaning against the table.

"Well. I wasn't."

"And if you had?" he insisted.

She shrugged. "My problem. Not yours."

He blew out a breath, his eyes falling back down to the evidence on her screen. "So. What am I looking at?"

"Besides the obvious?" She leaned forward and tapped the screen, zooming in on the bloody page. "That's the page the killer left behind at the crime scene. And a duplicate of that page." She swiped across the screen. The second picture appeared. A gloved hand held up a much cleaner, crisper copy of the page, a row of lockers in the background. "Which the killer left in Jacob's locker. As a warning."

"Duplicate?" Cooper swiped back and forth between the images, surprised. "They're identical pages?"

"Not identical." Calla sat back in her chair. She clutched her glass, contemplating the quickly-melting ice inside. "They're from the same book, yes. But not from the same copy. It's not possible." She flicked her fingers in his general direction. "Look at the page left at the crime scene. The edges are gilded."

book, "A special edition, maybe?" he murmured, narrowing his eyes at the screen. His hand went to his pocket, where he'd tucked away the polaroid. He drew it out now and compared it to the image on the screen. Now that he knew what to look for, he could see it: a muted shimmer of gold ran down the edge of the page.

"That's what I think," Calla confirmed. "The killer is using one copy to leave his little..." she trailed off and then smiled. " Death notes. And with the other..."

Death notes. One note to warn. And one note to taunt.

One note to warn. And one note to taunt. Cooper thought back to that horrific night at the Halloween party. He could still smell the bitter aroma of the beer in his hand, could still see the smoke billowing down from the third floor, the fog machine left unattended. He replayed the moment he stumbled over Tracy's body. The realization that his hands were braced against a warm, wet floor—soaked with Tracy's blood .

.

Cooper closed his eyes and ran a hand through his hair—once, twice, three times. "It's looking more and more like the killer stole the first book from the Smith's personal library. So where the hell did the second copy come from?"

"He could already have a copy on hand. Or he could have borrowed it from a more...convenient location."

"The school," Cooper surmised, following her train of thought. "But I already checked the library. I never found the book." He paused. "Which...I guess I wouldn't have. Not if the killer had already checked it out."

Calla smiled. "Bingo."

They stared at each other, eyes lit from the high of their discovery.

"I think it's time we brush up on our reading." Cooper grinned, practically giddy. "But that's not our only lead."

Calla's eyes sharpened, filling with hunger. "What are you saying?"

He leaned forward, ready to burst. "You're not the only one who found something useful last week."

I can pull my own weight. I'm not helpless, he thought, watching her expression change to one of fierce triumph.

I can pull my own weight. I'm not helpless, "Spill," she demanded, tapping her index finger on the tabletop.

It made him nervous. She made him nervous. But the secret he'd been holding inside for three days, utterly consuming him, made it easier to face her.

She "I didn't know why the hell the detective wanted to talk to me," he explained. "Not at first. He kept going on and on about our outdated tech—"

Calla rapped her knuckles against the table. " Focus, Cooper. Let's skip the prologue and get straight to chapter one, yes?"

Focus, "Sorry." He cleared his throat. "Anyway. That's how it all started. But it got better."

"If you don't tell me what— "

what— "Patience is a fucking virtue. Ever heard of that?"

Her eyes narrowed.

Cooper raised his hands, relenting. "Chill. Don't get your murder panties in a wad. Long story short, the detective mentioned something about 'holes'," he quoted with his fingers, "in the stories they'd been told about the night of the gala. Things weren't matching up. So they started asking me about these six people—if I saw them and when and who they were with."

short, Calla went still. Very still. "Who were they, Cooper."

So he told her.

"Ryan Kane." He pulled the second photograph from his pocket and laid it on the table. He ticked the rest of the names off his fingers, one by one. "Jessica Sneider. Gareth Walker. Mike and Blake Richardson. And Astrid Baker."

"Six names. Six prints," she breathed. And then, faster than he could blink, she slammed her hands on the table. Cooper jumped back, startled, as she slid out of her chair and began pacing the kitchen, her hands like iron at her sides.

Ryan. Jessica. Gareth. Mike. Blake. Astrid.

One of them was going to be dead soon. Very soon. And Calla would be the one with her hands around their throat. He watched her pace, a caged beast prowling her perimeter.

Very The thought of Calla's bloody hands had kept Cooper up at night, tossing and turning in bed, plagued by nightmares. It was the same thought that constantly found him on the precipice, torn between wanting to tell the entire town about his neighbor, while simultaneously wanting, needing , to take the secret with him to the grave. Someone he knew was a cold-blooded killer. Someone he knew wanted him dead, the sixth victim in some sick game being played out. And while that was disturbing enough, the one thing that haunted his steps even after he woke wasn't the face of Ryan or Jessica or Gareth or Mike or Blake or Astrid.

needing him

No. It was Calla's face. The caged beast he was unleashing upon one of them.

"The beer bottle."

Her words were unexpected, even more so in the silence that had enveloped the house after Cooper's declaration. He stared at her, wondering if he'd pushed her too far. If, somewhere deep in the recesses of her brain, he had broken some important connection.

She didn't bother looking at him. But she didn't have to. He could feel her fury, could feel her impatience, even from this distance. With each pass—from the kitchen sink and back again—she drew closer, making him flinch.

"The murder weapon," she finally explained. She continued to pace, but her steps were less frenzied, her face relaxing into one of cool concentration. "Do you remember seeing the broken beer bottle that night, when we found Rachel? It had blood all over it. The edges were jagged enough to cut."

To cut flesh and veins. Blood and bone.

To cut flesh and veins. Blood and bone. Cooper only vaguely remembered that night. Horror made his memories fuzzy and uncomfortable. It seemed to be the opposite for her—a great irony, considering how unreliable her memory could be, especially when it mattered. He still couldn't believe she'd entrusted him with the truth. Her memories from the Halloween party were gone. Kaput.

That she'd managed to tell him such a thing, such a weakness, had stunned him to his core.

weakness, But for this night—the night that she'd lost the only true anchor in her life—her recall was flawless. Each detail stood out in razor focus as she described the scene for him.

"It looked like the killer dropped the weapon as soon as the deed was done," she went on. "Sloppy. Someone had peeled the label off the bottle, too. Maybe trying to dispose of prints. A failed attempt."

Six names. Six prints, she'd said.

Six names. Six prints, "I found a report in the detective's office." She didn't look at him as she said this. "They found prints on the bottle. Six separate sets. Not yet identified. But if what you say is true..."

She paused in the middle of the kitchen. He couldn't even be sure she was breathing.

But then she did breathe. A great, heaving sigh. "Tell me everything."

He did so as quickly as he could, afraid to incur her wrath. Don't shoot the messenger. Don't shoot the messenger! "I was confused at first. When they started asking me about those six." He fumbled and then elaborated at her questioning glance. "I mean, they were together. Gareth and Astrid. Mike and Jess. Ryan and Blake had their own dates. I assumed that their group hung out for most of the night."

Don't shoot the messenger. Don't shoot the messenger! She nodded, in agreement with his observation. He could have sang with relief.

Better not push my luck.

Better not push my luck. He spread his hands. "Apparently that wasn't the case. I could tell by the looks on the detectives' faces that something wasn't adding up. They asked me if I'd seen Jess at our table, right around when I went to check my phone. She definitely wasn't there. Questions like that. About if I saw Mike here, or if I saw Blake there. Obvious things, too. Places and times I would have remembered. I don't know, Calla. But it sure as hell sounds like those six were telling very different stories about where they were and what they were doing, which makes no sense."

wasn't very And it's not just about conflicting testimony, he realized, understanding now why she had demanded more from him. It's about the murder weapon, too.

And it's not just about conflicting testimony, It's about the murder weapon, too.

She waited for him to say his thoughts aloud. And so he did. "You think their prints are on the weapon?"

"I do," she said, breaking her silence at last. She walked over to the chair she'd previously occupied, clutching the back of it with hooked fingers. Her eyes were on the table when she said, "I don't think any of those six have an alibi. And you were right. They were together that night. I saw Gareth and Ryan sharing a drink. I would imagine they passed around a beer or two at some point."

were "Which is how everyone's prints ended up on one bottle," he concluded, grim-faced.

She glanced up at him. Her dark eyes were fathomless.

Cooper chewed the bottom of his lip. "It can't be a coincidence. Six names, six prints," he repeated her words, grim. And then he hesitated. "And none of their stories from that night match up. Why lie unless you have something to hide?"

"Exactly." Calla drummed her fingers against the worn wood. And then, very softly, she repeated those six names. Over and over again. Like some terrible, wicked prayer.

After several seconds of this, she pushed away from the chair. Her wild temper had evaporated almost as quickly as it had come. She walked into the living room and, with an almost peaceful expression on her face, she sat on the couch. Cooper hesitated before joining her, sitting as far from her as was physically possible on the relatively small sofa, unsure what to do with his feet or his hands. He tried propping his elbow on the armrest, but it felt unnatural. He shifted positions.

Calla watched his antics with a bored stare. "You done?"

"Shut up," he complained. He settled for clasping his hands in his lap and staring ahead at the TV.

"I need your full, undivided attention," she began, folding her hands together. "Can you manage that?"

"I am full," he said through his teeth, staring at her. Hard. "And I am undivided. Proceed ."

Proceed She pondered him for a moment. And then: "We need to start being very careful. Especially now that we have names. Because whoever it is, they haven't been caught yet. They're smart. Which means they're going to realize, sooner rather than later, what we're up to."

very She didn't sound very pleased about that fact. One side of her mouth turned down and her nose wrinkled, as if she'd tasted something disgusting and was trying to hide it.

"Right. Tread lightly. Check." Cooper drew a checkmark in the air with his finger.

"We also need to get our hands on those autopsy reports."

"Ew?"

"If there's even the slightest chance those reports can give us useful information, we need it."

"Like what?"

She hesitated. Cooper watched her with growing fascination, until she finally said, "The more we know, the better prepared we'll be."

That sounded like the biggest pile of horseshit Cooper had ever heard. He was about to say so when she turned away and directed her attention to the TV, effectively shutting him out. He watched her, unease growing in the pit of his stomach. Something in her expression gave him pause.

Finally, he forced out: "Okay. Autopsy reports. Fine. How do we get them?"

She shrugged. "I'll work on that one. For now...you're friendly with Ryan, aren't you?"

"Friendly is sort of...an exaggeration. You could say that we've bonded in captivity once or twice."

"If you're not friendly, then get friendly. Talk to him. Feel him out. Find out what he was doing at the dance and why the hell the detectives think he's lying about it."



"I'm not exactly an expert manipulator here," he complained, giving her a desperate look. "Don't you have any theories on who it is? We're gonna draw attention if we start asking sketchy-ass questions. And that breaks rule numero uno about being careful."

that "I have a theory or two," Calla admitted, glancing sideways at him. "None of them make sense."

"Well?" he prompted, kicking off his shoes and flexing his toes. "I've got time."

She sighed. "You're a pain in my ass."

He kicked his feet up on the coffee table and folded his hands behind his head, giving her a leisurely smile.

"Fine . " She held up a finger. "Jess. Ryan. Astrid. In that order."

. He lifted a skeptical brow. He couldn't exactly argue with Ryan. But the girls...

She folded her arms. " You wanted to hear my theories. Remember?"

You He held up his hands. "I'm just saying. How many psychotic women can live in one fucking town?" He gestured to where she sat on the other end of the couch, as if to prove a point.

She didn't look offended by the idea. Rather, she seemed to ponder his words, taking the quip far more seriously than he had anticipated. "You're not wrong. It's not exactly common to run into a female serial killer. They're rare." She paused. "Or smarter than their male counterparts."

common Valid point. He waved for her to continue.

"Jess," she started, her voice turning cold and nasty. "I would kill her myself and let us be done with this mess if I could."

He recoiled at the venom in her words. "You really need a therapist."

"She got into it with Rach. Maybe a week before the dance." Calla was relentless in the pursuit of this particular theory. "She said some pretty nasty things. Particularly about how Rach would regret defending me."

"Defending you?" Cooper tried not to sound completely lost. And failed.

She sighed. "Jess defended Astrid. She felt high-and-mighty about me taking Vincent to the dance. She wanted me to back off."

"And Rachel told her to shove it. Okay. I'm caught up." He made another vague gesture. "Please. Continue."

It took her a few seconds longer to compose herself, no doubt imagining all the ways she might hurt him in that moment. "Not to mention...she had to share the spotlight with Tracy as co-captain. And then, again, with Rachel. I bet it got old, splitting the attention fifty-fifty. Jess is older than Rach. It probably rubbed her the wrong way to have to share the title."

again, "Okay." He paused. "So the girl's got motive."

"Ryan." She continued as if he hadn't spoken at all. "Do I even need to go into the details?"

No. She didn't. They'd both seen the guilt-ridden apology written on the back of the photograph left at Jacob's impromptu memorial. Cooper himself had been to the station twice with the guy. It wasn't exactly a marker for guilt—Cooper was proof of that—but it also couldn't be a great sign that the guy kept getting roped into interrogations with the lead detectives on the case.

twice "Case in point," he muttered.

Calla needed no more prompting. She said the last name like a curse. "Astrid."

He grimaced. Out of all the names on the list, hers had cut him the deepest. She'd been the kindest to him over the years. And he practically worshipped her father. He hated to imagine the pain it would cause his biology teacher if he were to discover that his only child had become a ruthless murderer.



Yes. It would cause the man pain. But it would also cause his best friend a deal of pain, too. Vincent's unhealthy obsession with Astrid—to the point that he'd risked a longtime friendship to be with her, however discreetly—could only end badly. This only complicated matters.

Not her, he thought. Let it be anyone but her. Please.

Not her, Let it be anyone but her. Please. "Why do you think it's her?" he asked, trying to keep the panic out of his voice.

Calla shrugged, as if the matter were quite trivial. "She's got some territorial bullshit going on with Vincent. She told me to stay away from him, actually."

"When?" Cooper asked, dumbfounded. He tried to imagine Astrid squaring up with Calla—petite, shy Astrid—and couldn't.

"At Rachel's funeral." She sounded far too casual. "Killing Rachel could have been her idea of sending a message."

Cooper made a noise in the back of his throat. He still didn't want to believe it. "You're telling me Astrid killed Rachel as some kind of vendetta against you ?"

you A note of irritation crept into her voice. "I told you. My theories are watery, at best. But it's not exactly out of the realm of possibility."

"I guess," he conceded, and then frowned. He latched onto a flaw in her reasoning, determined to play devil's advocate. "I'm just trying to picture her offing Jacob...and I can't . She's five foot nothing. C'mon."

can't Calla put a finger to her temple, frustrated—as if she, too, had already tried and failed to imagine the scene he grappled with. She waved her other hand. "Jacob Stein is always the roadblock. Which of the six wanted him dead? And which of the six could actually take him down? There's something we don't know, some underlying motive. That, or this has something to do with a drug deal gone wrong."

"A drug deal?" Cooper lifted a hand. The gears turning in his head came to a grinding halt. "Time out. Explain."

"Long story short," she started, mocking his earlier declaration, "Jacob dealt. Weed, mostly. The detectives asked me about a dealer at the gala. Cory confirmed Jacob had been involved...before his untimely death, anyway. It sounds like someone took over the business. That, or he had a partner. Rach and I walked in on a few seniors doing blow in the bathroom at Trevor's party a while back."

She paused, letting the memory die with her words.

He exhaled. The new information triggered something. He thought back to that day at the station. Detective Schuster's rueful smile. Yes, we're aware there was alcohol going around. Among other things.

Yes, we're aware there was alcohol going around. Among other things. Among other things. Cooper held in a snort. "So someone killed Jacob over, what? A blunt?"

"Doubtful." She rolled her eyes. "But if the detectives are asking, it could tie into the murders."

"Someone is hella salty about their tree," Cooper muttered, still in disbelief. "How the hell are we supposed to find dirt on Jacob? A deal gone wrong, or whatever."

hella deal gone wrong, Calla crossed her arms, staring down at the blanket wrapped around her knees. "I'll work on that, too."

"Meanwhile, I'll just be sitting here like a useless houseplant, awaiting my demise at the hands of a serial killer," he deadpanned, sinking further into the couch.

"I told you." Calla gave him a look. "Talk to Ryan. Until we get some hard proof, or until the killer decides to invite us over for dinner and confess his sins, all we have to go on is a well-educated hunch that six of our classmates are lying liars. And we need to know which lies are the dangerous kind."



Cooper held up his hand, wiggling his fingers. "So. Let me get this straight. I need to break into the yearbook lab's drive to see if Sahein managed to get dirt on anyone. We've got to sweep the library for a very specific book—or find out who the hell has it, if they didn't have their hands on it already. You're going to get your hands on those autopsy reports. And we're, somehow, supposed to figure out why Jacob Stein was such a massive pile of shit, besides the complete and total obvious anger management issues?"

Calla considered him for a moment. And then she shrugged. "Sounds about right."

"Sounds about impossible. And overwhelming. Can we write this down somewhere?"

impossible. "Coop," she said through clenched teeth. "It's logic. We track down and collect evidence. We prove and disprove every theory we can get our hands on. And we nail down the son of a bitch who has the motive to kill our classmates—including you."

logic. "Right. Logic." He tried to hide his expression of pain.

Calla's phone buzzed on the coffee table, startling them both. She leaned forward with a groan. "What now?"

He watched her read the text, a smile slowly spreading across her face.

"What?" he asked, craning his neck.

"We're in luck," she said slowly, her eyes darting across the screen. "Jessica's hosting a memorial for the dead. New Years' Eve."

"Oh. That's morbid." Cooper sat up, trying to look like he knew why, exactly, this was good news. "So...?"

"If I had to guess, all six of our new best friends will be there." Calla pushed the blanket off of her legs and stood, walking toward her room. "We can keep an eye on them. Don't forget—you're still number six on the killer's hit list."

"How could I forget?" he muttered, pushing himself upright and following her. "Wait. Calla?"

He found her in the back of her closet, combing through a rack of sweaters. "What?"

"If I'm cozying up to Ryan, what's your plan?"

Calla picked out a green turtleneck, holding it up to analyze it. "Stephanie."

"Why?"

She shot him a look. "You know why."

The queen of the school yearbook. Knower Of All Things. Yeah. I guess I do know why.

The queen of the school yearbook. Knower Of All Things. Yeah. I guess I do know why. "Right." A moment of silence passed between them. "Calla?"

"Is this what having a child feels like?" she muttered from inside the closet, her back to him.

"How long do you think that note was in Rachel's purse?"

She paused. And then she turned, pinning him with her calculating gaze. "What do you mean?"

"Like..." He made a vague gesture with his hands. "Did someone put the note in her purse at the dance? Or did they somehow—"

Calla frowned, halting his train of thought. "It couldn't have been sooner. She never carries that purse around."

He sat on the edge of her bed, staring at his feet. "But the killer left that page in my locker weeks ago. Why not leave the note in her locker? Like me. Like Jacob."

weeks Calla said nothing. He looked up to find her staring at him, stunned.

"Calla?"

"You're right," she murmured, dropping the sweater on the bed. She surprised him by sitting next to him, their thighs nearly touching. "Shit. You're right."

"The fact that you sound surprised is kind of insulting...but also comforting?"

"Shut up." She raked her hands through her hair.

Cooper ignored her. "So why break the pattern with Rachel? Why slip the note into her purse, knowing she might not find it in time to...I don't know. Realize what's coming? 'Cause that seems to be the killer's goal. To cause panic."

"Good question." Calla assessed him, eyes cold and dark. He looked away, choosing to gaze out of her window rather than face her directly. "Maybe you're an exception. An anomaly. That, or Rachel is."

"What do you mean?"

"Maybe Rachel's death wasn't planned," she murmured, thoughtful. "This killer. Maybe he's got his list of victims all figured out, and Rachel was...an accident? But that doesn't make sense. None of this makes sense."

sense. Cooper sighed, falling back onto the bed. He stared up at the ceiling. "This sucks. Blue's Clues did not prepare me for this."

not "Did you just compare tracking down a serial killer to Blue's Clues?"

"Someone had to."

Calla scoffed and stood, snatching her sweater off the bed and grabbing a pair of jeans from her dresser. She disappeared into the bathroom, muttering under her breath about Blue's Clues and something that sounded an awful lot like just let him die.

just let him die. Cooper propped himself onto his elbows as she came out of the bathroom, her hair held back by a black headband. He blinked. "Where are you going?"

"Dinner. Mother gets off work in thirty minutes."

Mother. She made the word sound so...distant.

Mother. "And you didn't invite me ?" He pretended to be offended.

me "Sorry. Family only for birthdays."

"Oh. It's your mom's birthday?" He sat up, smoothing the uneven bedspread behind him, making sure it was perfect. Obsessive habits die hard.

"No, you idiot. It's my birthday."

my He rolled his eyes. "I'm being serious."

"Yes? So am I."

He looked at her in shock. "Wait. For real? Why is this the first time I'm hearing about it?"

"It's just a birthday." She shrugged, collecting her wallet and phone. "No big deal."

"Oh," he said again, uncertain. What was he supposed to do? He didn't think she'd appreciate a birthday hug.

As if reading his thoughts, she gave him a scathing look. "Don't even think about it."

He followed her out into the living room, where he shoved his shoes back on. "You're a Christmas baby?"

"I am not a Christmas baby. Christmas isn't for another week."

not "You're totally a Christmas baby," he sang, avoiding her hand as she reached out to smack his shoulder. "Okay, okay. Whatever. I just think it's ironic that the Antichrist was born so close to the birth of our Lord and Savior."

"Cooper?"

"Calla?"

"I'm going to kill you in your sleep if you don't get the hell out of my house."

"Do me a favor and make it quick? Smother me with a pillow. Something gentle. I'm fragile."

She gave him a look and, despite his bravado, he hurried outside and slammed the door behind him.





20: New Year, New Me


Ryan Kane.

Jessica Sneider. Gareth Walker. Mike Richardson. Blake Richardson. Astrid Baker.

Calla recited the names in her head as she waited for Cooper in the driveway, her breath drifting lazily in the cold air.

Her phone buzzed. She glanced at it grudgingly, her irritation growing when she saw the name on the screen: Cory Michaels.

Of course it was Cory Michaels.

course He was probably asking if she needed a lift to Jessica's, which was considerate and helpful and annoying in every way. She knew she probably should have accepted his offer...after all, she needed to keep him close. But she didn't have the patience. Just seeing his name pop up on her screen filled her with loathing.

He'd left her alone after their last encounter, giving her space to grieve, to process the new routine of her life sans Rachel. But with school looming around the corner, Cory had apparently determined the time for mourning was passed. He'd redoubled his efforts to see Calla, texting her without fail every morning and night to check in on her. Had her situation been different, she might have been flattered.

But her situation wasn't different. She had better things to do than amuse Cory Michaels with inane conversation about what she was doing and what he was doing and how they could do those things together. But shutting him out entirely wasn't an option, either. She still needed to get her hands on those autopsy reports. And if there was even the slightest chance that manipulating Cory could give her what she needed, she had to do it.

wasn't She just couldn't do it tonight. Her temper was too short. Her nerves too frayed. She wasn't in any state to flirt with anyone, least of all Cory.

Sighing, she typed back a quick response before shoving her phone back in her pocket. She watched impatiently as a red Mustang pulled out of the apartment complex a hundred yards down the road. She tapped her foot once. Twice.

There has to be a way to get those reports, Calla thought, unable to help herself. She thought of little else these days. If they aren't in Cory's house...then they must be at the station.

There has to be a way to get those reports, If they aren't in Cory's house...then they must be at the station. Cooper's obnoxious horn interrupted her train of thought. He threw the car in park in the middle of the road, not bothering to pull into the driveway, and smirked at her through the window. She rolled her eyes and stomped over, ripping open the passenger door.

"I think you're getting more annoying, if that's possible," she snapped, ducking into the car.

"Uh-uh." He held his hand over the seat, blocking her path. "You gotta sit in the back."

She stared at him. The cold air bit at her exposed midriff, causing her to shiver. "The back?"

He fidgeted uncomfortably, wiping his hands on his jeans. "We kinda got another stop to make."

"What stop?"

"Vincent needs a ride."

Calla let out a long sigh, leaning out of the car to lift her face to the inky sky. She closed her eyes. "Cooper."

"I know, I know. It was last minute."

"Let me guess. He was supposed to get a lift from Astrid and she bailed?"

Silence from inside the car. Calla leaned back down to pin Cooper with a look.

"Yeah," he mumbled.

"The same Astrid who may or may not be a serial killer?"

"Even more reason to help him out," Cooper argued, giving her a significant look. He was really fidgeting now, his fingers playing with the buttons of his pullover. "We can't leave those two alone together! I know I said I didn't want you near him, but—"



"Just," she held up a hand, halting his rambling speech, "whatever."

Muttering to herself, she scrambled into the backseat, making a point to shove Cooper's head as she went. She frowned at the cluster of loose papers and empty water bottles at her feet. It might have seemed normal, had Cooper not typically kept his ride so pristine. She glanced up at the rearview mirror, only to find him scowling back at her, as if daring her to comment.

"Your car is a mess," she said brightly, flicking a stray piece of paper into the floor.

He threw the car into drive and they lurched forward. Calla smirked, basking in his annoyance.

Her enjoyment was short-lived. She stared at the empty seat beside her and tried hard to ignore a wave of nostalgia. The last time she'd been back here, she hadn't been alone. She imagined she could still hear Rachel's laughter echoing in the backseat, but her vibrant presence—always so bold, so bright—was missing. She was gone.

You deserve to be happy.

You deserve to be happy. Calla could feel the beast inside clawing further up her belly, into her chest, ripping—

"Hello?"

Calla looked into the rearview mirror. Cooper stared back, one eyebrow raised.

"What?" She kept her voice low and controlled, shoving the beast back down.

"For someone so observant, you can be a shit listener, you know that?" Cooper rolled his eyes and looked back at the road. "I want to rescind my stipulation."

"What?" Calla had no patience for his word games. Not tonight.

"I don't want Vincent near Astrid," he explained. "Not if she's tied to Rachel's death."

Calla frowned. "What do you want me to do about it?"

"I'm just...look, I don't know what happened between you guys—"

"We still need Cory," Calla interrupted. "Vincent is a distraction. I can't play both sides."

"Why do we still need Cory?" he asked, frustrated. "So we can get our hands on autopsy reports we don't really need?"

"And how do you know we don't need them?"

you "How do you know that we do ?" Cooper shot back, exasperated. He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel, taking a hard right. "I'm just saying, you seem a little obsessed about this whole autopsy thing. People are getting their throats slashed. End of story. Goodnight. What else is there?"

do "There could be something we missed." Calla stared straight ahead, refusing to look at his reflection.

"We can solve this thing without autopsy reports," Cooper argued. "We have other leads. Good leads. Besides, if there was anything really that important in a report, don't you think the police would have someone in custody by now?"

without Good Calla clenched her teeth together, fighting the urge to dig her nails into her palms. She tried to keep her expression nonchalant, but something in her eyes and the tense set of her mouth must have given her away. Cooper analyzed her in the rearview and narrowed his eyes, the car slowing to a crawl despite the 35-mile an hour speed limit.

"You don't think those reports will actually help us catch the killer, do you?" he murmured. He pulled the car to a stop on the side of the road, next to a broken down house in desperate need of repairs. "What do you think you'll find in those reports, Calla?"



She looked out of her window, analyzing the house. She did her best to look anywhere but at Cooper's speculative gaze, hoping that by avoiding him, the pieces of the puzzle wouldn't fall into place.

but She wasn't even sure what that puzzle was. She'd hardly dared to think about what she might find in those autopsy reports. She refused to. After all, she knew what they'd find. There would be inconsistencies between the first murder and the second—slight enough to go unnoticed, perhaps passed off as a novice serial killer learning their way around a knife. But significant enough to her, an indicator that she had killed Tracy, and a second killer was now at large, feeding off of the frenzy she'd unwittingly begun.

was. had But what if those reports told a different story? What if there were no inconsistencies?

were A frame job. So unlikely. And yet...

A frame job. So unlikely. And yet... "You're still trying to figure out if you did it," Cooper said slowly, just as the porch lights of the ramshackle house flickered on. He turned in his seat to face her, one hand on the back of the passenger headrest for support. The look on his face was one of shock. "You think...you think there's a chance you didn't kill Tracy? Really a chance? That there's just one killer?"

Really "I don't know," she finally burst out, leaning her head against the window. She stared down at her hands, lying still in her lap. She tried to picture how it might have felt wrapping them around Tracy's throat, tried to bring the memory of her murder to the surface—but there was only the abyss, yawning into darkness.

"I don't know," she said more softly.

They both jumped when the passenger door popped open. Vincent tumbled into the open seat, rocking the car with his bulk. The spicy scent of cologne wafted in after him. "Sorry it took me a minute. My dad is back on his bullshit."

"Um." Cooper fiddled with the radio, glancing back at Calla. "No problem, dude."

"He's such a...ugh!" Vincent kicked the dashboard, eliciting an objection from Cooper.

"Hey!" He swatted Vincent's leg and then rubbed the dash soothingly. "It's okay, baby. He didn't mean it."

Vincent rolled his eyes. "I just want a girl who'll treat me as well as you treat this car. Is that too much to ask?"

Calla snorted, crossing her arms.

"Jesus Chr—" Vincent whipped around, startled. His face flushed when Calla smiled at him. "Oh."

"Hello to you, too." She sank down into her seat, giving Cooper a cursory glance. "Chauffer? May we proceed?"

"Remember to tip your driver," Cooper muttered as he pulled away from the curb.

The rest of the ride was silent save for the radio, which kept going in and out with each new bend in the road. But the silence didn't bother her. It was the smell. Vincent's cologne filled the air, inescapable. She wanted to roll the window down and let the wind carry it away, along with the memories it triggered. Memories of dim hallways and labored breathing. Memories of hands roaming down her back, twining in her hair—

smell. She glanced at the side mirror and caught Vincent looking at her. He smirked, as if he knew exactly what she was thinking about.

Bastard, she thought, just as Cooper pulled into Jessica's crowded driveway.

Bastard, Located in one of the nicer neighborhoods of Greenwitch, Jessica's front lawn was awash in a soft golden glow. Massive bay windows showed a glimpse into a spacious living area. Calla waited impatiently for Vincent to struggle out of the car. She ignored the hand he offered her and slipped out quickly, brushing past him.



He mumbled something under his breath that she couldn't quite catch. She kept walking, arms wrapped around her exposed waist. Cooper trailed behind her, following her lead.

She rang the doorbell, the guys standing vigil on either side. Cold white light spilled onto their heads, bathing them in a fluorescent glow. Calla waved away a moth that flew too close, disgusted.

When the door opened, a satisfied smile spread across Calla's face. "Jessica."

The other girl had gotten her hair done recently. It fell in soft, platinum curls down to her waist. The smile she wore—automatic, the smile of a hostess—fell a bit as she processed who stood at the threshold.

"Calla. Hey." Jessica didn't bother feigning any warmth. Her eyes flashed when she saw who stood over Calla's shoulder.

Calla fought the urge to pop those blue eyes out with her thumb.

If I find out you killed her, she thought, I'll do that and worse to you. So much worse. You'll be begging me to take your eyes once I'm finished.

If I find out you killed her, I'll do that and worse to you. So much worse. You'll be begging me to take your eyes once I'm finished. "Hey, Jess," Vincent greeted cheerfully, which made Calla grind her teeth.

"Hey," Cooper offered. She imagined him playing with the buttons on his shirt and withheld a sigh.

What a trio they made.

"Mind if we come in?" Calla asked. She didn't wait for an answer. Their arms brushed as she slipped inside, too confident to turn away. Jessica stiffened.

But then she stepped aside, a layer of sugar coating her next words. "Sure. Thanks for coming."

She eyed Vincent as he admired the chandelier overhead. A smile—sickly sweet, probably meant to charm but falling just short—lit up her face. She fidgeted with the hem of her dress, ensuring that her skin would be on full display.

Or I'll just rip your eyes out now.

Or I'll just rip your eyes out now. "I'll show you to the kitchen," she sing-songed, lunging forward to grab Vincent by the arm. "Want a drink?"

"Sure," he said easily, shrugging. "Why not?"

She didn't so much as wave as she escorted Vincent further into the house. Her laughter snaked around Calla's throat, restricting her airway.

Cooper walked up to Calla's side and raised a mocking hand. "Oh yeah, sure. I'll take a drink too!" he stage-whispered. "Thanks so much for the offer. You're so generous."

"Bitch," Calla said simply, watching the two disappear around the corner of the living room and into what she presumed was the kitchen.

"Agreed." Cooper didn't look quite so appreciative as he took in the glass chandelier hanging overhead; it lit up the foyer like a star, ostentatious and impossible to ignore. A coat rack hung over the elaborate bench to their left, while posed family portraits—a series of them, each taken at the beach—hung on the wall to their right. Cooper walked to the nearest one and examined it.

"What are you doing?" Calla watched him with a vague sort of annoyance.

"Recon. We should find out more about the suspects."

"We grew up with the suspects, you moron."

up "Yes, but look." He tapped the black and white photo with his hands. "This was Jessica pre-hair dye. Maybe turning into a blonde made her crazy? Could be a lead."

"I hate you now more than ever," Calla decided.

"Kidding." Cooper walked back over to her, shoving his hands in the pockets of his jeans. "Okay. What's the game plan?"



"Don't screw anything up."

He considered that. "Cool. Good game plan."

"Fine." She walked behind him and put her hands on his shoulders, turning his body so that he was now angled toward the love seat on the far side of the living room. They were far enough into the foyer that no one paid them any mind.

She pointed over his shoulder. "Ryan Kane. That's your target."

"Why does that make me sound like an assassin?"

"Cooper."

"Right." He nodded and then frowned, turning his head to look at her. "But he's chilling on the love seat."

"So go chill with him."

"Dude."

"I am not your dude." Calla pushed his back gently. "Go. Make friends. Ask him about the dance."

"How is that subtle?" Cooper hissed, whirling around to face her. He spread his hands theatrically. "Oh, hey man! How's it been? Cool, cool. Have a good time at the dance three weeks ago? Besides the murder thing? 'Cause same . Oh, do you have any drugs on you, by chance?" He gave her a droll stare. "Did I cover all of my bases?"

that same Calla closed her eyes. "One job. This is your one job."

one "Fine," he whined, straightening the collar of his shirt. "What are you gonna do?" He wiggled his fingers at her. "Do some redhead voodoo magic on Jessica?"

you Calla sniffed. "Vincent can keep her company."

"Um. I thought we agreed keeping my best friend away from the potential serial killers was a good idea? That includes Jessica."

away "We didn't agree to jack shit. Besides, at least he can keep her occupied. We can only cover so much ground between the two of us."

Cooper gave her a skeptical look. "You're not jealous? Of him keeping her occupied ?"

keeping her occupied "Please." Calla brushed past him, adjusting the neckline of her sweater so it showed just the right amount of skin. "I have better things to do."

She could have sworn she heard him mutter so does he, apparently, but she decided to ignore him. It was for the best.

so does he, apparently, Jessica's living room wasn't as spacious as either of the Smith residences, but it was large enough to comfortably accommodate a couple dozen bodies, with more spilling into the kitchen and dining area. The lights had been dimmed for a moody effect, and candles flickered on nearly every surface, casting writhing shadows against the walls.

A large sectional dominated most of the living room and sat at least ten people, with several more of Calla's classmates milling around the cobblestone fireplace. Calla scanned the room as subtly as possible, pretending to look for a familiar face, despite the fact that she recognized everyone here.

There were only six faces she was concerned with.

A loud laugh drew her attention back to the kitchen. Vincent and Jessica stood by the fridge, red solo cups in hand. Across from them, on the other side of the granite-top counter, were Gareth and Mike...or maybe it was Blake.

But she didn't think so. There was something in the way his fingers strained around his beer bottle, something about the intense hatred in his eyes as he glowered in Jessica's direction. That had to be Mike.



He took a quick swig from his beer while Gareth grabbed his shoulder, pushing him in the opposite direction—pushing him away from the kitchen. He turned, and Calla frowned as she got a good look at his face. A faded set of bruises ringed his right eye, his busted lip still slightly discolored. And there, hugging his jawline, were more shadows. Faint, but there.

Old bruises, still healing.

Calla glanced back at Jessica, who tossed her hair over her shoulder and laughed at something Vincent said. Her eyes slid back to Mike, but he was tromping off into the dining room with Gareth, the latter's arm slung over his shoulder. He took another swig from his beer.

Calla had to turn away before she shattered something. Or someone.

The broken remnants of a bloody beer bottle flashed in her mind. The injuries on his face—his lip, his eye, his jaw—taunted her.

She whirled around and headed for the patio, in desperate need of fresh air. As she reached the set of heavy double doors, Tom Sahein burst through, blocking her path momentarily. His camera hung around his neck, a permanent fixture that appeared to be a part of the boy's genetic makeup. But otherwise, he looked disheveled. Unkempt. His oversized glasses sat askance on the bridge of his nose, his face flushed. He shot her a look as he stormed past—it faltered somewhat at her narrow-eyed warning—and then was gone, heading for the front door.

Calla had the sudden, wild urge to follow him. Corner him. To pull that camera strap around his neck and watch him choke on it.

Together. Keep it together.

Together. Keep it together. Rather than follow her dark urges, she slipped outside and made a beeline for the darkness, away from the fluorescent lights that illuminated a nearby sitting area. Cushioned furniture had been placed by an outdoor fireplace, which rose into the sky like a great stone pillar. Scents of mint and lavender wafted up her nose. Hanging pots of flowers drifted in a light winter breeze.

A huddle of kids sat by the small fire, but Calla ignored them, instead walking over to the edge of the patio, where the light was weakest. There, three canvas portraits had been propped up on easels, pillars of candles glowing at their base.

The portraits were headshots of Tracy, Jacob, and Rachel. Smaller photographs littered the ground around each portrait, dangerously close to the candles. The scene looked familiar. It reminded her of that day at the locker—the day she'd finally wrung some small truth from Cooper in exchange for her silence.

Tributes, Calla thought, meandering over to Rachel's portrait: a headshot of her laughing. The sun hit the side of her face and illuminated her eyes, casting a warm glow over her skin.

Tributes, At her feet, Calla examined the other pictures, which seemed to have been thrown down without rhyme or reason. Pictures of Rachel with Jessica, with Stephanie, with Mike and Blake and Astrid and her cousin, Tracy. And pictures with others, random snapshots of nights Calla couldn't just now recall. She was surprised to see herself in a few of the pictures, but she supposed it made sense. Calla had been a permanent fixture in Rachel's life, a constant companion. She'd assumed it would always be that way.

She hadn't imagined this.

In place of photographs, some had decided to leave a shooter bottle as tribute. Most were half empty. A taste for the living—and the rest left to the dead.

Pour one out for the long gone, I guess, she mused.

Pour one out for the long gone, I guess, Her humor was short-lived. The longer she stared at Rachel's laughing face, the more her mind drifted to Mike Richardson. She thought of the bruises on his face. She thought of his knuckles, white with strain as they clutched a beer bottle.



In the span of five short minutes, he had become her number one target.

Did you fight back, Rachel? she thought, reaching out to touch the canvas portrait. Her fingers skimmed the cold, rough surface. Was his the last face you ever saw? Did his breath smell like beer? Was that your last experience in this world? Death and beer breath?

Did you fight back, Rachel? Was his the last face you ever saw? Did his breath smell like beer? Was that your last experience in this world? Death and beer breath? Calla didn't want it to be true. And not because she liked Mike. But because she couldn't bear to imagine that those had been Rachel's horrific final moments.

"She'd like that picture," a voice murmured in the darkness.

She turned, annoyed at the interruption. Stephanie stood nearest Tracy's portrait, her arms crossed to ward away the cold. She gave Calla a sad smile, lifting a hand from her arm in an awkward wave.

"Hey." Calla turned back to face Rachel. As an afterthought, she asked, "Where's Jess?"

Stephanie entered her peripheral view. She barely came up to Calla's shoulder, though her dark hair and its wild mass of flyaways gave her a surprising amount of volume. Her furry coat swallowed her frame, the scarf she'd wrapped around her throat burying her in soft layers. Dark, almond-shaped eyes watched Calla carefully, assessing her reaction to the makeshift memorial.

She said nothing, ignoring Calla's question entirely.

"I can't remember if I was there for this," Calla announced, touching the canvas again. Goosebumps had risen on her arms, her neck. She should have layered up. Stephanie had certainly had the right idea. "Maybe I was taking the picture. I feel like I was always with her."

She couldn't remember. This picture would be one of the few things that remained of Rachel in a few years, once more memories began to fade. A remnant of the girl she'd once known.

"Funny how memories work," Stephanie admitted. "I can barely remember what my little brother looked like."

The statement was sudden enough to catch Calla completely off guard. She glanced down at Stephanie, at a loss for words. Grief had never been her specialty. Even now she was uncomfortable with it. Confused by it. "Your brother?"

"He died when I was eight. He was only six." She shrugged, the shoulders of her enormous coat moving with her. "The pictures are all that's left. And weird little snapshots of memory. Like his laugh. Or the way he'd stick his fingers in my ears to annoy me. I used to read him a story before bed. Every single night."

How had Calla not known this? She liked to think herself observant, one who watched but was never watched —Cooper Daniels being the very apparent exception to that rule. Yet here Stephanie Brighton was, a girl she'd known her entire life, someone who'd run in the same social circles for years...and Calla had never known she'd had a brother.

watched Funny how memories work...

Funny how memories work... Calla felt distinctly uncomfortable. The feeling threatened to consume her, to whisk her away into a vast sea of nothingness until she drowned. There was something prowling at the edge of her mind, tapping at the base of her skull.

Tap-tap-tap.

Tap-tap-tap. Somewhere nearby, she swore she heard the sound of someone choking.

"Calla?"

She blinked, and the illusion shattered. The night was silent, save for the whisper of nearby voices.

Calla realized she'd been staring at Stephanie, her expression blank. She quickly gave a small, apologetic smile. "Sorry."

"It's fine. You've gone through a lot these last couple weeks."



"We all have." She shrugged, brushing off Stephanie's sympathy.

"I guess so." She glanced at the picture of Rachel, her expression hardening. "This was supposed to be a memorial for them. " She glanced at the group huddled around the fireplace, their laughter echoing across the patio. "No one's even out here. No one cares."

them. "I don't think that's it." Calla glanced down at the pictures on the ground. Some were close enough to the candles that wax had begun to form on the edges. The shooter bottles glimmered in the light, filled with a variety of amber liquid. "I think it's just...weird. For everyone. It's hard to believe they're gone gone."

gone Stephanie gave her an appreciative look but said nothing, the two standing in silence while the candles continued to flicker and burn in the darkness, casting a faint glow on the portraits of the dead. Calla let her eyes wander to the other two easels. From the angle where she stood, Tracy could have easily been mistaken for Rachel. Her dark hair had been tied back in a high ponytail, a blue bow in her hair; her cheerleading uniform hugged her frame while she smiled at something off-camera.

Jacob's portrait stood in the middle, framed on either side by two of the loveliest girls in Greenwitch County—just as he would have liked it, Calla thought. As vile as he'd been, in this picture he looked no more than a happy, handsome kid. He wasn't in uniform but he was still on the football field, wearing khaki shorts and a polo, football in hand, beaming at the camera as if he'd just heard the funniest joke in the world.

"He got a bad rep," Stephanie murmured, staring at his picture. She looked sad. Sad and guilty. "I said more than a few nasty things about him. But he didn't deserve to die."

No, Calla thought. I suppose not.

No, I suppose not. "I didn't know much about him, to be honest," Calla admitted, shrugging. She wrapped her arms around herself. "Just that he was kind of an ass."

"He had the loudest voice. It made it easy to repeat the ideas of others." Her eyes turned downward. "I guess it doesn't matter now."

A sheep dressed in wolf's clothing. Following the herd.

A sheep dressed in wolf's clothing. Following the herd. Calla wondered if Stephanie's words had anything to do with Jacob's more illicit afterschool activities. She didn't have to wonder for long. Stephanie knew many of the school's secrets. If a drug ring had been operating under the town's nose...

She would have had the inside scoop. Perhaps Jacob had been involved—just not as centrally as Calla had initially assumed. A peripheral player. A soldier following orders.

had I wonder who the commanding officer is?

I wonder who the commanding officer is? A question for another time. The window to ask about the dead boy had closed. The set of Stephanie mouth told her as much.

Time to switch gears.

"Steph," she started tentatively. She didn't want to push the girl farther than she had to. Stephanie could be a useful ally—and a bitter enemy. "I don't know if you know, but...what's up with Jess and Mike? Jess isn't out here with you. But she's not in there with him, either."

him, Stephanie looked up at her, surprised. "What? Why do you ask?"

Another shrug. She pretended to be embarrassed. "Forget I asked."

They stood in silence for another minute—fifty-seven seconds, actually. Behind them, the kids around the fire slowly filed inside, carrying their laughter with them.

"Did you see Mike?" Stephanie murmured, almost too quietly for Calla to make out.

"I think so." Calla paused. "I always get the twins confused."



Stephanie laughed, the sound bitter and cold. "You would have noticed him. The busted lip gives him away."

"That's what I thought I saw," Calla agreed, thinking of the beer bottle pressed to his lips. "He looks like hell."

thought "Yeah." She sighed deeply, her breath fogging in the air. She tilted her head back and closed her eyes. "I can't believe he actually showed up . "

. Calla waited for more of an explanation. When none was forthcoming, she hesitantly tried again. "Are he and Jess...?"

"No. They're done. Mike broke things off at the gala." Stephanie stared at the line of portraits, looking miserable. "And no one's really supposed to know. Except that means everyone knows."

everyone A memory from the night of the dance broke through then, startling Calla with its clarity.

Have you seen Jess? Stephanie, eyes wide as she gripped Calla by the shoulders. She's upset.

Have you seen Jess? She's upset. Calla turned away from the memorial. "What are you telling me, Steph? You don't think Jess...I mean, you don't think she hit Mike , do you?"

, "I've seen her do crazier shit, Calla." She crossed her arms and pulled a sour look. "Trust me. I love her, but she's a lot to handle. And lately..."

She hesitated, as if she didn't want to finish her thought. Calla gave her a look. "Who am I going to tell?" She gestured to Rachel. "My best friend is dead."

Stephanie gave her a pained look. The attempt at levity jostled the truth from her, as expected. "It's not that I don't trust you. It's just...me and Jess have always been so close . And now it's like, we're kinda not? She's been ignoring me all break. She barely tells me anything anymore. But she has plenty of time for Astrid, apparently."

close plenty "Jess better be careful about flirting with her man then," Calla joked. "If Astrid's the new you."

Those words did the trick. Stephanie hid her flinch within the folds of her coat, pulling the thick fur more tightly around her shoulders. "The new me," she muttered. "I guess she is. And after everything I've done for her. Everything, Calla. I kept her secrets. I always kept her secrets!"

Everything, always Stephanie's outburst faded into the darkness. Calla knew any one wrong word would send the other girl scurrying, so she stood there in silence, allowing the confession to do its work.

"Sometimes," Stephanie whispered, sounding close to tears. "Sometimes...I think she did it. I really do." She swallowed audibly, fighting back some emotion that Calla couldn't quite place. "I saw Tracy go upstairs. That night, I mean. Someone followed her up there. It was a girl. I know it was a girl."

know "Steph," Calla warned. The beast inside roared to life.

"It's horrible. I know it's horrible. I didn't tell the detectives," she added quickly, as if to preserve her reputation. I'm no narc. See? "But I know what I saw, Calla."

I'm no narc. See? And I know that it's never that simple. Not with you. Calla put a hand on her shoulder, her fingers disappearing in the thick fur. You'd never walk away without a picture for proof. Show me the money shot, Steph.

And I know that it's never that simple. Not with you. You'd never walk away without a picture for proof. Show me the money shot, Steph. Calla opened her mouth to ask as much— did you get a picture of what you saw? —when Stephanie laughed, the sound shrill and nervous.

did you get a picture of what you saw? "But maybe I'm just...overblowing it," she said quickly, backpedaling. She'd seen something in Calla's face—hunger, perhaps—that dissolved her courage. "Too much alcohol. It could have been anybody."

But it wasn't anybody. It was a girl.

But it wasn't anybody. It was a girl. It was me.

It was me. Or Astrid. Or Jessica. Calla's head swam with possibilities.

"Too much alcohol," Calla finally agreed, sensing that she needed to drop the subject if she wanted to keep Stephanie in her court. "I can see that. I can totally see that."

But she could see more than that. There were so many pieces at play that without a bird's eye view, it would be hard to put it all together. Like a complex puzzle without any end pieces.

more Except Calla had those end pieces. She had six murder suspects and a murder weapon. She knew about Astrid's possessive jealousy over Vincent. She knew about Jessica's fight with Rachel. She knew about the bruises shadowing Mike's face. And she knew, at some point at that dance, Jessica had been missing in action. Missing—and upset.

Something had happened between Mike and Jessica. Something at the dance. Something right before Rachel's gruesome murder. Something that had torn her and Stephanie apart, while simultaneously bringing her closer to Astrid and her toxicity.

Calla imagined Mike pressing a beer to his lips. She imagined him smashing the bottle against the wall and using it to cut Rachel's throat.

Another equally viable scenario played out in her head: Jessica ripping the bottle from Mike's grip and, in her rage, cutting Rachel down while Mike desperately tried to intervene. Had an act of murder torn them apart?

"Promise you won't tell anyone?" Stephanie leaned into Calla's touch, and for a split second she considered grabbing her by the throat and squeezing, just to see how Stephanie—small, fragile, warm Stephanie—would react. The beast inside her belly purred with pleasure, urging her forward, urging her to rip —

rip "I promise," Calla said, forcing the strain out of her voice. She managed a smile.

It wasn't a New Years' resolution she planned on keeping.





21: Psychology 101


"Can you just get in the car? I'm trying to be a gentleman."

"Go be a gentleman somewhere else." Calla made a shooing motion with her hands, thoroughly dismissing him. She stood in the driveway with her backpack slung over one shoulder, a jacket that most definitely did not belong to her draped over her free arm. She'd pulled her long hair into her signature ponytail. He felt almost comforted by the sight.

Almost. There were too many other thoughts vying for his attention. Too many distractions.

Cooper frowned at her from his car, which he'd left idling in the road. "You're blowing me off for Cory Michaels? Calla, the school is five minutes away— "

five minutes away— "And he'll be here in—" she checked her phone, "—two minutes. So scram."

Unbelievable. A month ago he would have wept with joy if Calla Parker had told him to get out of her life. Now he was just...annoyed. And offended.

He drummed his fingers against the steering wheel. Sucking in a deep breath, he did his best to keep an edge out of his voice when he said, "Mom told me to be a good neighbor and give you a lift." He still couldn't believe the words that had left her mouth. She's a good girl. She needs a friend like you. "And we need to talk. About the party."

She's a good girl. She needs a friend like you. "Technically, it was a memorial." She clearly wasn't moved.

Harder to keep the edge out of his words now. " Calla ."

Calla "Later." Her eyes darted along the roadside, scanning for the glint of Cory's silver car.

My later's are numbered! he wanted to shout.

My later's are numbered! "If my mom chews me out for not picking you up, I'm coming for you ." He jabbed his finger in her direction. "Two can play the psycho killer game."

you She gave him a blank look, which he'd grown disturbingly fond of over the past month. It was better than her glare. Or her creepy smile.

Come to think of it, maybe fond wasn't the best word.

fond She shrugged and readjusted her green hoodie. Ignoring him entirely.

"Fine. Whatever. Go make out with Cory." He threw the car in drive and put a hand out the window. He could ignore his death sentence for a few hours. Let the mystery of the Greenwitch Killer rest—for now. "When you come up for a breath, tell him I said hi, will you?"

Calla bent over to scoop up a fistful of gravel from her driveway and Cooper floored it, spraying rocks. She ducked, shielding her face, and he grinned.

She was totally going to get him for that later.

His phone buzzed angrily in the center console and he grabbed it. Who could possibly be calling him right now?

He answered it without checking the caller ID. "Yo."

"Dude. Emergency. Can you grab me?" Vincent's voice on the other end of the line sounded panicked.

"You're lucky I left the house early," Cooper complained, shooting past the school entrance to continue down the back road that would spit him out near Vincent's place.

"My hero. My knight. How shall I reward thee?" Vincent boomed on the other end of the line. When he spoke next, he sounded further away, as if he'd put his phone down. "Sorry. Jess was going to pick me up—"

"Oh, we like Jess now, do we?" Cooper asked dryly, his heartbeat quickening in his chest.

Jess What was with Vincent's taste in women?

with

"It's not like that, man," Vincent complained, the line rattling as he picked the phone back up. His voice came out clearer when he said, "Trust me. Not like that at all. Fake blonde is so not my thing. Well...not anymore."

at all. "Right."

"I'm serious!"

Cooper turned at a bend in the road, pushing the speed limit. "I'm almost to your place. Come outside."

"Thank thee, squire." Vincent hung up before Cooper had a chance to say anything else.

"Weirdo," Cooper muttered, pulling up to the side of the road outside of Vincent's house. Exhaust gathered like low-drifting fog behind his car, idling in the cold winter morning. The pine trees surrounding Vincent's house were wreathed in mist, the sky gloomy with grey clouds that would likely never bother to spout rain.

Vincent came bursting through the front door, though he took care to close the screen door gently behind him, the top half hanging off of its hinge. He kicked a beer can on his path down the walkway, and when he tumbled into Cooper's car he was grinning.

"My man!" He reached over to rub Cooper's head.

Cooper swatted him away. "Off. Off ."

Off Vincent settled back in his seat and grumbled when Cooper told him to buckle up, which he did grudgingly.

"So. Jess?" Cooper asked cagily. He didn't want to know every detail of Vincent's love life, but it was kind of hard not to stick his nose in his friend's business when his current flame could be a serial killer.

want Not that his other options were looking that great, either. Cooper flashed back to Calla's hands around his neck, her knee digging into his back. He shuddered, trying to pass it off as a result of the cold morning.

"For the last time, no. She's Mike's girl." Vincent glanced at him sideways. "And she's totally batshit."

no. "Well, that we can agree on." Cooper tried to keep his voice even. "Why's she offering you rides to school?"

"'Cause my old man won't let me drive the car," Vincent muttered.

"So Jess bailed because...?"

"She didn't bail." Vincent sighed, tugging at his jeans. "I cancelled. Told her I had a ride to school already."

"Oh." Cooper frowned. "Huh."

"I can make good decisions. When I want to." Vincent grinned over at him, running a hand through his still damp hair. "'Sides, I'm not trying to piss off Mikey. I love the guy. And I think I've done enough meddling in other people's relationships, ya know?"

can Cooper shrugged. "They're not together. Technically. But yeah, dude. It's probably best to stay far, far away from her. And Astrid," he added for good measure.

far Vincent grunted. "New year, new me, right? Trying to turn over a new leaf. Tired of being that guy around school."

that guy Cooper took a sharp left into the school parking lot, doing his best to avoid running over a group of freshmen that darted onto the sidewalk. "Good for you, man."

Vincent remained uncharacteristically quiet while Cooper found a parking spot, staring down at his lap, brow furrowed. Cooper jostled him by throwing the car in park. Vincent shook his head and looked up. "Huh?"



"What's up?" Cooper asked, reaching for his bag in the backseat.

Vincent looked back down, picking at a nonexistent crumb on his jeans. "Nothin'."

"That was super convincing. You shoulda signed up for drama class this semester." Cooper settled his bag in his lap and sighed. "Seriously. What's up?"

Vincent fidgeted uncomfortably in his bulky letterman jacket. "You talk to Calla lately?"

Cooper paused. He really had no idea of where this line of questioning was going. How the hell was he supposed to proceed?

"Yeah," he said cautiously. "I mean, we were all just at that party a couple days ago—"

"Not just the party." Vincent frowned in frustration. "I mean, like...do you guys talk ?"

talk Cooper stared at his friend, bewildered. "Not really. I went over to her place once over break to ask her about Rachel, but that was...awkward."

We talked about murder and death and how one of our childhood friends is likely a psychotic, vengeful serial killer. And, oh. Before I forget. Calla is going to kill the killer. Ha-ha! It's the little ironies. Anyway, did you catch the game last night?

We talked about murder and death and how one of our childhood friends is likely a psychotic, vengeful serial killer. And, oh. Before I forget. Calla is going to kill the killer. Ha-ha! It's the little ironies. Anyway, did you catch the game last night? "Oh." Vincent stared ahead, an unreadable look on his face.

Cooper opened his door and stepped out into the cold air, zipping up his jacket and throwing his backpack over his shoulder. After a moment Vincent followed his lead, shouldering his athletic bag, that same distant look on his face.

"At least it's only a half day," Cooper commented as they walked up to the school.

His attempt to change the subject fell flat. Vincent trudged alongside him, his eyes facing forward.

Once they were in the school building they parted ways, heading for their respective homeroom classes. Vincent's sudden gloom bothered Cooper immensely, and it followed him into homeroom. He threw his bag on the floor and sulked, running his fingers through his hair in absentminded one-two-three patterns.

By the end of homeroom, Cooper had his spring semester schedule in hand. He walked back to his locker slowly, going over the schedule again and again, trying to commit it to memory. Around him, friends desperately sought each other out, comparing schedules and either celebrating or bemoaning at the outcome. Cooper pulled out his phone to ask Vincent what his schedule was like, but he hesitated, remembering the look on his face from earlier.

Where the hell had the curiosity about Calla Parker come from? Vincent had only ever expressed interest in her as a means to an end—a distraction. She looked good in a pair of tight jeans, and she had a sense of humor. And that was that.

distraction. Until now. Now, Vincent wanted to know if they talked. Another complication. Another layer to Cooper's ever-growing list of concerns.

talked. He sighed when he turned the corner and saw his locker,. Or rather, who stood beside his locker.

beside Calla smirked at him as he approached. He scowled back at her.

"What," he said through gritted teeth, putting in his locker combination.

She leaned against the locker next to his and produced a sheet of paper, waving it in his direction. "What's your schedule like?"

"With any luck? The total opposite of yours."

She rolled her eyes and, faster than he could blink, snatched the schedule from his hand. She scanned the page with a look of intense concentration.



"Excellent," she announced, shoving the paper into his chest. He caught it with a huff and opened his mouth to protest, but she was already gone, walking down the hall as if they'd never spoken at all.

He watched her go, horrified. He looked between the schedule in his hand and her retreating figure, a sense of dread bubbling in his chest.

"Excellent?" he called, his voice lost in the cacophony of lockers opening and closing. A hundred other conversations drowned out his voice, carrying it away.

Calla didn't so much as look back over her shoulder. In an instant she was gone, her red hair disappearing around the corner.

Cooper shoved his backpack in his locker and groaned, banging his head against the metal. If Calla thought anything about his schedule was excellent, his semester was sure to be a major dumpster fire.

excellent, I'm going to bald prematurely, he decided, trekking dejectedly into his pre-cal class. The room felt too full. Most of his classmates were juniors; their eyes slid over him like an unsightly grease stain. A small cluster of sophomores sat in the back, familiar territory. He took the last open seat, ignoring Venus Upton's distasteful sneer.

I'm going to bald prematurely, It was only once he'd taken his seat that he realized who sat in front of him. The thin shoulders didn't immediately give him away. But the shock of white hair, combined with the thick-rimmed glasses, certainly told him everything he needed to know.

Tom Sahein.

I need to get into the yearbook lab, he remembered, ignoring the teacher's feeble attempts to bring the restless class to order. See what he's seen. It has to be good. Useful, somehow.

I need to get into the yearbook lab, See what he's seen. It has to be good. Useful, somehow. And if not...

Cooper's eyes fell to the camera strap around Tom's neck.

I'll do what I have to do.

I'll do what I have to do. Rather than give in, their teacher—Mr. Hyndale—slugged onward, booting up the screen so that he could broadcast a copy of the syllabus. Most of the juniors kept chatting under their breath. Cooper tried to focus. But try as he might, his mind was elsewhere, sifting through an array of disturbing images. They played like a highlight reel in his head, walking him through the most horrific moments of the last three months.

Tracy's bloody ballerina costume; Calla's black eyes boring into him, her hands twisting around his neck, her breath in his ear as she promised to kill him; Rachel's lips brushing against his, her hands a soft caress in his hair; and Rachel again, this time sprawled out on the linoleum floor, surrounded by a pool of blood growing at an alarming rate.

A new image, one that didn't immediately fit the others, flitted through his mind's eye: Tom Sahein's furious face, his glasses askew as he bolted for the front door, ditching the memorial party hours before anyone else had even thought to leave.

Cooper had almost forgotten about the boy's sudden departure. He'd watched from over Ryan's shoulder as Stephanie drew the freshman aside, her hand a vice around his upper arm. Tom's face had grown progressively darker the longer she spoke, a vein throbbing at his temple. And then he'd shaken her off and made his escape, startling Venus and a handful of others on his way out.

Yearbook drama. It had to be yearbook drama.

The bell startled him from his thoughts. Tom practically sprinted for the door, his bag in hand as he fled. Cooper stood a second too late, disgruntled. And then he followed everyone else out into the hall.

In English II, Cooper felt a wash of relief. Vincent had already claimed a seat in the back of the class. He caught Cooper's eye and brightened, but then hesitated, as if remembering their conversation from earlier.



Cooper didn't let that stop him from claiming the seat in front of him. Vincent gave a strained smile.

The remainder of the class was quiet. Uncomfortable. Cooper sat low in his seat, utterly miserable. Behind him, he imagined Vincent doing the same.

It was only when the bell released them that Cooper realized they were headed in the same direction, still walking in silence.

"Um...world history next?" he asked tentatively, almost dreading the answer.

Vincent hesitated. "Yeah."

They should have been ecstatic. Yet neither of them said another word, trudging to Mr. Cryke's world history class in silence.

Cooper wanted to scream. Then he wondered if Vincent felt the same way.

Vincent's wasn't the only familiar face in that class. When they walked through the door, Cooper spotted Ryan almost immediately, sitting on the far side of the room with a hoodie and shorts on. He hadn't noticed Cooper. He scrolled through social media, his expression one of such supreme boredom that it could have rivaled that of Calla.

The thought of Calla bolstered Cooper's next decision. On a whim, he veered away from the two open spots in the back that he'd initially been aiming for, and instead chose the seat nearest Ryan. He almost collided with Vincent in the process, who grumbled something unintelligible under his breath but took the seat behind him.

It took another few seconds for Vincent to realize why Cooper had suddenly changed course. He relaxed as he caught sight of Ryan. "Oh. Sup, Ryan," he greeted easily, nodding.

"Sup." Ryan barely glanced up from his phone.

"Hey," Cooper offered, trying for nonchalance. He felt acutely aware of the awkward placement of his arms. And his hands. What the hell was he supposed to do with his hands?

Ryan looked up at the sound of his voice. He blinked in surprise—and reluctance. "Coop. Hey."

Ryan Kane. That's your target.

Ryan Kane. That's your target. Funny. Calla had all but forced Cooper to make friends with the guy. She just hadn't anticipated how that could backfire, especially considering Cooper's poor playacting.

She's going to kill me when she finds out, he thought, hiding a grimace. But he hadn't had much choice. Once Calla had thrown him to the wolf, he'd floundered and latched on to the only life jacket he could get his hands on—gossip. Fake gossip.

She's going to kill me when she finds out, Fake He'd seen it a hundred times. A thousand times. Kids liked to talk trash. Why not attempt to bond with Ryan over a little bit of dirt? The only catch being that Cooper didn't have any dirt to share. He wasn't a gossip, like Stephanie. He didn't have his finger on the pulse of the Greenwitch newswire.

thousand But he did have an overactive imagination. And with his neck on the line, he had more than enough incentive to make up a little white lie. Something, anything to get Ryan talking. It had worked. Perhaps a little too well, based on Ryan's next question.

anything "How's...?" His eyes darted to Vincent's face and then back to Cooper. He waved a hand, hoping that Cooper would catch his meaning. "Y'know. Stuff."

Stuff. Code word for Calla. That's what Ryan wanted to know. All because Cooper had lied . He'd lied, and now Ryan was under the impression that Calla was into hard drugs and on the market for a new dealer.

Calla. . "Oh. That. It's..."

Going to kill me in a murderous rage. But nevermind that.

Going to kill me in a murderous rage. But nevermind that. "It's fine," he said instead. "Handled. For now."



Ryan gave a tight nod. Vincent watched their exchange, bewildered.

Cooper couldn't remember exactly how he and Ryan had gotten on the topic of bad habits that night, sitting uncomfortably close on Jessica's love seat. But they had. And it had started simply enough. Jess liked to drink a little too much. Blake had a love-hate relationship with his vape. And so on. Until suddenly, they were verging into darker waters. Cooper had thought it only prudent to bring up Jacob's bad habits. And Ryan, after a moment's hesitation and a hefty swig from his cup, had confirmed what Cooper already knew.

how "He didn't just smoke. The guy shit where he ate. Dumb, if you ask me. He was always so dumb. Reckless. It's probably how he got killed."

"He didn't just smoke. The guy shit where he ate. Dumb, if you ask me. He was always so dumb. Reckless. It's probably how he got killed." "Reckless," Cooper agreed. "Still. The guy deserved better. And Calla...she felt bad about the way the whole thing went down. Guilty, y'know."

"Reckless," Cooper agreed. "Still. The guy deserved better. And Calla...she felt bad about the way the whole thing went down. Guilty, y'know." That threw Ryan for a loop. "You're talking about their...disagreement?"

That threw Ryan for a loop. "You're talking about their...disagreement?" "If you want to call it that. Jacob couldn't get his hands on what she wanted," Cooper explained. "She likes something a little stronger than what he sold. They argued. She never got to apologize."

"If you want to call it that. Jacob couldn't get his hands on what she wanted," Cooper explained. "She likes something a little stronger than what he sold. They argued. She never got to apologize." Ryan hadn't been given a chance to respond. Calla and Stephanie had returned from their foray outside, and Jessica had quickly put together an impromptu toast to the long gone.

An imaginary scenario. That's what Cooper had concocted. He'd taken elements of the truth—Calla's verbal flurry with Jacob, and his own knowledge of Jacob's strict policy on marijuana only, nothing else —and twisted it into something that he could use to squeeze information from Ryan. Somehow, his inane plan had worked. Moments after the toast, Ryan had turned to him, eager to confide in someone he could trust. A confidant.

marijuana only, nothing else Cooper almost felt bad about the lie. But he'd gained Ryan's trust. And he'd gained a sliver of insight about Jacob Stein.

"What are you two talking about?" Vincent whispered, making Cooper jump.

"What?" He glanced toward the front of the room. Mr. Cryke had no interest in going over the syllabus, it seemed. He sat at the desk with a book in hand, his reader's halfway down his nose. "Oh. Uh. OCD stuff."

He shrugged, embarrassed by the lie and hoping that Vincent would misinterpret it as a more general embarrassment. He knew Cooper hated talking about his compulsions in public.

"Right." Vincent seemed surprised that Cooper had spoken with Ryan about it at all.

You're getting good at this lying thing, Cooper. He hated the way Calla's voice sounded in his head. Smug. And proud. Keep it up.

You're getting good at this lying thing, Cooper. Keep it up. Cooper glanced at Ryan's profile. The mental voice knew nothing. He was no good at this. Lying made him shifty, uncomfortable. And the lie had only worked because it was such a fabrication of the truth. He'd had to throw Calla under the bus for some imaginary drug addiction just to coerce an ounce of trust from Ryan.

Not exactly effective.

He'd only felt justified in doing so because of the hell that Calla had wrecked on his life. That, and she had an alibi for Jacob's murder. She couldn't be a suspect, no matter what disagreement she and Jacob had been in prior to his death. And, were Ryan to ever share the information Cooper had given, there would be no evidence. No text messages. No witnesses. And certainly no proof of any drug transactions. Because Calla was innocent of the crimes he'd hung over her head.

disagreement A poor excuse. And one she would doubtless throw back in his face once she discovered his deception.

"Have you seen that horror movie that just came out?" Ryan asked, the sudden shift in conversation jarring Cooper. But then he remembered. Ryan and Cooper had talked about a great many things on Friday—safer, more normal things.



He could be a killer, Cooper reminded himself, again and again. Never forget that.

He could be a killer, Never forget that. And yet lumping Ryan in with the other suspects—all objectively horrible people, save for the twins—was far more logical in theory than in practice. Just as they had at Jessica's party, the two allowed the conversation to flow freely, easily bouncing from topic to topic now that they'd shoved aside the heavy. Ryan liked video games as much as the next guy. His favorite class was biology, no contest. He even owned a pet iguana, which Cooper found cool beyond belief. All of this and more they discussed while Mr. Cryke ignored the students, unwilling to tear his eyes away from the pages of his book.

"You guys should come over to my place sometime," Ryan urged toward the end of the twenty-minute period, catching Cooper by surprise. "I just got the new update for World's End—"

"No way." Vincent leaned forward, investing in the conversation for the first time. "How? It's not even out yet."

"I have my ways," Ryan admitted, his smile smug. "It's awesome. So much better than the last version."

awesome. Cooper grinned. "I've been dying to try it out."

"Seriously. Come over anytime. I've been going stir-crazy in the house."

The bell rang and they stood. On a normal day they'd be heading to lunch, but that wasn't for another hour. Cooper glanced down at his schedule. His last two classes were psychology and P.E.

"Nice," Vincent commented, looking over his shoulder. "I have P.E. last, too."

"For real? I thought you had football stuff."

"Only in the fall. 'Sides, I gotta take my P.E. requirement like everyone else."

"That blows," Ryan commented as they left the room, the three of them heading down the same hall. "I got my P.E. credit out of the way last semester. But now I'm stuck with..." He frowned down at his schedule. "Political science and economics. With Mrs. Kellie. Gross."

Vincent and Cooper made sympathetic noises, wishing him luck as he split off down the next hall. Cooper watched him go, warring emotions fighting for dominance.

He liked the guy. Which meant he was definitely the killer.

Maybe if I make myself likable, he won't want to off me anymore, Cooper thought, absently waving to Vincent as his friend ducked into his world religions class.

Maybe if I make myself likable, he won't want to off me anymore, He knew what Calla would want him to do. She'd want him to get close to Ryan. Discover and exploit his weaknesses. Squeeze an alibi out the kid—or one hell of a good motive to kill.

Cooper feared what he would find if he dug too deep.

After a relatively tolerable day—even pre-cal hadn't been horrible—Cooper went into his fourth class with a sense of optimism. He had Vincent for three of his classes, including his lunch period. Maybe this was his semester, after all.

Cooper's luck ran out in psychology.

Familiar red hair caught his eye. He scanned the room, ignoring Calla's smug smile. How the hell was the room already this full? He desperately searched for an empty seat far, far away from his parasitic partner in crime.

this But alas.

But alas. Gritting his teeth, Cooper took the spot behind her. She turned around in her seat to beam at him. "What are the odds?"



He stared at her. "Did you do this somehow?"

She gave him an innocent look. "Are you asking me if I hacked the system to put us in the same class?"

He kept staring.

"Don't be stupid." She rolled her eyes, taking on her usual air of arrogant indifference. "I wouldn't even know how the hell to do that. Although..."

"I really need to stop accidentally giving you horrible ideas."

"You should," she agreed, turning around once Mr. Prichard—the youngest teacher at the high school, maybe twenty-six—entered the room.

"Welcome to Psychology 101," he started, grinning enthusiastically at the sea of very unenthusiastic faces. "I know it's the first day, so let's not get into the heavy stuff. To start: can anyone tell me what psychology is? Don't be shy. I'm not looking for a textbook definition here."

A freshman in the front row raised her hand. He nodded at her.

She gave a tentative answer. "The study of the mind?"

"An excellent answer." He turned and began drawing on the whiteboard with a blue marker. The shape began to take form, until finally Cooper guessed what it was: a brain.

Mr. Prichard wrote psychology inside the rudimentary drawing. "That's what we're going to be talking about, folks. The mind. You can study this thing for years and still never get the full picture. But that's the beauty of it, isn't it?"

psychology years He tapped his head. "Humans have always been fascinated about what goes on up here and why. And sure, there's a lot of technical jargon that goes along with understanding the brain and our behavior and how it all ties together. But if you walk away with anything from my class, I want it to be an understanding of the concepts we learn in this room , not just a list of formal textbook definitions."

why. concepts , A few people looked genuinely interested. Even Cooper had to admit the class didn't sound half bad.

"But let's be honest. I know what you really care about." Mr. Prichard spread his hands and grinned. "So good news. No pop quizzes, and no cumulative final."

That earned him a response. A couple of kids even clapped.

"Alright." He sat behind his desk and leaned back. "That's all for today. You're free to go!"

The atmosphere lifted. Even Cooper was smiling, having decided he most definitely was going to like this class—even if his neighbor left something to be desired. He stood to leave with the rest of the class when Calla grabbed his wrist, using more force than strictly necessary.

"Ouch!" he hissed, glaring at her. "Let go."

"Look," she said, but she released her hold on him. She stood and nodded her head pointedly at someone standing by the door.

Cooper glanced over her shoulder. Blake Richardson laughed, standing alongside a couple of the kids from the basketball team, his backpack across his shoulder. He had a blue gatorade in hand and, as Cooper watched, he took a quick swig.

"His hand," Cooper muttered. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Calla nod.

Blake's grip on the gatorade bottle gave Cooper a clear view of the thick, angry scabs on his knuckles. As he watched, he began to notice other, less prominent injuries, including a scratch near his left eye and a ring of discolored marks around his neck. Cooper thought it looked suspiciously like the imprint of a hand.

"Have you seen his brother yet?" Calla asked, taking care to keep her voice low.

"What about him?"

She smiled, as if they weren't talking about two suspects in a murder investigation. "I'll catch you up after school. Let's just say Mike looks worse. A lot worse."

Cooper bit his bottom lip. "Blake looks a hell of a lot like he got in a fight."

"Trust me. Mike's face told the same story." She kept up her easy smile, though her eyes were dark and cold. Lifeless. "Steph had some interesting things to say about our boy Mike. And about Jessica, too. But I hadn't seen Blake until now. This changes things."

"Changes what ?" Cooper asked, glancing back toward the doorway. But Blake was gone. In fact, so were most of the other students.

what "I thought something happened between Jess and Mike. But now I'm thinking it's more complicated than that." She turned and gestured for him to follow. "Come on. We're going to be late."

Cooper felt horribly confused. It was like he was stuck in a vacuum, and all the oxygen was slowly being sucked out of the room, leaving him gasping for breath. "Late for what ?"

what She glanced over her shoulder and raised an eyebrow. "For P.E., obviously."





22: Let's Call It A Threesome


The look on Cooper's face was priceless.

"Lighten up." They walked side-by-side down the hall, their shoulders brushing occasionally as they swerved to avoid confused freshmen darting from door to door. "This is good news."

"That we have P.E. together? How is that good news?"

"No, you moron." Calla flicked her ponytail over her shoulder impatiently. "I'm talking about Jessica. Mike. Blake. Clues. "

Clues. "Oh. Right." Cooper walked by her in silence, biting the inside of his cheek. Lowering his voice, he asked, "But like...what clues are we talking about, exactly?"

"Do I have to walk you through everything?"

He ran a frustrated hand through his hair—once, twice, three times—and leaned over to hiss in her ear. "Sorry I'm not Sherlock Holmes! I don't go around solving murders in my spare time."

"Sherlock Holmes? Please." Calla rolled her eyes.

"Are you...?" Cooper grabbed the front of his button down, his face twisting in pain. "Are you implying I'm Watson ?"

Watson "I thought that was already obvious."

Calla amused herself by watching him fumble for an answer. He sucked in a deep breath, as if in preparation for some long-winded speech that she certainly didn't have time for.

certainly Her amusement evaporated. "Are you done?"

He poked her shoulder. "This isn't over."

"Poke me again," she said sweetly, grabbing his arm and steering him to the left—away from the gym. "See what happens."

"Where are we going? Calla. The gym is that —"

that "I know where the gym is," she muttered, nodding to a set of doors near the end of the hall. "We're making a pit stop."

Recognition lit his eyes. He shook her hand off. "The library."

Knowing they had little time before the next bell rang, they made a beeline for the front desk. The librarian greeted them with her usual pursed smile. Ms. Frey—unmarried and ageless; the woman had looked fifty-five for the last two decades, if the yearbooks were to be believed—leaned against the countertop, a pair of ruby red readers hanging from a strand of turquoise beads around her neck.

"Can I help you?" she asked, not unkindly.

Calla had always felt a certain kinship with the woman. And not because she suspected her of any foul play or insidious thoughts. She had a certain forthrightness that appealed to Calla's nature. She appreciated the librarian's no-nonsense approach.

"We're looking for a textbook," Calla explained, prepared to give more detail if necessary.

"Station three." Ms. Frey gestured toward the miniature computer lab against the far wall. A row of four ancient computers stood by, humming dully. "One's on the fritz. Two and four...well. How much time do you have?"

"Got it." Calla tapped the table in thanks before disappearing into the stacks, her sights set on the third station.

Someone had left a flurry of bright pink sticky notes along the desktop's frame, which Calla ripped off and discarded with ease. Cooper sighed somewhere over her shoulder, allowing her to take the reigns as she pulled up the library's directory and typed in two words.

Brother's Grimm

Brother's Grimm Brother's Grimm A loading screen popped up. Calla drummed her fingers against the table.



"We're going to be late," Cooper warned.

She turned and flashed him a warning look.

"Just saying." He crossed his arms and fell silent, a sour look on his face.

By the time she turned back to the screen, the results had popped up. Her heart gave a heavy thud.

thud. "The library had a copy," she breathed. "It was checked out."

"Almost three months ago." Cooper leaned over her, brow furrowed. The screen flickered for a moment, causing them both to tense up. "Goddamn. That's right around the time Jacob was murdered. But who..."

Calla pointed at the screen. She glanced up just in time to see Cooper's eyes go wide.

"Tom Sahein?" He struggled to keep his voice low and composed. "But...he wasn't one of the six."

"Exactly." Calla pushed away from the prehistoric computer and stood, exiting out of the catalogue and erasing their search history.

Cooper let out a frustrated sigh as they hurried past the front desk, throwing the librarian a half-hearted wave as they did so. Her eyes followed them until they disappeared into the hallway, alone once more.

"So the killer didn't check out the book?" he whispered, invading her personal space. "Tom wasn't one of the six, Calla."

didn't "You said that," she agreed. "But don't you see? This supports my theory."

They walked in silence past a group of rowdy seniors. Calla had to grab Cooper's arm to yank him out of their path and he stumbled after her, red-faced, while a couple of the boys snickered. One of them made a sound like a cracking whip and the rest of the group laughed.

Cooper muttered something under his breath that sounded suspiciously like not my girlfriend.

not my girlfriend. Calla's eyes narrowed. "What did you just say?"

"What? Nothing." He ran his hand through his hair in the typical one-two-three pattern that she'd noticed back in the seventh grade. The side of his mouth twitched. "Anyway. What's this theory of yours?"

Cooper shoved his hands in his pockets, staring down at the tile as they made their way past the front office. Through the blinds Calla could see Mrs. Grendel sitting behind the front desk, her gnarled fingers twisted around a stack of folders, a half dozen gaudy rings flashing in the sterile light.

Neither one of them spoke until they turned the next corner and were out of sight.

"You think he's involved, don't you? That Sahein kid," Cooper said quietly, glancing around to make sure they were relatively alone. They were. The gym was on the opposite side of the school from Mr. Prichard's room, as well as most of the other classrooms, for that matter. The further they went the quieter the halls grew, until only a handful of other kids milled about, absorbed in their own conversations.

Calla shrugged as they rounded another corner. The gym was at the end of the hall. "I think it's possible that he's involved."

"Of course it's possible . " Cooper grabbed her arm and, after checking to make sure they were alone, he pulled her to a stop. "I'm asking you what you think."

. you Calla let him stop her. She sighed, turning so that she could lean against the nearest wall, which happened to be a mural of their mascot—a snarling Grizzly bear, its teeth bared just inches from her head. The cold from the wall seeped through her hoodie and into her back, taking the edge off of the fire growing steadily in the pit of her stomach.



Somewhere inside her, the beast stirred.

"You want to know what I think?" she asked, raising an eyebrow at him.

Cooper crossed his arms and raised an eyebrow right back at her.

Calla looked back the way they'd come, her eyes roving over the deserted hall. Alone. They were definitely alone.

But these days, that didn't mean much. You never knew who could be lurking around the next corner. Camera in hand.

She took care to keep her voice low when she said, "I think it's pretty likely this isn't a one-man show."

Cooper said nothing. He just stared at her expectantly, waiting for more.

So Calla gave it to him.

She held out her index finger, counting clues on her hand like she was reciting an old family recipe. "We know that six students left their prints behind on a murder weapon. Six. We also know that Tom Sahein is not one of those six. What he is, is a notorious busy-body who probably has an alibi for the murders in the form of a time-stamped photo. He was at the Halloween party. The rivalry game. The winter gala. And what do you think he was doing?"

Six. is, Cooper frowned. "Snooping. Taking pictures. Damn." He groaned. "You're right. There's probably some picture in the yearbook lab's drive proving he wasn't anywhere near the crime scene."

"Which we can prove. Once you get off your ass and go investigate those photographs," she added, an edge to her voice.

"Okay. I get it." He threw up his hands. "But none of this explains—"

"I'm not finished," she interrupted, ignoring his glare. "What else do we know? Well, we know that Rachel and Jess got into a fight a couple of days before her death. And we also know that Jess and Mike broke up at the dance. Not to be overlooked—their prints are all over that bottle used to cut Rachel's throat."

Cooper crossed his arms. "I'm following."

"We also know," she continued quietly, lowering her voice so that Cooper had to step forward to catch her words, close enough that she could make out the pattern of his breathing, "that you're a target. Who has the motive to kill you? To kill Rachel? Jacob?"

His face spasmed at the last name. She kicked her heel back against the wall. "What?"

The laugh that came out didn't match the uncomfortable look in his eyes. Not at all. "I just never thought I'd feel sorry for the guy. Y'know?"

Calla resisted the urge to grab him by the throat. "What are you going on about?"

"Later," he said quickly. Her eyes narrowed. He kept speaking, hoping to distract her. Or at least, that's how it seemed. "So far, your theory isn't making any sense, by the way."

any Calla had no idea what he'd been on about—he'd mentioned something about the memorial this morning, had insisted that he needed to speak to her—but now he didn't seem quite so eager to share what he knew.

It can't be important, she thought. He wouldn't keep something of that magnitude from me. Not now.

It can't be important, He wouldn't keep something of that magnitude from me. Not now. Would he?

Would he? "That's what I'm trying to say," she started slowly, regathering her thoughts. "None of the evidence makes sense if you're following just one thread. Sure, Jess had it out for Rachel. You could call that a crime of passion. But you're gonna tell me she killed Jacob Stein? Not a shot in hell she could have pulled that off."

one

"You think she had help," he surmised quietly.

"What if we've been looking at it wrong?" Calla urged, more confident now. "We've been chasing a killer. Singular. Not plural."

a Cooper gave her a skeptical look. "A two-man job would explain why no one person checks every box..."

would She nodded. "It could go further than that. This could be a three-man job."

"A threesome, you mean?"

"Your mind never ceases to amaze me," she deadpanned. "But, sure. Let's go with that. A threesome is killing Greenwitch High students."

"Now that's a headline. Hook, line and sinker, baby."

that's Calla mimicked his pose and crossed her arms. "Do you handle everything with a witty remark? Or is this just your grieving process?"

"Touché."

God watch over and protect this boy before I take his life myself.

God watch over and protect this boy before I take his life myself. "Sorry. Had to get it out of my system." He gave her a bashful shrug. "So...let me surmise. You think Jess and Mike are working together on this. Blake could be involved. Maybe. Big maybe. And Sahein is...what? Their outside man? The keeper of the Chamber of Secrets?"

"I think it's more than that," she said, ignoring his tangent into nerdom. She kicked off from the wall. "Sahein sees a hell of a lot more than he should. The trio could be using him for intel. Feeding him gossip in exchange for favors."

"Favors." Cooper paused. She could practically see the gears turning in his head. "Like checking a book out of the library to get his hands on a juicy story?"

She shrugged. "He's probably done worse to find out a dirty little secret or two. I doubt the trio would have told him what the book was for."

"I think he knows now," Cooper muttered, grim.

She cocked her head to the side, a flutter of impatience threatening to send her into a furious tirade. Cooper must have picked up on her mood—he seemed to be getting better at that, a fact that deeply disturbed her—because he quickly explained his reasoning. Using as much detail as possible, he described Tom's tense, unusual behavior in class earlier today.

"He also left the party in a big rush. Did you notice?"

"The memorial," she corrected again, almost absently. "And yes, I did."

"I wasn't sure." Cooper rubbed his temples. "He was talking to Steph, and it looked—"

"Steph?" Calla's interest skyrocketed. "She came outside to find me."

Cooper raised an eyebrow. "I guess she found you after her little telling-off. Tom looked pissed about something she said. That's when he left." He paused again, this one longer than the last. "We're painting Tom in an awfully nice light. You really think he's just some pawn in all of this?"

No, she wanted to say. But she didn't trust herself to do so. Not when she was in this mood—a mood to watch heads roll, regardless of guilt or blame.

No, this Cooper didn't wait for an answer. He turned and paced from one side of the wall to the other. "The guy has dirt on just about everyone. What if he's not the pawn? What if he has some hidden agenda? Maybe he's taken a few pictures the trio didn't like." He used her earlier terminology, the word trio like a curse on his tongue. "What if he's been the one pulling the strings?"

not trio trio

"A blackmail scheme," she agreed quietly. "Tom keeps his hands clean. Literally. And the others..."

Cooper finished her thought. "The others put their neck on the line to protect whatever secrets he has on them."

They both grew quiet as a group of sophomores—a different crowd than the one Calla ran with, but familiar faces all the same—wandered past, disappearing through the gym doors. Knowing they didn't have long before the bell rang, Calla followed their lead, slowly walking down the hall, trailing her fingertips along its cool surface.

But why take all the risk? she wondered, keeping her thoughts to herself. Why check out the book? If he has dirt on the trio, he would use it as leverage. He wouldn't have cast suspicion on his name. Let someone else take the fall.

But why take all the risk? Why check out the book? If he has dirt on the trio, he would use it as leverage. He wouldn't have cast suspicion on his name. Let someone else take the fall. "Timeout." Cooper made a halting motion with his hands. "If this is a group effort...who the hell are we going after? Jess and Mike? The twins? Tom ?"

Tom "All of them." Calla kept her expression neutral despite the storm of fury boiling inside her.

On the other side of the hall, Cooper fisted his hands in his hair and swore. "I hate this. I feel like we know way too much and not nearly enough at the same time. Do you ever feel like that?"

"All the time," she agreed wryly, surprised that he felt the same. How much more could they possibly have in common? A scary thought.

She continued down the hall, a frown beginning to turn down the corners of her mouth as his words sank in.

We know way too much and not nearly enough.

We know way too much and not nearly enough. Just a couple of kids playing at detective. And failing.

"Y'know, Calla," Cooper started, startling her. She glanced back at where he trailed behind, his eyes located on some point in the distance over her shoulder. "I've been thinking. About a different theory. About Tracy. And you, uh, killing...or not killing her."

not "Oh." She turned around, continuing her slow stroll to their final class of the day. This again. "Yeah. And?"

This again. "I mean...what if you didn't kill her?"

What if. What if. What if.

What if. What if. What if. Calla hated a what if.

what if. "Do I get a prize?" she asked sarcastically, throwing him a look over her shoulder.

"I'm serious, Calla," he complained, hurrying over. He stepped in front of her, blocking her path. "It changes things."

"It changes nothing." Her voice was short. Clipped. She stared at her fingers hovering on the wall, at the tiny blue veins that ran just beneath the skin of her wrist.

I saw Tracy go upstairs. Someone followed her up there. It was a girl. I know it was a girl.

I saw Tracy go upstairs. Someone followed her up there. It was a girl. I know it was a girl. Were Calla anyone else, she might have clung to the hope of innocence. She might have pointed the finger at Jessica. She could have cited a dozen incidents over the years that would have fueled Jessica's fire, that would have inspired a frame job of such a magnitude. Perhaps Calla had been drugged—she wouldn't have turned away a drink from a friend. And perhaps that drunk had given Jessica the window she needed to plant the blood on her hands and the mud on her boots, planting the idea in her head that she, Calla Parker, had committed murder.

But Calla did not feel that hope. Not so much as a whisper of it.

"It changes everything," Cooper insisted, his voice turning empathetic. He leaned forward, trying to get her attention, trying to get her to look at him. "You could be innocent. Do you really want to throw all that away to get reven—"

Oh, she should have had more control. She knew she should have.

But she didn't. Not with Cooper. And not when it came to Rachel.

She moved before he could react, reaching out to grab his shoulder and slam him against the wall. She kicked his ankle, knocking him off balance. He wobbled and she threw her weight into him, sending him to his knees.

He fell with a curse. She planted a hand on the back of his head, forcing him to the ground. Her fingers tightened in his hair and he gasped.

She hovered above him. "Don't get in my way, Daniels. Not when it comes to Rachel."

You deserve to be happy...

You deserve to be happy... "Okay, okay!" Cooper shouted frantically, panting. "I got it!"

Calla released her grip and turned to resume her slow walk along the wall. She heard Cooper scramble to his feet behind her, groaning and cursing under his breath.

"Good," Calla said. "Glad that's settled."

"Psychopath," he snapped behind her.

She snickered as she entered the gym, the tardy bell ringing to signal her arrival. Cooper walked a step behind her. She could feel him seething, but she didn't care.

They'd made a deal. And he was damn well going to honor that.

"Coop!"

They both looked up at the voice. Vincent sat on the opposite side of the gym, perched in the bleachers with the rest of the class. The majority of the faces were familiar ones. Calla recognized several kids she had in other classes. And there, sitting a couple of rows below Vincent, were Stephanie and Gareth.

Calla was mildly pleased to see Stephanie, who greeted her with an enthusiastic wave. Gareth looked less excited, sitting slightly apart from the others, his jaw tight.

Someone had certainly pissed in his Cheerios that morning.

his Out of the six suspects she and Cooper were balancing, Gareth crossed her mind the least. Maybe it was the vacant light in his eyes. Maybe it was the way he laughed whenever someone drew a dick in the window of a grimy car.

Or maybe it was the fact that Calla would rather die than live in a world where Gareth Walker could outsmart her at...well. Anything.

Anything. She sincerely hoped he was the placid, ignorant fool she thought he was. Otherwise she was going to look awfully stupid. Which would really piss her off.

awfully In the spirit of covering all their bases, Calla was about to point him out to Cooper—perhaps murdering their classmates had put Gareth in a foul mood?—when someone else caught her eye, distracting her from Gareth completely. He sat in the bleachers with the others, looking effortless in blue jeans and a crisp white t-shirt, his blonde hair tousled to messy perfection.

He waved and gestured for her to sit beside him. One of the freshmen at the bottom of the bleachers, who'd been watching him with hopeful eyes, sighed wistfully. Her friend gave Calla a jealous once-over.

Of course Cory Michaels was in her P.E. class. God did, after all, have a sense of humor.

course "Your boyfriend is here," Cooper stage-whispered in her ear, his voice tinged with delight. He was no doubt enjoying every moment of her discomfort—especially after the stunt she'd pulled in the hall.

"I'm going to make your life hell," she whispered back, giving Cory a shy smile. At least she hoped it was a shy smile and not a pained grimace.

"It's too late for that," Cooper grumbled. "You've been ruining my life for years now."

"Please," she quipped, climbing the bleachers before he could respond. "I'm just getting started."





23: Don't Do Drugs, Kids


It changes nothing.

It changes nothing. Cooper sat in silence, bracing his elbows on his knees and staring listlessly down at his shoes. Coach Wallace stood at the base of the bleachers, reading names off a broken clipboard. Cooper barely recognized his name in time to say here ; the back of his head ached. He rubbed at the tender spot, wincing at bruises he couldn't see.

here It was his fault, really. He was around her so often he'd almost forgotten what she was. He'd forgotten about the cold darkness resting in her eyes. He'd forgotten about the iron strength of her hands, the cruel curve of her fingers.

He'd forgotten about the shadowy figure standing in the window when he found his dead cat in the field.

It was easy to forget nowadays. Surrounded by death and horror and his own impending doom, Cooper had grown accustomed to her dark presence. She was, after all, his only chance of survival. He'd been consumed by the idea that maybe she wasn't the murdering, vindictive little psycho he thought she was. But he'd been wrong. Worse: he'd been too fixated on the beast coming for his throat to pay attention to the one already hovering at his back.

wasn't How the hell am I ever going to get out of this mess? Cooper thought, shoving back a wave of desperation. Is this going to be my life? Running from serial killers and Calla Parker until one of them comes bursting through my door to finally end it all?

How the hell am I ever going to get out of this mess? Is this going to be my life? Running from serial killers and Calla Parker until one of them comes bursting through my door to finally end it all? A depressing thought. So why the hell did he suddenly feel like laughing?

"Lunch time."

Cooper looked up, startled. Vincent towered behind him, his hands shoved in the pockets of his letterman jacket. His eyes were downcast, unhappy. But when the other guys he'd been sitting with—a couple of players on the JV team—motioned for him to join, he waved them off, signaling for them to go ahead without him.

Despite the awkward tension that had been drifting between them all day, Vincent still wanted to walk to lunch with his best friend. Cooper felt his heart swell.

And yet, the warmth lasted only a millisecond. Neither one of them said a word as they made their way down the bleachers and across the gym floor. Calla walked arm-in-arm with Stephanie several yards ahead, Cory on her other side. He said something that made the girls laugh.

Vincent scowled. "Hey, Coop?"

"Mmm?"

"Mind if we, ah, stop by my locker?"

"Your—" Vincent's locker was on the other side of the school, in the farthest wing possible from the cafeteria. But the look on his face was still troubled, his features twisted in a scowl as his eyes tracked Cory.

Cooper relented, his stomach growling. "Sure, dude."

The things I do for friendship.

The things I do for friendship. They kept walking as the others veered off to get in line for a sack lunch. Further ahead, Cooper caught sight of long, white-blonde hair and a petite brunette with bronze skin. His heart sank.

Vincent made a noise in the back of his throat, and Cooper was suddenly very glad they were skipping lunch. He really didn't want to be at the same table as Jess, Astrid and Calla—or even in the nearby vicinity. An unholy trinity like that had an expiration date. Eventually, someone was going to explode.

really Vincent didn't say a word until they reached his locker. Even then he procrastinated for as long as he could, fiddling with the lock and pretending to shuffle around in his athletic bag until he finally shrugged off his jacket, hung it up, and gave a huge, frustrated sigh.



He hung his head in the locker, hiding his face from Cooper. "Dude?"

"Yeah?"

"Are you and Calla...like, a thing?"

"I...wait." Cooper felt his insides twist—in horror. "A what ?"

what Cooper was a good guy. But he was still a guy , which meant Vincent's suggestion took his imagination on a wild ride. For one terrible moment, he imagined Calla straddling his lap in the front seat of his Mustang, wearing the sort of smile she usually reserved for Cory. In this scenario, the top buttons of her shirt were undone, and her hair framed her face in an angelic halo of red.

guy He could even imagine the smell of her breath, something minty and fresh. She would lean down, her lips inches from his. Her hands would cup the back of his neck—

And then she would snap it. Because she was batshit crazy.

"Nope," Cooper said quickly, the sexy little movie reel in his head skidding to an alarming halt. He'd never felt less horny in his entire life . "It's gonna be a no from me, dawg."

. Vincent pulled his head out of the locker to glare down at Cooper, but there was no heat behind it. If anything he looked strained, as if he were desperately trying to hide some other emotion.

"I mean...c'mon." Cooper rubbed his hands—which were suddenly very sweaty—against his jeans. "You can't seriously think me and Calla are...are whatever, can you?"

Vincent still said nothing. His eyes were downcast, pinned to the floor.

"Look," Cooper finally burst out, taking a step toward his friend. "Okay, serious time. It's not like that. It's actually so far from that, it's physically painful. I mean, we're friends—"

not "Friendship doesn't mean a whole lotta shit these days. Does it, Townson?"

They both looked up, startled. Gareth Walker stalked down the hall, his face twisted in what could only be described as rage.

He and Vincent were dressed almost identically; the two could have passed for brothers. Gareth had a smaller build, but they had the same thick brown hair and deep-set eyes, though Gareth's were green, not brown. Even their noses had the same tilt, having been broken more than once.

The only notable difference between the two was the childhood scar that turned down the corner of Gareth's mouth. At a distance, one might not even spot it. But when he was up close and personal—and extremely pissed off—the scar became more prevalent. With his mouth twisted, the scar gave his expression a possessed quality.

This is not going to end well.

This is not going to end well. "Gareth." Vincent shifted so that he stood shoulder-to-shoulder—figuratively speaking—with Cooper.

Gareth slashed a hand through the air. "I don't want to hear it."

The other boy ripped off his letterman jacket, flinging it at Vincent's feet.

"Does that mean anything to you?" he snapped, chest heaving. "Y'know, brotherhood . All that teammate bullshit you've been spouting for years. How about the I'll always have your back part? Ringing any bells?"

brotherhood I'll always have your back Cooper sucked on the inside of his cheek. Secondhand embarrassment rolled from him in waves. He wanted to crawl under a rock and die—preferably before any punches were thrown.

Vincent took a step forward, putting Cooper at his back. "Look. I'm sorry, okay? I'm more sorry than I've ever been about anything. I messed up. Big time. I wanted to tell you—"

sorry,

"Thanks. Thanks so much, Vincent. You're only, what? Two weeks too late? I had to hear the news from Stephanie. "

Stephanie. Vincent said nothing. He hunched his shoulders, as if Gareth's words were physical blows.

While he grappled with his demons, Cooper wrestled with a very different realization. Stephanie. She'd blown the whistle on Vincent's affair with Astrid twice now. Once to Rachel and Calla, a secret whispered over a dining room table. And now to Gareth, the man of the hour.

Stephanie. And it wasn't an isolated incident.

Some yearbook twerp thought it'd be funny to take a picture of me and Calla. I guess Astrid got her hands on it somehow.

Some yearbook twerp thought it'd be funny to take a picture of me and Calla. I guess Astrid got her hands on it somehow. Cooper had thought nothing of the exchange between Vincent and Astrid for quite some time. It felt so long ago. A different lifetime. Astrid's hurt pride seemed inconsequential in the face of everything else. But now that he thought of it—now that he stared the ugly truth in the eye—he could see the connection, a golden thread connecting two separate moments in time.

And Stephanie, there in the middle of it all.

"You could see the pity in her eyes," Gareth continued with a wild, deranged laugh, unaware of Cooper's epiphany. His mouth twisted from one side to the other. "She said I deserved to know. Blah, blah, blah. The usual sympathy parade. And I thought, geez. How long has this been going on? A couple of weeks?" His expression darkened. "Come to find out...nah. Not a couple weeks. More like a couple months. "

months. Cooper tried to cut in. "It was a mistake, dude—"

"Stay in your lane, Daniels." Gareth's mouth twitched again. "I don't want to hear it. Honestly, Vinny? I'm just surprised you're not denying it. I expected as much. But I've got evidence. Proof that you and Astrid are perfect for each other." He sneered. "You're both lying, pathetic sacks of shit."

"Evidence?" Vincent whispered, dazed.

"Steph really knows her stuff. She caught you two under the bleachers after the rivalry game." He held up his hands, miming the click of a camera. "Gotcha, asshole."

As he'd thought, Stephanie had not come to the table with rumors and gossip. She'd come with proof. But it was worse than Cooper had anticipated. Much worse.

proof. The rivalry game. That was the night of Jacob's murder. Stephanie followed them.

The rivalry game. That was the night of Jacob's murder. Stephanie followed them. I wonder who else she followed.

I wonder who else she followed. "I'm sorry," Vincent rasped, splaying his hands. "I'm sorry I ever did it—"

"Why? Because it didn't work out?" Gareth smirked. "Or because you got caught?"

"I was confused," Vincent choked out. "And I am sorry. It's over. I ended things. We haven't been speaking—"

am "Oh!" He threw up his hands, shouting now. "He ended things! Someone give this guy a gold star!"

Vincent's face burned with embarrassment. Cooper pursed his lips. He wanted to defend his friend, but he had no idea where to begin. Vincent had made this bed all by himself, and now the time had come to lay in it.

But he wasn't the only one here who had made mistakes.

"So we're just going to ignore the fact that you cheated on Astrid for over a year?" Cooper interjected, well aware that he would probably regret the words in about thirty seconds—if he survived that long. "Seriously? You're a hypocrite. The way you feel right now is exactly how you made Astrid feel. So stop blowing up your guilt in Vincent's face."

exactly

Vincent turned to give him a wide-eyed look that screamed stop, please stop.

stop, please stop. Gareth's face turned a dangerous shade of purple. "What did you just say?"

Don't get started with me, you overgrown sewer rat. Your prints are all over a murder weapon, and I have half a mind to tell Calla that you're guilty just so she can wipe your shit stain off the face of this town.

Don't get started with me, you overgrown sewer rat. Your prints are all over a murder weapon, and I have half a mind to tell Calla that you're guilty just so she can wipe your shit stain off the face of this town. He was surprised by the venom in his thoughts. He hadn't realized he had such a bone to pick with the guy; then again, he'd probably have an issue with any hypocrite who belittled one of the few people in his life who mattered to him.

Cooper kept that thought to himself. He valued his well being too much to step out of line a second time.

Vincent spoke quickly, trying to regain control of the conversation—as if he'd ever had any control to begin with. "If I could take it back, I would. Gareth, please. What do I have to do to make this right?"

The look in Gareth's eyes told Cooper that he'd been waiting for this moment. He hadn't come to trade words and make amends.

He'd come to settle a score.

"Go to hell," Gareth snapped. He lunged forward, seizing his opportunity.

Vincent didn't react, not even when Gareth's fist connected with his nose, a sickening crunch causing Cooper to flinch. Vincent stumbled back, using the lockers for support. A halfhearted effort. Gareth advanced, unappeased. Meeting no resistance, he slammed Vincent's head into the nearest locker.

crunch He winced, but took the brutal blow in silence.

"Hey!" Cooper lurched forward and grabbed the back of Gareth's shirt.

In hindsight, it wasn't the brightest idea he'd ever come up with. He should have hit the back of Gareth's head, or maybe gone for his legs, or really done anything besides grab his shirt and expect nothing bad to follow.

besides Which is how he ended up on the floor. His lower lip throbbed. It took several moments for the pain to fully register, and when it did Cooper hissed. The taste of blood filled his mouth.

The pain gave him an unexpected advantage with a burst of adrenaline. He launched back to his feet. Gareth had Vincent pinned against the lockers. He rained one punch after another into his gut, growing frustrated when Vincent did not retaliate.

Cooper expected Gareth to tire. To realize that he'd done enough damage. But it soon became clear that he had no intention of letting Vincent off the hook. Not until his body was broken...or worse.

Desperate, Cooper threw his weight into Gareth's side, hoping to throw the much larger boy off balance. He was surprised when his strategy worked. They both hit the ground; Gareth landed unceremoniously on his ass, while Cooper caught himself before he could face-plant.

"You—" Blind with rage, Gareth reached for Cooper—and instead got a face full of leather.

Cooper took advantage of the distraction and regained his footing. Gareth hunched over, cradling his nose and letting fly a string of curses. Cooper turned to thank Vincent for saving his life, but his friend still slumped against the lockers, holding his own nose in defeat.

"Gareth! Chill out."

Ryan wrapped Gareth's arms behind his back, restraining him as the other boy went berserk.

"It's none of your fucking business!" he shouted, straining against an iron grip. Ryan's face flushed from the effort of holding him back.

"Seriously, dude! Let it go. You already broke the guy's nose." Ryan grunted as they continued to struggle, Gareth yelling at the top of his lungs, spittle flying from his mouth.



Cooper hurried over to Vincent, still slumped against a nearby locker. Beyond the broken nose, he seemed fine. Cooper could have sang with relief.

A furious roar made them both look up. Gareth had broken free and now stood, swaying on the spot. Ryan sat on the floor, panting and defeated, his forehead glistening with sweat.

Gareth bent over, his face still contorted in fury. It took several moments for him to regain his composure, his arms shaking with exhaustion. When he straightened, he didn't so much as glance in Vincent's direction. He turned and walked away, slamming into Ryan's shoulder just as the other boy found his footing.

Ryan stumbled back against the wall but let him go, watching him apprehensively. Only once Gareth had disappeared did they dare relax.

Vincent finally broke the silence.

"You didn't have to do that," he muttered, his voice distorted from the broken nose.

"Yeah, well." Ryan sighed, pushing off from the wall and wincing as he stretched his arms. "Guy's been hitting the gym, hasn't he?"

Vincent used his free hand to gesture to his bloody face. "Uh, yeah. I'd say so."

Ryan and Cooper stared at him and then began to laugh. Any remaining tension evaporated. Even Vincent cracked a smile, which made him groan in pain. Cooper's lower lip throbbed in sympathy. He winced, poking the injury with his finger.

Vincent slid to the floor, his back against the lockers. He tilted his head back and closed his eyes, wincing as he attempted to survey the damage done to his face. He opened one eye to look at Cooper. "How bad is it?"

"It's an improvement," he joked, ignoring his stinging lip. "Hold on."

The nearest bathroom was right around the corner, where Cooper quickly ripped out a handful of paper towels from the dispenser. Walking back to where Vincent sat, he tossed several in his lap, saving a couple for his own split lip.

Ryan trudged over to Vincent and took a seat next to him, sighing as he did so. "I'm gonna be sore. I can already feel it."

"I owe you one," Cooper muttered around the wad of paper towels he held up to his mouth.

"We both do," Vincent agreed, adjusting his grip to free up a hand. It was covered in dried blood, but when he held it up to Ryan, the other boy didn't hesitate to accept the fist bump.

"Sure. Gareth can be a real ass sometimes. Talk about going off the deep end."

"He had good reason," Vincent said darkly, staring down at his lap.

"Nah, man. He should've stopped after the broken nose."

"Him taking it too far doesn't make what I did right," Vincent argued, his frown deepening.

"Doesn't make what he did right, either," Ryan countered.

Cooper gave Vincent a pointed look. "Gonna side with Ryan on this one, man."

"See?" Ryan clapped Vincent on the shoulder, who grunted—no doubt to cover a groan of pain. "'Sides, someone had to check Gareth's ass. Guy's been going downhill since...well."

He shrugged evasively. Cooper pretended to be interested in a spot on the floor, but his heart leapt at the uncertainty in Ryan's voice. It sounded like he had more to say on the subject. A lot more.

lot Vincent stretched out his legs with a wince. And then he asked the golden question: "Since what? I mean, I'm not exactly in the know about the guy's life these days. Been avoiding him for a while now."

in the know

Ryan blew out a deep breath. He ran a hand over his shaved head, a look of reluctance turning down the corners of his mouth. "I'm really not supposed to say anything about it. But I'm not the only one who knows, either."

"What?" Vincent asked impatiently, saving Cooper the trouble of asking.

Ryan sighed again. "Gareth. He's...on some shit."

Cooper processed the meaning before Vincent. And when Ryan caught his eye—apprehensive, fearing that Cooper would put two and two together—he knew his assumption was correct.

"Drugs," he confirmed aloud, saving Ryan the trouble. "Cocaine?"

He had nothing to say. Which said it all.

"No way." Vincent shook his head, adamant. "I don't see it."

Ryan glanced down the hall, but they were well and truly alone. Cooper wondered how many students were still left in the building. Lunch had surely ended by now. The half-day had ended.

"Gareth got booted from the team." Ryan kept his voice low. "Coach caught him with blow in his system. It's...a recent thing."

"How recent is recent?" Cooper asked, unable to help himself.

He could hear Calla's voice in his head. The detectives asked me about a dealer at the gala. It sounds like someone took over the business.

The detectives asked me about a dealer at the gala. It sounds like someone took over the business. Had that special someone been Gareth Walker?

Ryan's eyes shuttered. He rubbed the back of his neck and looked at the opposite wall. "Dunno. He and Astrid called it quits. He took it hard. He started—"

"When did they break up?" Vincent interrupted with a frown. "I thought that was, like, today."

Ryan looked well and truly uncomfortable. He clearly wanted nothing to do with this conversation, and Cooper thought he could understand why. "Heard some cheerleaders saying something about the dance. Guess they've been broken up since then."

Vincent looked flabbergasted. "Astrid never told me."

"Me either," Cooper said with a sigh, trying to ease the tension. Ryan gave him a smirk, visibly relaxing.

"That's some bullshit." Vincent turned to Cooper. "Don't let me go crawling back to her." He pointed at his face. Already the skin around his eyes and nose was beginning to swell, turning a soft shade of purple. "Remind me of what will happen."

"Sure, sure," Cooper agreed, though his mind was a million miles away.

He tried to absorb the influx of information he'd received over the last ten minutes, soaking it in like a sponge. After all, his life depended on it. The more pieces of the puzzle he had, the quicker he could hunt down the killer and save his own skin.

depended But it was a lot to process. Astrid hadn't told Vincent about her breakup—which meant she was either taking it really hard, or had other, more pressing things on her mind than keeping up her side fling. And Gareth...the guy had some seriously twisted coping mechanisms. That, or he'd taken his involvement a step further and had started dealing on the side. Dealing and dabbling, apparently. Perhaps he and Jacob had been partners.

and Or, more likely, competitors.

Cooper fought back a wave of nausea. He kept imagining Gareth's face contorted with fury, his pupils blown wide and mouth twitching as he wrapped his hands around Rachel's throat. If he and Astrid had called it quits, maybe he'd blown a fuse. Among other things.

What if Tracy's death sent him over the edge? He's obviously unstable.

What if Tracy's death sent him over the edge? He's obviously unstable. He didn't know nearly enough about Gareth Walker to jump to any wild conclusions. And now, after the events of the afternoon, he felt like he knew Stephanie Brighton even less. She'd always had a knack for drawing out secrets. But spreading harmful information within her own circle? That didn't seem in line with her character.

How much does she know, exactly? Cooper barely registered Vincent and Ryan's conversation. Something about trying out the new update at Ryan's place. How many secrets has she been keeping?

How much does she know, exactly? How many secrets has she been keeping? "You coming?"

Cooper started, looking up from the floor to see Vincent and Ryan staring at him, wearing identical, quizzical expressions.

" Uh," he started, grasping for straws.

" Vincent rolled his eyes, gingerly lowering the paper towels from his face to inspect the damage. "Ryan's place. He said we can come over and check out the new system."

Cooper felt a brief moment of panic. He'd been planning on stopping by the yearbook lab to sift through Sahein's recent uploads. He doubted he'd find anything worthwhile, but at the very least, he might find a few images proving Sahein's innocence in the murders.

Vincent cleared his throat. "And if I'm being honest, I'm not really ready for my old man to see this yet."

this He held up the bloody mess in his hands. Cooper groaned, his indecision giving way to fear. Blind, naked fear.

"Oh God." He ran a hand through his hair—once, twice, three times. "I'm a dead man. My mom is going to kill me."

kill Amelia's wrath would be all-consuming. There would be no recovery.

"Naw. I'll tell her you backed me up." Vincent winced. "My dad, on the other hand..."

Cooper grimaced in sympathy. Ryan watched the exchange with distant curiosity, swallowing whatever questions he may have had about Vincent and his home life.

"Let's get this show on the road, then," Ryan said eagerly, bolting to his feet.

Cooper stood, debating how best to back out gracefully. He really needed to get his hands on those photographs. He feared Calla would throttle him in his sleep if he didn't.

really Not that it mattered. Once Amelia saw his face, he doubted he'd survive long enough to feel Calla's fury.

His phone buzzed. He immediately dug it out of his front pocket, hoping for some valid excuse that would get him out of going over to Ryan's.

A text from Calla. He stifled his surprise.

Movies this Friday at 7?

Movies this Friday at 7? Out of the corner of his eye, Cooper saw Vincent stiffen. Realizing how it must have looked, he shoved his phone back in his pocket. Too little, too late. Vincent had seen the message—and misinterpreted it in the worst way possible.

Vincent sidestepped him without a word, following Ryan down the hall. He didn't bother checking to see if Cooper would follow.

Cooper let out a long sigh. Pulling his phone back out, he typed a quick response: Horrible timing. But whatever, okay.

Horrible timing. But whatever, okay. He had no idea why he was blindly agreeing to go to the movies with Calla. But knowing her, there had to be a good reason. He didn't picture her as the waste time at the movies type.

waste time at the movies Grumbling, Cooper started down the hall, following the retreating figures in front of him. Vincent was pissed enough as it was. Cooper couldn't back out now. Not unless he wanted to risk Vincent jumping to bold conclusions.

He would just have to sneak into the lab some other time. Some other, more convenient time.

convenient Later, he promised himself. I'll take care of it later.

Later, I'll take care of it later. If there is a later.

If there is a later.





24: Imaginary Friends


Calla stood in the Smith's driveway, staring up at the modestly sized mansion with her hands shoved in the pockets of her hoodie. Her breath coiled in the air above her, disappearing into the grey sky above.

She hadn't been here since the night of the winter gala. She hadn't planned on coming back, either. But here she was, staring up at the empty windows on the second story that looked into Rachel's room. The curtains had been drawn, blocking out the rest of the world.

She reached into her front pocket and felt nothing. A spark of anger flitted through her and then was gone.

Idling in front of the house was the Smith's white Escalade, exhaust curling from the rear. The trunk stood open and a faint dinging came from within. Beside the car were five suitcases.

dinging The front door to the house stood open. Tony Smith carried a backpack in one hand and a tote in the other. Calla expected to see grief in his face, in part because that's the man she'd seen at the funeral, eyes rimmed with red and watery with the threat of tears.

But he was beyond that now. He stared at the car vacantly, an empty vessel long abandoned.

Patricia Smith stood by the car, gazing up at the house with the same blank look in her eyes. Neither one of them had spotted Calla, who announced her presence by walking toward the car, the gravel crunching underneath her boots.

Patricia turned, a look of surprise animating her face for a moment before even that was wiped away. She gave Calla an empty smile and walked forward to sweep her in an embrace. She was frailer than Calla remembered, her spine digging into Calla's hands.

She leaned back. Her eyes—Rachel's eyes—had sunken deep into her skull, casting dark shadows on the rest of her face. "You came."

They'd never discussed Calla's visit. Hell, she hadn't so much as picked up the phone to warn them she was on her way over. She still didn't know what had driven her here. It had been a three mile walk across town, skirting the main roads in favor of winding back ways, her lungs burning with cold.

She was supposed to be getting ready for the movies later. It's not like she was thrilled to be spending her night surrounded by people she hated, Jessica and Astrid chief among them. But it was the official we survived the first week of school celebration—which was really just a horrible irony, considering how their classmates were dropping like flies. Stephanie was going to be there, and Ryan, and Calla had a lot of work to do before she figured out who her next target should be.

supposed we survived the first week of school And yet, here she was.

She hadn't even known where she was going when she'd left the house. But maybe that was a lie. She had, after all, dug around her nightstand for the spare key Rachel had given her.

The key that was now missing.

Not missing, a voice whispered. Stolen. But why?

Not missing, Stolen. But why? Calla gave the older woman a thin smile. "I figured...it was time."

She'd known. By some unspoken law, Rachel's mother had known Calla would come. Known she had to come.

had The slamming of a door made them both turn. Tony had loaded the suitcases and shut the trunk, drifting around to the driver's seat with barely a word. He didn't so much as turn to call to his wife. He just climbed into the car and shut the door, staring ahead with his hands on the steering wheel.

Patricia turned back to Calla, her eyes like two black holes. She pursed her lips. "We're going to visit my brother out in Florida for a few weeks."



We're leaving, was what she didn't say. We're leaving and we're never coming back. Because she left, and she's never coming back.

We're leaving, We're leaving and we're never coming back. Because left, and she's never coming back. "I understand," Calla offered, her voice barely a murmur. She couldn't take her eyes off of Tony, his hands wrapped around the steering wheel so tight she thought he might break it.

"Here." Patricia dug into the front pocket of her jeans, producing a little golden key—a replica of the one she'd possessed until very recently. "I want you to have this. You can...look after the place while we're away."

She offered Calla the key, who stared at it blankly.

Take it.

Take it. She glanced up at the older woman. "I...I can't—"

"I insist," Patricia said, her voice nearly frantic. She grabbed Calla's hand, startling her, and shoved the key into her palm. "Please. Take it. Rachel would want you...she'd want you to have it. What's ours has always been yours."

"It's your home ," Calla said weakly, staring down at the key in her hand. Patricia withdrew, shoving her hands behind her back.

home "No. Not anymore." She gave Calla a weak smile. The corners of her mouth twitched, as if the cool, empty facade she wore now was close to cracking. "We have to leave. You're welcome here any time. If you ever need her. We...left her room untouched. It might bring you comfort."

As if that empty house would make Calla feel any closer to a dead girl. But why else had she come here, if not for that reason?

Because something is wrong, the voice whispered again. The key is gone. Why is the key gone, Calla?

Because something is wrong, The key is gone. Why is the key gone, Calla? "I..." Patricia reached out and brushed a stray hair behind Calla's ear. The smooth glass behind her eyes cracked, showing a flash of grief so profound it nearly took Calla's breath away. But then it was gone. The woman leaned forward to give Calla one more brief hug. "We've got to go."

She released Calla and turned, jogging back to the car. She slammed the passenger door behind her and Tony put the car in drive. As he swung around to pass Calla, their eyes met for a brief flash.

His were filled with regret. Calla had barely raised her hand in farewell before they were halfway down the drive, kicking up gravel as they sped away.

Calla stared back up at the house, which seemed drastically emptier than before. Gripping the key in her hand, she marched up to the front door. It swung open on silent hinges, welcoming her to what had, in just the last few moments, become a tomb.

She didn't linger in the kitchen to pour a glass of water, despite the fact that she was parched from her walk. She didn't linger at all. She headed straight for the grand staircase, her hand trailing on the ornate railing. Her boots clattered against the marble, echoing throughout the house.

At the end of the hall, she found Rachel's room.

The door swung open with a slight creak, as if it hadn't been touched in some time—which, Calla supposed, it hadn't. She stepped inside, closing the door softly behind her. It shut with a soft click.

click. The bed had been made, the sheets smooth and untouched. The silky pink bedspread invited Calla to sit, to lay, to laugh and gossip and share secrets with a girl who was no longer here. She imagined if she closed her eyes, even just for a moment, she would open them and find Rachel sitting in her usual spot, sprawled out in the center of her king-sized bed, lying on her back with her arms spread wide.



But she didn't close her eyes. And whatever phantom of Rachel she felt lingering in the room disappeared, evaporating in the silence.

Calla walked over to pull open the curtains, letting the cloudy light filter into the room. It illuminated the space, causing the crystals that hung on the opposite wall to glitter. She peddled backward until the back of her legs hit the bed and then she sat, falling back on one of the pillows.

She let out a deep breath, causing dust motes to dance in the weak light streaming in through the windows. She turned her head to watch them, analyzing the patterns they made in the air, trying to calculate where they might float next. But whatever path they followed escaped her. She could no more predict where a speck of dust might fall than she could predict her own future.

Rachel is dead, she thought slowly, her eyes tracking one speck of dust and then another. Rotting somewhere in the cemetery.

Rachel is dead, Rotting somewhere in the cemetery. Where she imagined most people would feel pain—a gaping sense of loss so vast it translated to physical misery—she felt only the steady rhythm of her heart.

Thump-thump. Thump-thump. Thump-thump.

Thump-thump. Thump-thump. Thump-thump. Fury gripped her. Rachel was dead. Rachel was dead and she felt nothing.

nothing. Balling her fists in frustration, Calla screwed up her face until she could feel tears pooling in her eyes. Crying on command was something she'd mastered years ago, when she realized that it wouldn't be enough to hide her face and sniff behind her hands.

Her tears were real. She felt them building, her eyes burning. But it wasn't enough. Inside, she still felt no different.

She gasped, sucking in deep, heaving breaths, forcing her hands to tremble. She willed her body to react, to feel the grief that escaped her. Her throat tightened as tears spilled over her cheeks.

feel But despite it all—the tears and the broken gasps struggling through her aching throat—what she felt was only physical. She was a shell. Beautifully camouflaged...but empty.

This is stupid.

This is stupid. She sucked in a deep breath and immediately relaxed, her tears drying. Blinking up at the ceiling, she wiped her face with the back of her hand, her expression settling back into one of smooth indifference.

Anguish. That's what she should have felt. But she'd been born with a missing piece, something inside her head or her soul—if there was such a thing—that left her blank and cruel.

should She rubbed her swollen eyes, irritated. What was the point of agonizing over the dead, anyway? She sure as hell hadn't walked across town just to lie in her dead best friend's bed and sulk. Even Rachel, complete with all her normal human emotions, would have been disappointed to see her friend reduced to such a thing.

"I'm sorry, Rachel," Calla said in the quiet, her voice startlingly loud.

Calla could picture Rachel leaning against the doorframe to her closet, a new dress draped over one arm and an eyebrow raised, as if to ask, Okay...that's great and all, but now what?

Okay...that's great and all, but now what? "Now what?" Calla agreed, continuing the imaginary conversation aloud. She sat up and threw her legs over the side of the bed, planting her feet on the floor. She stared hard at her scuffed boots, her brows drawn low.

Catch the killer, obviously. That's what.

Catch the killer, obviously. That's what. The voice in her head was unmistakably Rachel's. Calla glanced over her shoulder, peering back at the walk-in closet. Rows of clothes, untouched for months, hung inside. But no Rachel.



She stood, trailing her fingers along the silky bedspread as she made her way to the closet. She hesitated in the doorway, staring into darkness. When she turned on the light, she half-expected to find the closet in a disarray. Rachel never bothered to hang up her clothes, preferring instead to fling each item onto the floor, discarded.

But of course it wasn't. The maids must have come in to clean. The closet was spotless, rows of dresses and coats lining the rack to her right, coordinated by color. Across from her, the wall of shoes was similarly organized, heels lining the top shelves and an array of boots lined along the front.

The boots she'd borrowed three months ago—the muck and filth and damning as the blood on her hands—taunted her. Ignoring them, Calla sat on the cream ottoman in the center of the closet, staring up at Rachel's selection of sweaters.

You've got to try harder. Rachel's voice again in her head, only this time Calla imagined she was standing somewhere behind her, shuffling through her selection of designer coats. You can't let me just... die like this. Catch the bastard, will you?

You've got to try harder. You can't let me just... like this. Catch the bastard, will you? "I'm trying," Calla muttered darkly, rubbing her temples with her fingers. She sighed. "There's just...too many pieces."

So you're giving up?

So you're giving up? "No," Calla snapped, turning—and finding nothing. Of course. Rachel was dead, and Calla was losing her mind. She turned, throwing back her head and closing her eyes. "I can do this."

She heaved a sigh, the silence of the house swallowing up the sound.

"But if you have any...oh, I don't know. Helpful insights? That would be fantastic," she muttered.

Me, helpful? Rachel's laughter reverberated around her skull. Don't hold your breath.

Me, helpful? Don't hold your breath. Calla turned. As expected, Rachel was nowhere to be found. Her row of coats hung in a neat line, organized by texture and color.

Organized.

We left her room untouched.

We left her room untouched. Calla bolted to her feet. She turned in a slow circle, seeing the space with new eyes. The pristine floor. The color-coordinated rack of shoes. The neat rows of designer labels.

"You were always such a slob," Calla whispered, walking forward to brush her fingers along the coat rack. "Who cleaned up after you? Mommy and Daddy certainly didn't."

She paused, her fingertips pinching the sleeve of the mink coat Rachel had donned the night of the gala. She ran her hands along its length, searching—

Her breath caught. Something flat and hard had been left in one of the pockets.

I never was big into reading, Rachel whispered as Calla withdrew a green, leatherbound book. She ran her fingers down the spine. The beast in her belly hissed.

I never was big into reading, "Grimm's Fairy Tales," Calla read aloud, tapping the decorative green cover with her index finger. The gilded pages flashed in the overhead light. "Someone returned Aunt Alice's book, Rach."

I don't think that's for me. Rachel's voice faded into the background. A hushed whisper.

I don't think that's for me. Calla's head throbbed, the pain increasing with each second that passed. Her grip on the book tightened, her nails digging into the soft leather.

He was here. The killer was here.

He was here. The killer was here. "The killer has the key," Calla whispered, clutching the book with both hands. She closed her eyes and swallowed, fighting to keep the beast from clawing its way to the surface.

She hadn't thought about the key in weeks—not until she'd realized it was missing this morning. She could only imagine what had happened to it. Had it fallen out of her back pocket? Or had someone from school lifted it from her locker, rifling through her things?

Worse, if the killer had somehow snuck into her room. She could have sworn she'd left it in her nightstand. Apparently, her memory could not be trusted.

This killer can't be all bad, Rachel joked. Always so upbeat. They did a pretty good job tidying up the place, don't you think?

This killer can't be all bad, They did a pretty good job tidying up the place, don't you think? "They're taunting me." Calla began pacing, walking to the wall of shoes and back again. "Sneaking in here. Throwing this book in my face. Touching your things."

Calla knew what the book meant. The killer had already taken the pages they needed. The rest of the murders were mapped out and ready to execute.

The killer had the advantage. And they knew it. They'd outmaneuvered Calla at every turn. Just when she thought she had a piece of the puzzle—they beat her to the punchline.

You aren't alone, Calla. What about Cooper? Rachel's voice wrapped around Calla like a layer of sweet perfume. You have him.

You aren't alone, Calla. What about Cooper? You have him. Cooper Daniels.

Calla's one advantage—which truly was the greatest irony of her life. She'd promised him his life in exchange for permission to kill. But she'd made a different promise, too. A promise to Rachel.

Don't you want to find out who did it? He'd asked her. Don't you owe her that much?

Don't you want to find out who did it? Don't you owe her that much? Always asking the right questions.

If all else failed—if she couldn't catch the killer before Cooper's time ran out—she would use him as bait. Whether or not he survived the trap she would lay to catch the killer...well. Was that really her problem?

She brushed away the idea. She didn't want to resort to those means. Sitting by idly wasn't in her nature. No. She would be more proactive than that.

If Calla could only hunt down the rest of the victims—preferably before their death. She could use the information to nail down the killer's next move. But so far, that task seemed to be impossible.

before The headache plaguing her began to worsen. Thoughts of Cooper and Rachel and murder and revenge vied for her attention, blurring together in a dizzying vortex. There were so many knots to untangle, so many avenues to pursue. Every little distraction threw her further off course, putting her ultimate goal beyond her reach.

To find the one who had taken Rachel from her. Because Rachel had been hers, and hers alone. And she'd been stolen away by some thief in the night.

hers, Suddenly exhausted, Calla tucked the book under her arm and began sifting through Rachel's sweaters. She reviewed each one with a critical eye, letting her mind relax, drifting away from dark thoughts of murder and revenge.

Instead, she thought of Astrid. Ryan. Jessica. Gareth. Mike. Blake. She imagined each of their faces objectively, doing her best to step away from the problem and think of each suspect with the same casual indifference with which she now treated Rachel's sweaters.

Astrid's whispered warning in the church.

Stay away from Vincent.

Stay away from Vincent. Jessica's dramatic split from Mike, the bruises on his face.

I've seen her do crazier shit, Calla.

I've seen her do crazier shit, Calla. Blake's busted hands. Gareth's dangerous temper. Mike's array of bruises. Ryan's visit to the station the night of Tracy's murder.

A cream sweater caught her eye and she slipped it off the hanger, running the material over her hands.

Patient. She needed to be patient.

"I'm going to find you," she whispered, draping the sweater over her arm. "I'm going to find you."

Thank you, a soft voice murmured, right as Calla turned off the light and marched out of Rachel's room. She hurried from the empty house with a renewed vigor, ignoring the urge to look back over her shoulder as she strode down the gravel driveway, a stolen sweater and leather-bound book in hand.

Thank you, I'm going to find you.

I'm going to find you. She repeated those words the entire walk home.





25: Solving A Murder Mystery Is Way Harder Than It Sounds


Cooper adjusted in his seat, ignoring Calla's sideways look.

"Would you sit still?" she demanded.

"I have to get comfortable." He pulled at his jeans.

Calla sighed, burying her hand in the bag of popcorn they were supposed to be sharing. She'd already managed to mow through half of it well before the previews. He watched her apprehensively, waiting for the inevitable burst of fury.

Her calm demeanor unnerved him.

"Aren't you mad?" he asked, tentative. She'd taken the news of his tall tale well. Too well. Sitting here in the dark theater, he'd assumed now—before the others arrived, but not in the total privacy of her room—would be the best time to tell her and get the ordeal over with.

Too She'd sat in silence as he told her about his conversation with Ryan. He held back nothing, giving her every dirty, illicit detail. How he'd fabricated her involvement in the drug market, giving Ryan the impression that she and Jacob had been on bad terms not because of Cooper, but because of—using her own words—a deal gone wrong.

Her only reaction came as a derisive snort as he told her about Jacob's motive behind dealing. Ryan had given Cooper the edited version, but from what he'd gathered, Jacob's home life had made Vincent's look like an idyllic dream. He'd been left on his grandmother's doorstep as a newborn, and raised by the woman for the last seventeen years. Or so he and the rest of the town had thought. Cooper had been alarmed to learn that Jacob's grandmother—his caretaker and the only family he'd ever known—had passed away three years ago. Ryan never elaborated how Jacob had bamboozled the system, exactly; he only knew that Jacob had somehow managed to keep her death a secret, terrified of being thrown into the system and losing everything.

years "I guess the old broad kept her savings in cash...she didn't trust the banks. The money finally ran out over the summer. Jake got desperate. He heard about a good gig and jumped at the chance to make some money."

"I guess the old broad kept her savings in cash...she didn't trust the banks. The money finally ran out over the summer. Jake got desperate. He heard about a good gig and jumped at the chance to make some money." The story hadn't seemed to move Calla. Not even an inch.

"Mad?" She stuffed another handful of popcorn into her mouth. Her next words came out as a jumble. "Why would I be mad?"

Cooper hesitated. He couldn't believe his luck. Why push it now? "Because...I told Ryan you're a coke fiend?"

"You could have told him I'm a murderer. Of all the lies to tell, that one's the safest." She smirked, amused by his obvious fear as he awaited her reaction. "Besides, it worked. He trusts you. And now we know that Jacob isn't the ring leader."

"We...do?"

"Coop." She gave a huge sigh. "Jacob was a follower. A jackass, yeah. But a sheep in wolf's clothes." Something about the phrase made her smile. Probably because she was quite the opposite—a wolf in sheep's clothes. "Ryan said that Jacob was essentially offered the job, right?"

follower. sheep's "Oh." The pieces clicked together. He heard about a good gig. Of course. "He was just a part of a larger operation."

He heard about a good gig. She nodded along. "Yep. Sounds like it. Someone else is calling the shots."

"Gareth?"

"Please. Don't make me laugh." Calla sank further into her seat with an eye roll. "If what you said is true, Gareth hasn't been using for long. Since the dance. Maybe since Tracy's death."

"But he could be dealing now, too," Cooper pointed out. "If the murders are connected to the drug ring..."

"If," she muttered, almost too low for him to make out. "So many if's ."

if's

He had nothing to say to that. Rather than make light conversation, he allowed the silence to fester, the hum of the projector behind them oddly soothing. He stared down at his shoes. Dim orange light filtered from below their seats, illuminating the aisles just enough to see the sort of nasty, sticky things you definitely didn't want to see.

didn't His eyes drifted back to Calla, as they always did. The strange light cast eerie shadows across her face, giving her a sinister look.

Or maybe that was just his overactive imagination.

He thought of his couch back home, the cushions warm and inviting. He could be there now, playing video games with Vincent—if his friend would ever text him back, that is. Despite the fact that they shared half their school day together, Vincent had done astonishingly well at avoiding Cooper ever since the incident on Monday. Cooper had tried to explain Calla's text a dozen times, brushing it off as a joke.

But there were only so many ways he could spin it. At the end of the day, the girl his best friend liked had invited him to the movies. And Cooper had no idea how to tell Vincent the truth: that he was just trying to help his neighbor kill the person who was killing everyone else.

him Talk about a fucking headache.

You're not at homes playing video games, Coop. You're in a dark movie theater with a psychopath, trying to figure out who wants you dead. Get to work.

You're not at homes playing video games, Coop. You're in a dark movie theater with a psychopath, trying to figure out who wants you dead. Get to work. Cooper crossed his arms, breaking the silence. "Have you figured out which pages are missing from the book?"

The book. The leatherbound tom had shown up in a dead girl's house, conveniently—or strategically—placed in the very coat Rachel had donned the night of her murder. Calla had told him everything over the phone, the call short and succinct. Cooper once again resisted the urge to point out that the book hadn't been in Calla's possession. If she'd killed Tracy Smith, she'd been smart enough to leave the book behind.

The book. hadn't Or she'd been framed. He held onto that hope, desperate and fruitless as it might be.

Calla made a face, as if insulted by the question. Or annoyed. Could she read his thoughts? Did she know he still held out hope of her innocence?

She picked at the hem of her oversized sweater. "Of course I did. Do I look incompetent?"

"We really need to work on our communication." Cooper lifted his eyes to the heavens. " Why haven't you told me?"

Why "Why haven't you gone to the yearbook lab yet?"

"Don't..." he stuttered, aghast. "Don't change the subject!"

She shook the bag. The aroma of popcorn wafted over him. "Here I am, carrying the weight of this investigation. It's exhausting."

He leaned toward her. "The lab is closed, alright? Steph's been busting her ass to get it reopened. Apparently, the detectives got the same idea we did. And they actually have the authority to throw their weight around and get things done."

closed, "I'll accept that answer," she said after a minute's consideration.

He somehow managed to keep from rolling his eyes.

"It really didn't take much to track down the missing pages." Calla popped a kernel into her mouth. "I have no idea what the order is, or what lines the killer is drawn to, specifically. But one of the pages was an excerpt from Snow White. The other from some tale called Faithful John."

"I can't believe that creep broke into Rachel's place," Cooper muttered. He doubted that the new intel would narrow down their search—none of the suspects were named John, and faithful wouldn't be the word Cooper would use to describe...well, any of the six—but it felt good to know something that they hadn't known a week ago. "What kind of psycho organizes their victim's closet? What's the point?"

faithful

"Attention, maybe." Calla's voice was quiet, strained. Fighting back some emotion Cooper couldn't place. "Or a sign. If the killer hadn't left the place so spotless, I never would have known they'd been there. They wanted me to find the book."

Cooper sank down in his seat. "Probably because it's useless. Seriously. What good is having the book? I feel like we're spinning around in circles." It felt good to finally admit the truth aloud. "We're no closer to figuring out who the killer is than we were four months ago."

useless. A wave of despair crashed into him, taking his breath away. He kept his eyes locked on the big screen. He could feel Calla watching him, no doubt appraising the sudden downshift in his mood.

"We have six suspects," she started slowly. He didn't hear the shuffle of popcorn. She must have been paying attention to him, for once. Close attention. "That's a hell of a lot to go on."

"Really? Because I'm still going to die." He closed his eyes, miserable. "It's been over a month since Rachel died. We're due for another dead body. Which means I'm one step closer to getting my neck hacked off."

"You're not going to get your neck hacked off," she snapped. He flinched.

They both watched an advertisement for the Greenwitch Diner flash across the screen. It disappeared after a few seconds, plunging the room into semi-darkness.

He said nothing. He could barely breathe. He kept imagining his lifeless body, a red line cutting across his throat and his eyes wide with shock. He wondered if the killer would laugh while he died. If it would be quick.

If it would be painful.

They sat in silence. Calla put the bag of popcorn on the floor, shifting restlessly beside him. He tried to fight the images in his head, tried to banish thoughts of his own premature demise, but it was no use. He was a dead man.

"I'm not going to let you die, Cooper."

That got his attention. He looked at her, full of doubt. He expected her to be exasperated. Frustrated, even. Surely there would be some sort of witty retort on her tongue that would ruin the moment entirely?

But the witty retort never came. She just watched him. Intently.

He looked back at the screen, flustered. He wanted to believe she meant it. He wanted that desperately.

But he didn't believe it. Not for one second.

"Cooper—"

Whatever she'd been about to add got cut off by the sound of shouting. They both turned as faint light spilled into the theater from the side door. A harried Stephanie held it open, peering up into the dark aisles above.

Voices, louder now because of the open door, shattered the darkness.

"I told you not to bring that shit in my car!"

"What are you even talking about?"

talking Cooper recognized Ryan's voice, cut with a defensive edge. He glanced at Calla and together they stood, hurrying down to Stephanie. She caught sight of them and began waving frantically.

"What the hell's going on?" Calla asked, bewildered. Cooper had to admit he felt the same.

"Jessica," Stephanie spat out, as if that explained the entire situation.

Stephanie's outfit halted his train of thought. A cropped sweater showed off her olive skin, highlighting the curve of her hip. Cooper's face flushed.



"Okay?" Calla tried to catch his eye, but he was already moving, eager to escape his inexplicable embarrassment. He caught the door before it snapped shut, stepping out into the hall.

From where he stood in the small theater, he had a perfect view of the main lobby. An elderly couple and a quartet of sisters stood in line for concessions. The smallest girl pulled her jacket tighter around her shoulders, shivering in the cold air that wafted in from one of the front doors, which had been left open. Cooper could feel the gust of wind that blew in from where he stood. He crossed his arms instinctively, goosebumps breaking out on his skin.

Gathered just outside of the theater doors, Ryan and Jessica stood at odds with one another. Jessica's face had turned an alarming shade of violet. Venus Upton and Hayley Singleton hovered behind her, something in their stance coming across as defensive. The trio could have passed for sisters.

Astrid stood at Jessica's other side, both of and apart from the other girls. Her face was a portrait of disgust.

"You know what? You can find your own ride back home," Jessica snapped. She folded her arms, perhaps to keep herself from grabbing hold of Ryan's neck.

Ryan wasn't fazed by her anger. He scoffed, the hood drawn over his head obscuring most of his profile. "What's your problem ?"

problem "You," she hissed back, unfolding her arms long enough to throw a finger in his face. "Peddling that bullshit around—"

"Shut your mouth," he said, brushing her hand away. She jerked her arm back, affronted.

Venus threw Ryan a dirty look. "Don't touch her!"

"Oh, please." He rolled his eyes.

"C'mon, guys." Ali Marks glanced at the others in their group. Her strawberry blonde hair looked several shades too red in the odd lighting of the theater. Steven Lowry, her boyfriend, gave her arm a reassuring squeeze. He'd step in for Ryan, if it came to it.

Acting on impulse, Cooper stepped forward and grabbed Ryan by the shoulder. The other boy jumped. He shot him a questioning look, angry heat still simmering in his eyes, but Cooper only shrugged. "Who cares? Let's just watch the movie. Or we can ditch."

That idea seemed to please Ryan, who relaxed almost immediately. Ali Marks seemed equally thrilled by the idea. As the sheriff's niece, she no doubt wanted nothing to do with any behavior that would bring him down to the theater.

Jessica's snide voice put a swift end to the peace offering.

"Screw you, Daniels." She stormed toward the theater door, throwing him a haughty look as she went. "No one invited you anyway."

Cooper flushed.

Defensive again, Ryan shook off Cooper's hand. "Stop being such a horrible bitch, Jess."

"Or what?" She asked sweetly, lingering outside of the theater.

Ryan's expression darkened. He clenched his jaw and folded his arms, but otherwise made no move to continue the argument. Cooper's cheeks were still flushed, Jessica's words rolling around his head on repeat.

No one invited you anyway.

No one invited you anyway. "You really should watch your mouth, Jess," a cold voice drawled.

Cooper twisted his head to the side. He wasn't sure where she'd come from, but suddenly Calla was there, standing less than a foot away from Jessica. The hungry, cold look in her eyes was one he'd seen before. Just never in public.

there, It was the face she kept hidden from the rest of the world—the same face he'd first seen the day he accused her of killing his cat, when she'd given him a taste of the thing lurking inside her. And even then Cooper had known there was more down there, deep inside where even she was afraid to look.

thing

Cooper glanced around, horrified. But if anyone else noticed, they didn't let on.

Jessica stared up at Calla, her mouth twisted in a sneer. Calla's eyes narrowed, and something in the other girl's expression faltered. She looked away with a roll of her eyes, throwing open the theater door a little too quickly.

When she spoke, not even the venom of her words could disguise the quiver in her voice. "And screw you too, Calla," she called over her shoulder, disappearing into the dark theater.

Cooper stared at Calla, dumbfounded. And not just because he'd never seen her break character in public before. But because he hadn't expected—not in a million years—that she would ever defend him for any reason at all.

million Oh, God. Cooper watched her usual mask slip back into place. She's going to kill her. Damn it. What am I going to—

Oh, God. She's going to kill her. Damn it. What am I going to— "Hey." Ryan reached up to throw an arm over Cooper's shoulders. "You're right. Screw her, right?"

"Seriously. Don't listen to her," Ali chimed in. She wrapped her arms around Steven's waist and shot Calla a kind smile. He hugged her back absentmindedly. Trevor Miles, who stood on his other side, disguised a gag.

Steven bit back a grin. "She's just in a mood for some reason. What'd you do, Ryan? Spill something in her car?"

"Ketchup," he confirmed, also fighting back a smile. "Father forgive me, for I have sinned."

"What did I miss?"

Cory Michaels walked up to their group with his arms spread wide, eyes flickering from face to face. His gaze lingered on Calla, who offered him a smile.

"Jessica," Ali and Stephanie said in unison.

Why did girls think that was actually an answer?

actually "Ah." Cory walked over to Calla and leaned against her shoulder. He looked down at her with a soft smile. "Well, don't let the wicked bitch of the west bother you."

Ryan and the other guys laughed. Even Stephanie grinned, throwing her arm around Calla's other side so that she and Cory had her sandwiched between them. Calla rolled her eyes and sighed, playfully bemoaning her predicament.

Their group slowly began piling into the theater, Cooper shuffling in with Ryan and Trevor, who'd also been there the day Jacob beat him within an inch of his life. Funny, how the thought barely bothered Cooper now.

He had much bigger problems.

Since when are those two at each other's throats? Cooper wondered, aware of Ryan by his side. As far as he knew, Jessica and Ryan had always been amicable, if not friendly. And now...they weren't?

Since when are those two at each other's throats? "I always knew Jess could be crazy, but..." Cooper commented as they filed down an aisle midway up the theater. He'd somehow ended up in line behind Calla, which meant he'd be between her and Ryan. What a combo.

"I dunno, dude." Ryan sighed as they sat, settling in near where he and Calla had been originally. As if on cue, Calla pulled a bag of popcorn out of nowhere, resuming her animated snacking.

"She's just been so... tense lately." Ryan shrugged off his hoodie and readjusted his Grateful Dead t-shirt. "Like, I get it. Breakups suck. But don't take it out on other people, y'know?"

tense "Definitely. Don't get me wrong. I like a clean car. But she's gotta chill."

"Yeah," Ryan murmured, the lights dimming as the previews began to roll.

He said nothing else on the subject, instead turning his attention to Trevor on his other side, the two muttering about something Cooper couldn't make out.

He liked Ryan. And Jessica was, without a doubt, a horrible bitch. So why did Cooper get the feeling that Ryan had just lied to him?

Cooper's phone buzzed and he slipped it out of his pocket, ignoring Calla smacking his shoulder with the back of her hand, hissing something about no phones inside the theater. His heart sank when he saw who the message was from.

You at the movies with Calla?

You at the movies with Calla? Calla leaned over to peer at his phone. He tried to shoulder her out of the way, frantically typing back: It's not like that...other people are here too.

It's not like that...other people are here too. And then he waited. And waited. And waited until the previews were almost finished. But Vincent never responded.

"What's all that about?" Calla hissed, keeping her voice low.

Cooper sighed. "Vincent thinks we're dating."

Calla, who had been taking a sip from her drink, choked. She coughed as subtly into her hand as possible, shooting Cooper a look. " What ?"

What "He's pissed we're at the movies together," Cooper explained. The lights dimmed, signaling the start of the film. "'Cause, y'know. We're secret lovers."

"Oh my God. "

God. Stephanie tapped Calla's shoulder, grabbing her attention for Cory, who sat on Stephanie's other side and looked quite put off about that fact. She grudgingly turned away from Cooper, wiping the exasperated look from her face.

I can't believe my best friend thinks I'm dating a psychopath, Cooper thought with despair, sinking into his seat as the movie began to play.

I can't believe my best friend thinks I'm dating a psychopath, Then again...I can't believe my best friend wants to date a psychopath.

Then again...I can't believe my best friend wants to a psychopath. Cooper didn't know which was worse. All he knew was that he needed to make things right with Vincent—and catch a killer—before his time finally ran out.





26: Selfish


Calla had no idea what she was doing.

Can I come over in like an hour? Really need to talk.

Can I come over in like an hour? Really need to talk. She contemplated Vincent's text from her favorite spot in bed, aggravation and curiosity warring within her. The leatherbound book lay in her lap, along with the knife she'd buried in her sock drawer and the spare key Patricia Smith had entrusted her with. Her fingers danced along the spine of the book as she swiped out of her texts and went into her recent calls, scrolling until she found Cooper's number. She held it up to her ear, her lips flattening into a sour line.

She traced the title of the tom— Grimm's Fairy Tales —as she waited. Cooper answered on the third ring. "What?"

Grimm's Fairy Tales "Rude."

"Goodbye."

Why is he so exhausting? Calla sighed, her very breath laced with annoyance. Her hand drifted away from the book, hovering over the knife. "Why is Vincent coming over to my place in an hour?"

Why is he so exhausting? Silence from the other end. And then: "Did he text you?"

"Yes, genius. And I can probably guess why."

Vincent thinks we're dating, he'd whispered to her last night, the two of them elbow-to-elbow in the theater, surrounded by people they hated.

Vincent thinks we're dating, Cooper groaned. "Look, I already tried telling him—"

"You're useless," she interrupted. "I have a date with Cory Michaels in—" she pulled the phone away from her face to read the time, "—four hours."

" What ? Why?"

What She gripped the knife, the bone-white handle cold and unforgiving. It felt unfamiliar in her hand. She wasn't sure why she thought it might feel different. "I need to squeeze more information out of him."

More silence. Then a sigh. "You think he knows anything?"

"I think he could find out if he really wanted to." Calla stared out of her open window, gazing across the field at Cooper's apartment complex. "I won't ask anything overly obvious. I'll pull some crap about how I need to move on from Rachel's death, blah-blah. I need closure, blah-blah—"

"Touching."

"—and see what he can tell me," she continued without skipping a beat. "About the murder weapon, the suspects, anything." The murder weapon that isn't currently in my hand, that is. "It's a long shot, but we have to cover all our bases, don't we?"

The murder weapon that isn't currently in my hand, that is. "I guess," Cooper admitted. "But, y'know..."

"Yes," she said irritably. "I know. Vincent."

"Please, Calla?" he practically begged on the other end of the line. She heard shuffling, as if he were sitting up in bed. "Just make things right, okay?"

"Why do I have to clean up your mess?" she snapped, frowning. What the hell did that even mean, make things right? As far as she was concerned, Cooper had landed them both in this mess. Why did he have to be so...socially inept?

I mean, "We can't let him fly off the handle right now," he tried to reason. "We need—"

" We don't need shit. You just want your friend back."

We Her knuckles had gone white from clenching the knife. She eased her grip.

"Tell me you don't like him even a little, and I'll drop it." Cooper sounded smug. "Go ahead. Tell me."

little,

Calla kept quiet, her eyes hooded with thought. She pursed her lips.

"Super. Good luck!" he said quickly, and the line went dead.

"You little bitch," she whispered, ripping the phone away from her ear.

Wasn't Vincent his friend? He should have been the one repairing their strained friendship, not her. And what did she care if Vincent hated them both?

his Tell me you don't like him even a little ...

Tell me you don't like him even a little But she knew it was more complicated than who she did or didn't like —if that was even what this was. If she kept ignoring Vincent, he would find other avenues to pursue, if only to make her jealous. And there was too good a chance that one of those avenues would lead somewhere dangerous. As capable as Vincent may have been, Calla didn't fancy serving him up on a silver platter for Astrid—or Gareth, or Jessica, or any of them—to devour.

like any Then again...Calla could let him wander into the lion's den. It would keep her path to Cory clear, and erase a potential distraction in her life. But was a clear head worth risking Vincent's life? Calla wasn't sure. Her skewed moral compass—if she had one at all—certainly wasn't pointing her in the right direction.

could Her eyes drifted back down to the knife.

Book. Knife. Key. Now all I need is a crystal ball.

Book. Knife. Key. Now all I need is a crystal ball. She tried to tell herself it was only logical to want Vincent safe, and to repair any damages his friendship with Cooper may have suffered. After all, if anything happened to him, there was no telling how Cooper would react. Would grief pull him further into her sinful promise of revenge?

Maybe. Or maybe it would be the reality check he needed to push him far, far away from her—and into the arms of the Greenwitch County Sheriff's Department.

Calla wasn't willing to take that risk. Which meant Vincent's safety wasn't just Cooper's problem anymore; it was hers, too.

She sighed and opened her messages. She typed back a quick response to Vincent: Sure.

Sure. He read her message but didn't respond—which probably meant he was already on his way. Fantastic.

Grumbling, Calla slid off the bed and grabbed the random assortment of items she'd laid out, cramming the knife back into the sock drawer for lack of a better plan. She tucked the book in the pocket of a heavy winter coat—an excellent hiding place, all things considered, though she hated the give the killer even that aquesience—and, for the sake of her sanity, she triple checked the key's nondescript location in her nightstand. She would not lose the key a second time.

The thought that the killer might have been here , in her room, rifling through her drawers, sent a pulse of anger through her veins. But she knew the thought was ludicrous. The killer had gotten their hands on the key in some other form or fashion. Calla had been careless, leaving such a small, precious thing in her back pocket. And when it wasn't in her pocket, it was in her purse, tucked not-so-safely away in her locker.

here She knew well how easily the killer could access a locker. They'd done it before. Twice.

Incriminating evidence thus hidden, Calla slunk into the bathroom, snatching up her toothbrush. She ran through the motions of basic hygiene as quickly as she could, but before she could even consider changing, the doorbell rang.

Calla darted out of the bathroom, hurrying down the hall to answer the door.

"I got it, Mom!" she called, hoping she wouldn't move from her spot in the living room. She doubted she would—her favorite Tom Cruise movie was playing, and it had barely begun.



Sucking in a deep breath to prepare herself, Calla opened the door and leaned against the frame. Vincent stood on her front porch, a sheepish look on his face and a ball cap pulled low over his eyes, which still had the remnants of bruising beneath them. He looked like he'd just come back from the locker room, his athletic bag slung over one shoulder, dressed in only shorts and a tank top that left approximately nothing to the imagination. He didn't seem fazed by the cold at all.

"Hey," he said, shifting from foot to foot. "Mind if I...?"

"Sure." Calla stepped aside to let him in, glancing into the kitchen. "Mom? Mind if I bring company to my room?"

"Sure, sweetheart," her mother called from the living room, her voice drifting from around the kitchen corner. She sounded completely distracted, the TV volume on blast.

She probably thinks it's Cooper, Calla thought, shutting the door behind Vincent.

She probably thinks it's Cooper, Vincent followed her down the hall to her room. For all his bulk, he barely made a sound, moving with a surprising level of grace. She put a finger to her lips to emphasize the need for stealth as they escaped to her room. And then she locked the door, bracing her back against it.

"So," she murmured, taking care to keep her voice low. "You said you wanted to talk?"

He dropped his bag on the floor and took off his hat, rubbing his hand through damp hair. "Yeah."

He glanced around her room, trying and failing to be surreptitious about it. He did a quick spin, soaking in the empty walls. "Not big into decor, huh?"

She pointed to a corkboard over her shoulder, next to the bedroom door. It was the only ornamentation in the room. He leaned forward to examine the pictures pinned there—mostly a tribute to Rachel, including a polaroid of the two embracing the first day of freshman year.

He stepped away and rubbed the back of his neck, embarrassed he'd intruded on such a personal part of her life. "So..."

"So?" Calla sat on the edge of her bed. Dull afternoon light filtered in through her half-shuttered windows. She was suddenly acutely aware of the fact that she was wearing her rattiest pair of sweatpants. "What's up?"

"Well...ah. This was a lot easier in my head," he mumbled, at a loss. He began pacing, his long legs taking him across her room in just a few steps. "Hold on."

"Take your time," she drawled, tilting her head to the side, a smile playing on her lips.

He wasn't as amused. He shot her a look and found his voice. "Are you and Cooper...?"

"No," she said simply, shrugging.

He stopped pacing and turned to face her, crossing his arms—which was far more distracting than she'd anticipated. "Oh?"

"Uh, yeah." Calla forced her eyes to stay up. "He's not my type. I'm flattered you're jealous, though."

up. "I—no one said I was jealous!"

She gave him a significant look. "Then why are you avoiding Cooper?"

He leaned back against her doorframe, flustered. Color had risen to his cheeks, and his dark eyes darted around the room. "I'm not."

"Vincent," Calla complained, deciding to tell the truth without giving away the whole game. "He won't stop badgering me about you! Just talk to him, okay? Cooper and I are not a thing."

badgering not

"You two hang out all the time now," Vincent grumbled, bitter. "And you're both so... secretive about it. He doesn't tell me anything anymore—"

secretive "We're friends now. Kind of," she explained, tilting her hand back and forth in an iffy gesture. "Remember that talk we had last semester?"

He was surprised at the sudden change in topic. "Yeah?"

His answer pleased her, which was odd. What should it matter if he remembered anything about their first real conversation?

"You got me thinking about how Coop and I used to be close," Calla admitted, pulling the explanation straight from her ass. It took every ounce of technique she'd learned over the years not to roll her eyes. "You were right. Things were different when we were little. And ever since Rachel...well."

Vincent looked stricken. He began to pace again, not knowing what to do with his hands. Shove them in his pockets? Run them through his hair? He did both, growing more agitated by the second.

"I didn't mean...I get that. But you two coulda just...just told me that," he burst out. Calla gave him a warning look and he winced, glancing at her closed door.

Yeah, we totally could have told you all about our hunt for a serial killer. Because, oh! I started this whole thing when I killed Tracy. Whoopsie.

Yeah, we totally could have told you all about our hunt for a serial killer. Because, oh! I started this whole thing when I killed Tracy. Whoopsie. Calla sighed, pushing her hair out of her face. She'd forgotten to put it up earlier, her thoughts consumed by Cooper and Vincent and Cory and—

Christ. When had boys become such a problem in her life?

boys "Look," Calla murmured, putting a measure of softness in her voice. "We didn't think to tell you because nothing is going on. It never even crossed our minds to give you a heads-up because we're—just—friends. Just friends."

nothing is going on. Just "Well..." Vincent sighed, flushing. He turned his head to the side to try and hide his embarrassment as he leaned against her bathroom door. "I'm an ass, huh?"

"Yup."

He sighed again.

"Come here."

He glanced at her, surprised, as she patted the spot next to her on the edge of the bed. He rubbed his jaw—the same spot where the skin was still slightly discolored, courtesy of Gareth Walker.

"Well?"

He pushed off from the wall and plopped down next to her. "So we agree that maybe I...overreacted?"

"Just text Coop, will you? I'm tired of his melodramatic whining."

He smirked. "That does sound like Coop. Sorry 'bout that."

Calla hugged her knees to her chest, glancing at him out of the corner of her eye. "I have a question for you now."

you Don't go down this path, Calla, she reprimanded herself. Don't make things more complicated than they need to be.

Don't go down this path, Calla, Don't make things more complicated than they need to be. I'm not being complicated, another part of her argued—the part of her that was still stuck in that empty hall, wrapped in fire. I'm just asking a simple question.

I'm not being complicated, I'm just asking a simple question. "Oh?" Vincent laid back on her bed, suddenly at ease, and crossed his arms behind his head. He looked happier than he had in weeks, as if a weight had been lifted from his shoulders. A droplet of water ran down the side of his neck. Calla felt a strange urge to reach forward and brush the skin there.



"Mmm." She picked at a stray hair on her sweatpants, tossing it into the floor. Anything to distract her thoughts. "Where do you and Astrid stand?"

Vincent sat up, all pretense of nonchalance gone. He cleared his throat. "Um...why?"

"You got to drill me about Cooper," she explained calmly. "So I want to know about Astrid. Fair is fair, right?"

Vincent's blush was back in full force. "We aren't really talking right now, if that's what you're asking."

"That doesn't tell me where you stand with her, though," Calla argued, looking back down at the floor.

Did it matter? Would his answer bring her any closer to finding the killer?

He turned to her. They were sitting close enough that their arms brushed. "I'm not gonna lie, Calla...I don't really know. I've always had a thing for her, I guess. But she's different now. I don't know what it is." He paused. "I lost a damn good friend over her, and that's on me. So I'm keeping my distance. I don't like who she's turned me into."

If only you knew what I could turn you into.

If only you knew what I could turn you into. "And who's that?" she asked softly, keeping her eyes on her sweatpants, suddenly fascinated by each individual thread.

"The kind of guy who goes behind a friend's back with his girl." He groaned. "I never wanted it to get so complicated."

Calla could relate. All too well.

"Well," she said lightly, eyes still cast downward. "Guess that answers my question. Sort of."

He didn't have anything to say to that.

She released her legs and fell back onto the bed, pushing her hair out of her face impatiently. Something about the turn in the conversation irked her.

I never wanted it to get so complicated.

I never wanted it to get so complicated. Vincent leaned back, positioning himself so that he hovered next to her. Propping himself up on one elbow, he picked up a strand of her hair and ran it over his fingers, a soft smile on his face. "I like your hair like this."

She glanced over at him, immediately detecting the shift in subject. Not that she cared. If anything, she appreciated the reprieve. "It's annoying."

"It's beautiful," he murmured, and then paused, contemplating. "For a ginger."

"I think you've overstayed your welcome."

He grinned at her. "Kidding. Totally kidding."

Close. He was so close. He still hovered just beside her, gazing down at her with a playful look that had been absent for the last few weeks, having evaporated in the stress and confusion following Rachel's death. A look that taunted her. That consumed her.

Calla sat up and scooted further onto the bed so that she could lean against her mountain of pillows—and put enough space between them so that she could think.

You're playing with fire, Calla.

You're playing with fire, Calla. She gazed at the foot of the bed where Vincent still lounged. The look in his eyes shifted. She'd seen it before, at the dance. Wrapped up in fire.

Feeling bold, she tossed her hair over her shoulder. "If you want to stay, you have to apologize. House rules. We don't allow ginger slander here."

"Of course," he said without missing a beat, trying to hide a smirk as he crawled up to her. "How could I be so rude?"

Oh.

Oh. He slowly positioned himself so that he hovered over her, his knees straddling her hips. He took care not to touch her, keeping a small gap of space between his body and hers. He smiled down at her as heat raced into her cheeks against her will, and very softly he leaned down to whisper in her ear.

"I'm sorry. Forgive me?"

She swallowed, trying to control her erratic breathing. She took one deep breath and then another. "Forgiven."

"Y'know, now that I think about it...I actually have one more question," he murmured, his lips still lingering by her ear.

Deep breath. "Yes?"

"Would it be too awful of me to kiss you again?"

He turned his face so that their lips were nearly brushing. In the back of her mind, Calla was aware of the promise she'd made to Cory, of the line she'd sworn not to cross with Vincent for fear of losing her focus.

She didn't care. Vincent was too close for her to care.

to She reached up and grabbed his shirt, crushing him to her. He closed the gap between them instantly, their bodies melding together. Her hands moved from his shirt to twine in his hair, still damp from the shower. He smelled intoxicating—not like the sharp scent of cologne, but like rain and sweat and heat. Like summer.

He bit her bottom lip and she gasped, her fingers turning to claws in his hair. He groaned against her mouth and then moved to kiss her jaw, her neck. She arched into his touch. His fingertips left behind trails of fire, igniting every nerve in her body, a sensation that quickly spread down to her thighs.

She pulled his face back up to hers and began to explore his mouth, much to his delight. He smiled against her kisses, one hand holding his weight while the other trailed down her waist, her hips, her thighs. She was reminded again of how little experience she had in this—and how his experience more than made up for what she lacked.

She didn't mind. In this, she could be patient. She could learn.

With practice. Lots of practice.

He broke the kiss, panting. The hand still in his hair drifted down to his face, dragging down his cheek and then his neck. He shuddered and she smiled, pleased with herself.

"Wait. Maybe one more question." His voice came out as a breathless murmur. Experimenting, Calla leaned forward to kiss his jawline, working her way down his neck.

"Um." He let out a heavy sigh, his head rolling to one side, giving her better access. "Calla..."

"Mmm?" She leaned back and blinked at him innocently. "Did you have a question?"

"Uh." He hesitated, eyes focused on her lips. He swallowed. "It can wait..."

"Good," she murmured, wrapping her legs around his waist.

He leaned forward and, consumed by him, she forgot about Cory and Rachel and Cooper and all of the others who demanded her attention every second of every day.

In this moment—just this one moment—she could be selfish.





27: The Missing Link


Cooper frowned down at his psych assignment. Saturdays were supposed to be for the boys. Not for the study of psychopathology.

A position that Vincent fervently defended. "It's the weekend . Save the homework for tomorrow. Let's go see a movie or something."

weekend Vincent's good mood could only mean that his conversation with Calla had gone well. Very well. Cooper sighed. "Can't."

Very "Can. Totally can. You just won't ."

won't Cooper didn't know how to tell Vincent why he didn't want to go see a movie. Best not to let it slip that the object of his affection had planned a date with another guy. Cooper didn't imagine Vincent would be very forgiving of a second transgression.

why "Come over," he said instead, tapping his pen against the cramped desk he and his mom had managed to shove in the corner of his room. "Mom's making dinner."

"Lasagna?" Vincent asked hopefully. Cooper almost laughed.

"Yeah. Sure. She'll make it if you're coming."

"Oh, I'm so there."

so "No rush..." A crashing sound made him jump. "What was that?"

"I'm trying to get my shit together. Hold on. Dad's—"

Static from the other end of the line. Cooper felt an unexpected rush of anxiety send his heartbeat into overdrive. Vincent's faint, defeated voice bolstered his doubt: "Gotta go. Call you back later."

The call ended. Cooper put the phone down slowly, scowling at the blank screen.

"Mom!" he called, darting to his door. He leaned his head out into the hall.

His mom looked up from the couch. She'd pulled their rattiest blanket up to her chin, her fair hair thrown into a messy bun. She looked far younger than her years, her eyes wide and startled. "What?"

"Vincent's coming over." He paused to emphasize his next statement. "He got caught up with his dad."

Her scowl mirrored the one he wore. The silence stretched between them, thick with anticipation. Finally, she nodded.

Cooper ducked back into his room, but not before he caught her dark mutter: "Let that boy come over with a single mark on him...that'll be the day."

Yes. That would be the day. Cooper felt a jolt of dark pleasure as he thought about his neighbor. If Vincent ever needed a place to stay, Cooper's door would always be open. But if the threat became more serious, more immediate, he had another card up his sleeve.

would immediate, A deadly card.

She's not your secret assassin, Coop. She's a vindictive murderer. And she'll turn around and bite you just as quickly as she would a total stranger.

She's not your secret assassin, Coop. She's a vindictive murderer. And she'll turn around and bite you just as quickly as she would a total stranger. Still. A guy could dream.

Cooper spent the next hour bent over his desk, brows furrowed as he read through one article after the next, reading abstracts on scientific studies that took a closer look at a variety of mental disorders. Anxiety. Depression. Schizophrenia. ADHD. Bipolar disorders. PTSD. And, toward the bottom of the list of topics that Mr. Prichard had typed out, something known as dissociative amnesia.

dissociative amnesia. A temporary loss of memory, a quick search explained. A result of dissociation or trauma.

A temporary loss of memory, A result of dissociation or trauma. The phrase tickled the back of his brain. He kept circling back around to the term, even once he reached the end of his assignment, taking care to explain which topics had piqued his interest and why.



A temporary loss of memory...

My memory of that night is a bit faulty.

My memory of that night is a bit faulty. He realized why the term seemed familiar. Calla. Of course his psych assignment tied back to his neighbor in some strange, convoluted way. Cooper's pen hovered over the assignment as he considered the possibility that dissociative amnesia could be what Calla suffered from.

Calla. Trauma. Is that what we're calling cold-blooded murder these days?

Trauma. Is that what we're calling cold-blooded murder these days? Cooper snorted and shoved his notebook back in his backpack. He'd settled on three topics—obsessive compulsive disorder, of course, and also dissociative amnesia and antisocial personality disorder, because apparently he wanted to delve into Calla's brain as thoroughly as possible—and now had nothing left to do. Nothing except wait and wonder.

Where are you, Vincent...

Where are you, Vincent... As if on cue, the doorbell rang.

Cooper's mom beat him to the door, the blanket wrapped around her shoulders. Vincent took up the entire doorframe and then some, his hands shoved in the pockets of a black Cowboys hoodie. His eyes were downcast, his shoulders hunched under the weight of his athletic bag—though the weight had never bothered him before.

Cooper's mom enveloped Vincent in a hug, wrapping her arms around his waist. Her head barely brushed his collarbone. He didn't move, not at first. But after a few seconds he relented, melting into her embrace. He buried his face in her hair.

Cooper retreated to the kitchen, pretending not to notice.

"Let's whip up some lasagna," his mom announced, coming up behind Cooper and ruffling his hair.

Vincent had made himself at home on the couch. He smiled at the thought of a warm meal.

"You done with your homework?" he asked Cooper, hope tinging his words.

"As a matter of fact, yes." He immediately went for his gaming system. "World's End?"

" Yes. " Vincent rubbed his hands together. Cooper concealed an eye roll.

Yes. "Don't look so excited. You're garbage."

Vincent gave him an affronted look. It quickly melted into a sheepish grin. They both knew and accepted the fact that he couldn't play video games to save his life, courtesy of being an athletic god in real life. He didn't have the time to spare to get any good; his dad's militant reign of terror over his schedule ensured that.

Practice, practice, and—wait for it—practice. Cooper may have envied Vincent his physique, but his life? Not a chance. The thought gave Cooper pause, a wave of pity threatening to spoil the moment.

He had his mom. Vincent had no one; they both knew his dad didn't count.

"Speaking of garbage," Vincent started brightly. Something about his cheery tone seemed forced. "Guess who texted me today?"

"Uh. Me?"

"Use your big boy brain, Coop."

"Fine." He considered. "Astrid?"

Vincent crossed his arms, his controller forgotten on the coffee table. "How'd you guess?"

"'Cause she's been stringing you along for months, so why stop now?"

Vincent considered this and then nodded. "Fair." He held up a finger. "But this was different. She's acting like an actual crazy person now."

Their eyes slid to the kitchen. Cooper's mom popped a baking dish in the oven, oblivious to their conversation.



"As opposed to..." He waved a hand. "A fake crazy person?"

"You're totally focusing on the wrong things." Vincent ran a hand down his face. An attempt to keep his temper in check.

A familiar, shrill ringtone filled the air. Cooper's mom muttered under her breath as she darted to the bedroom, though Cooper already knew what to expect. Another call from work, asking if she could please pull another night shift.

please He and Vincent shared a look.

"Anyway." Vincent pulled his phone out of his front pocket. "Astrid's off her rocker. She tried to call me three times before ten in the morning. " He hesitated, phone in hand.

morning. "What? Let me see." Cooper held out his hand.

Vincent swallowed audibly. "It's...weird."

Weird normal? Cooper wondered, uneasy about the odd light shining in Vincent's eyes—was that fear? Or weird...not normal?

Weird normal? Or weird...not normal? He pulled up a string of texts and tossed the phone to Cooper, who barely managed to catch it. He read the first text. And then the second. And the third.

Okay. Weird not normal.

Okay. Weird not normal. His heart skipped. "Um. Dude?"

"I know."

Each new text increased his sense of dread. His throat began to feel uncomfortably tight. As if the walls were closing in, limiting the supply of air in the apartment.

I can't do this anymore .

I can't do this anymore I have nightmares every night now and it's driving me crazy Vincent.

I have nightmares every night now and it's driving me crazy Vincent. Please talk to me.

Please talk to me. I miss talking to you.

I miss talking to you. I'm so sorry for everything. I just want to go back to how things used to be...

I'm so sorry for everything. I just want to go back to how things used to be... "How things used to be?" Cooper asked, incredulous. "Back when she got to have her cake and eat it too?"

"Just keep reading," Vincent urged, his face troubled.

I know what I did was horrible and I'm so sorry.

I know what I did was horrible and I'm so sorry. I've done so many horrible things...

I've done so many horrible things... Please?

Please? I didn't mean to do any of it.

I didn't mean to do any of it. Vincent I'm in so much trouble.

Vincent I'm in so much trouble. I didn't mean to do it.

I didn't mean to do it. And on it went. Cooper scanned through most of the tirade. He checked the time stamps and shook his head. "She kept this up for an hour?"

"At least."

Finally, Cooper stumbled upon Vincent's first response.

What do you want?

What do you want? Her reply came within a minute. I really messed up, Vincent. I don't know what to do.

I really messed up, Vincent. I don't know what to do. Vincent's reply was equally swift. And ruthless. We weren't even dating...just stop texting me okay? This is what you wanted.

We weren't even dating...just stop texting me okay? This is what you wanted. Her final reply effectively ended the conversation.

I did something horrible.

I did something horrible. Cooper felt like someone had shoved a fist down his throat. He struggled to draw a steady breath, let alone form a coherent sentence.

"What does she mean?" He settled for a whisper, handing Vincent his phone. But he didn't take it. He let it fall to the couch, staring at the screen with dread.



"I don't know," he whispered back, sinking lower into the couch. "Coop...it sounds bad. I mean..."

He didn't say it. He didn't have to. Cooper's mind had already wandered deep down that path—he was just surprised that's where Vincent's mind had gone, too.

"I thought about it for a while," Vincent continued, his voice breaking slightly at the end. "And the more I thought about it the more I realized...I don't think she was talking about us . I think...damn it, Coop. What if Astrid...what if she's been hurting people?"

us He suspects her. But what the hell am I supposed to say?

He suspects her. But what the hell am I supposed to say? "Is she really capable of that sort of thing?" Cooper asked, playing it safe. He couldn't tear his eyes away from the phone. Both boys held their position, stuck in a nightmarish trance.

"Murder? I mean...but...Jacob Stein?" he asked, a little too loudly. Cooper shushed him and his voice crept back down to a whisper. "Astrid's, like..." He held up his pinky. "You think she really coulda?"

It was odd, how quickly Vincent had jumped to the same conclusion he and Calla had made. When she'd told Cooper her list of suspects—in order from most to least likely—he'd expressed reservations about Astrid Baker. For all her jealous tendencies, the girl had no real reason to want Rachel or Jacob dead.

real Unless she's involved in the drug ring. Unless she's more vindictive than she looks. Unless she hates Calla enough to want to watch her suffer.

Unless she's involved in the drug ring. Unless she's more vindictive than she looks. Unless she hates Calla enough to want to watch her suffer. Unless. Unless. Unless.

Cooper tore his eyes from the phone and ran a distressed hand through his hair. One. Two. Three. "Shit."

One. Two. Three. "And that's not all." Vincent sounded well and truly miserably now. "I was already freaked 'cause of last Friday, and it got me thinking about things, and then this happened—"

"Wait, what happened last Friday?" Cooper asked, forgetting to keep his voice down. He frowned. "Wasn't that the day we...I went to the movies?"

Vincent looked troubled. "Yeah. And I was going to talk to Calla about it today but I, uh...got distracted."

Cooper sighed. "Obviously."

"Anyway. I went to Ryan's," he went on, too wound up to respond to Cooper's sarcasm. "And you're not gonna believe who was sitting outside his house. Like, watching the place."

watching Cooper faltered for an answer, bewildered. "Yeah. I have no idea."

"Detective Michaels ."

Michaels " What ?"

What "Totally my reaction," Vincent sympathized.

Cooper made a motion with his hand, reaching up to pinch the bridge of his nose. His head felt like it was spinning. "Okay. Hold on. So what happened, exactly ?"

exactly "I went inside," Vincent answered hesitantly. "I figured the detective could have been watching the neighborhood in general, you know? But Ryan's vibe was off. Way off. Something was definitely wrong."

general, Cooper gripped his knees, fighting the urge to rip out his hair. "Define wrong."

"He was just...rambling. The guy rambles when he's nervous. Have you ever noticed?"

"It seems to be a common coping mechanism," Cooper agreed, not pointing out that Vincent was doing the very same thing.

He continued, undaunted. "He started talking about how screwed the murders are. And he kept looking out the window. Like, he knew the detective was outside. So I ask what the problem is, because it's weirding me out. And he says that the detective is the problem. That the guy is delusional and paranoid and the whole nine yards. All because Ryan had to use the bathroom at, and I quote, the stupid dance. "

he the stupid dance.

The bathroom?

The bathroom? "Okay...you lost me," Cooper admitted, his mind abuzz.

"I was too," Vincent assured him, making a trust me gesture with his hands. "But I just go along with it. 'Cause at this point, what else am I supposed to say? And Ryan laughs like it's the funniest thing in the world. Says it's stupid. But apparently, he was back in the bathrooms right before the murder—like he came out of the bathroom and saw Rachel's dead body. He freaked and bolted. Which doesn't sound great, does it?"

trust me saw Rachel's dead body. "Are you kidding me?" Cooper burst out, right as his mom made her reappearance.

kidding She glanced between them, one hand on her purse's shoulder strap. She had changed into her scrubs.

"Everything okay?" she asked, going to grab her keys.

"Uh huh," Cooper offered. "Just school drama."

"Okay." She came over to kiss his head, and then did the same for a blushing Vincent. "I'll be late, baby. Don't you boys dare eat all that lasagna. Save me a slice!"

"Of course, Mrs. A." Vincent tried for a smile, but it came out all wrong.

His mom gave them one last, long look before heading for the door. "Don't do anything I wouldn't do!" she called, stepping outside.

They only relaxed once the door clicked shut. But even then, relax wasn't the right word. Vincent rubbed his hands over his face. "Man. What the hell is going on?"

relax "I don't know," Cooper muttered, staring down at his hands. "Ryan just...he just told you all of this?"

told "Yeah. He was wired up . "

. Something about those words triggered a memory Cooper didn't even know he'd had. He bolted from his seat on the couch and sprinted for his bedroom.

"I—Coop, what the hell?" Vincent called.

"One sec!" Cooper shouted back. He snatched his camera from the dresser and began scrolling through one of the most recent albums.

There it is.

There it is. Cooper hurried back to the living room, holding his camera in the air like a trophy. "Found it."

Vincent's next words came out as an irritable snap. "Found what ?"

what "This." Cooper threw him the camera. "Notice anything off about that picture?"

Vincent gave the image a good, long look, trying to hide his bewilderment. "I don't know, Coop. Is this from the gala? Ryan looks pissed. And scared. Did you sneak up on him, or something?"

"Surprise snapshots are Steph's favorite," he explained. "But that's beside the point. Keep looking."

He blew out a sigh and did as instructed. "I still don't...oh. Shit . Is that—"

Shit "Cocaine on Ryan's tie?" Cooper bent forward and tapped the picture, blowing up the image. He zoomed in on Ryan's face. "Unless he's super into baking, yeah, I'm pretty sure that's what it is. There's some on his nose, too."

"Well. Fuck me." Vincent looked up at Cooper. "That hypocritical bastard! All that talk about Gareth, for what?"

"Funny, isn't it," Cooper added, sitting back down on the couch. He took his camera back. "How Ryan was suddenly right there to stop the fight. Convenient timing."

right there Vincent followed his train of thought. "Or not convenient at all. They were back in the bathroom. Together. "

Together. Cooper waved the camera, more excited than he should have been, considering the conversation they were having. "I don't think Ryan's just a dabbler, either."

Vincent frowned. "What do you mean?"

"I think he's a dealer," Cooper explained. "I think he was dealing at the gala. It's why he was back in the bathrooms. And I think the cops figured it out."

"But why have a detective on his ass?" Vincent asked, still at a loss.

That, Cooper couldn't say. Not without leading Vincent down a very dangerous path of conspiracy theories and murder mysteries. There was no easy way to explain that their classmate—their friend —could potentially be capable of murder.

friend Someone else is calling the shots. As usual, Calla's instincts had been spot on. Gareth may have replaced Jacob as the new dealer on the block, but he certainly wasn't calling the shots. Could Ryan be the head of the snake?

Someone else is calling the shots. Calla. Cooper itched to grab his phone. He wanted nothing more in this moment to call her and tell her every little detail he's just heard. She would know exactly which connections to make. He was sure of it.

Calla. But he was also sure that if he told her this, there was at least a 90% chance she'd take it as a sign to persecute Ryan on her own terms. With Calla playing as judge, jury, and executioner, she called the shots. If Cooper wasn't around to hold her back...

Who was he kidding? Hold her back ? She'd kicked his ass twice already.

back And what about Astrid? Cooper had no idea what that exchange had been about. Every hair on his neck stood on end when he thought about her final message: I did something horrible.

I did something horrible. That could mean anything , the kinder, far more desperate side of him reasoned. She could have left the stove on and burned the house down! Or failed her first calculus exam! Or sent nudes to the wrong Vincent!

That could mean anything She could have left the stove on and burned the house down! Or failed her first calculus exam! Or sent nudes to the wrong Vincent! Three people were dead. And at least three more people were going to be dead before this was all over if Cooper and Calla didn't get to the bottom of this. Yet here he was, trying to justify Astrid's cryptic ass texts to soothe his worst fears.

Cooper looked over at his friend, who was back to staring at his phone, as if afraid it might come alive if he touched it. Or maybe he was just worried Astrid would text him again. Both thoughts were equally horrifying.

He felt the overwhelming urge to tell Vincent...well, everything. About how exactly his cat had died all those years ago. About Tracy. About Calla. About the note in his locker. About the screwed-beyond-belief alliance he'd formed with a psychopath—an honest-to-God, textbook psychopath—to save his life and fulfill her horrible desires. About the fact that he was hunting down a serial killer without any idea whatsoever what he was doing, only that he was too afraid of what might happen if he did nothing.

But he couldn't put Vincent in danger. He wouldn't suck his best friend into the dark nightmare that had become his life. Whatever happiness was in Vincent's life...he deserved to keep it.

"We'll figure it out," Cooper promised, throwing a blanket over the phone to put it out of sight. "Right now, let's just...not think about it, okay? Let's eat."

Vincent's eyes flooded with relief, but something in the set of his jaw remained tense. He wasn't going to let this go. Not by a long shot.

A problem for tomorrow, Cooper thought.

A problem for tomorrow, Even if he knew, deep down, that his tomorrows were numbered.

tomorrows





28: Control


The Queen Bee. The Golden Bird. Snow White. Faithful John. Godfather Death.

Fairytales. They were just fairytales. But their words taunted her as she stared at her reflection in the bathroom mirror. Whatever common thread tied them together evaded her.

Figure it out, Calla.

Figure it out, Calla. She pressed a fist to her forehead and closed her eyes. She'd gone over each fairytale a dozen times. The Queen Bee—a sinister warning. The Golden Bird—a tale of obsession. Snow White—the fair maiden, doomed for death. Faithful John—the trustworthy servant. Godfather Death—the age-old tale of life and death. Inescapable. Inevitable.

The thought did not bolster her confidence.

Calla swore as her phone buzzed, breaking her concentration. A glance down at the caller ID set her teeth on edge. She took a deep breath before deigning to answer.

"What. Do. You. Want."

Her tone did little to dissuade Cooper. "I've only got a couple minutes," he said in a rush, his voice low and urgent. "Vincent's taking his, like, third shower of the day—"

"Unless you're about to paint me a vivid picture of what he looks like in the shower, I'm hanging up."

in "First of all, gross. Second of all—we've got a problem. Or a solution? I don't know how your mind works, but—"

"Thirty seconds."

"Stop interrupting me!" he hissed. Calla held the phone away from her ear, surprised at the venom in his tone. "Just shut up and listen!"

What's got him so bent out of shape?

What's got him so bent out of shape? She'd thought his reunion with Vincent would put him in a better mood. The fifteen minutes she'd spent tangled up with Greenwitch's star quarterback had certainly put her in high spirits.

her At least until she'd heard her mother rummaging around in the kitchen, calling down the hall to ask her daughter about dinner plans. Calla smirked as she remembered Vincent making a frantic getaway through her window, falling on his ass and destroying her mother's flower patch in the process.

"Thank you," Cooper huffed, while Calla remained mute on the other end. "Now, look. I don't have time, but I've got to tell you this, especially if you're going to see High School Musical later."

got Calla rolled her eyes but held her tongue. The last thing she needed was Cooper snapping at her again. If he did, she feared what she might do to him the next time they were alone.

I could cut his wrist and collect a vial of blood. Put it on a chain and wear it around my neck, she mused, the bizarre thought popping out from the dark depths of her imagination.

I could cut his wrist and collect a vial of blood. Put it on a chain and wear it around my neck, But, no. She definitely shouldn't do that.

"Vincent just told me...well, it's a lot," Cooper continued, unaware of the random fantasy she'd just indulged in. "He was supposed to tell you earlier but you...ah, distracted him."

distracted "Hmm," she mused, her mind taking a detour to wander through a completely different fantasy than the one with the vial of blood. She could still feel Vincent's hands on her hips, his lips on her neck. "I remember."

different "Just..." Cooper sighed. "Anyway. Long story short, Detective Michaels is watching Ryan Kane's house."

Calla's focus sharpened to a fine point. Her eyes darted to her window instinctively, as if she could see through the curtains and into Cooper's apartment. "What? Why didn't you lead with that, dipshit?"



"Shh. That's not all. There's this weird thing with Astrid, too—"

Calla's eyes narrowed dangerously. "Vincent said they haven't been talking."

"I wouldn't call it talking ," he explained impatiently. "She basically harassed him last weekend. Really blew his phone up. But what she said, Calla...it was weird."

talking "How weird is weird?"

weird "Funny," he deadpanned. "I had the same thought. But her texts were off. Huge red flags, left and right. At one point she said, and I quote, I did something horrible ."

I did something horrible Calla sat on the edge of her bed, reeling. "That could mean—"

"Anything, I know." His interruption very nearly set her off. "That's what I thought. But you haven't seen her texts. Trust me. They get...dark. It's like she's not talking about what happened between her and Vincent at all."

"I need to read those texts," she demanded, her free hand balling into a fist. "If she means what we think she means..."

"Exactly," Cooper breathed, lowering his voice even further. "Calla, we need to figure out what's going on, and fast. I didn't tell Vincent anything, but...he kinda caught me by surprise. He's worried Astrid's wrapped up in the murders. I think he's going to try and get involved."

"And you didn't tell him anything?" she asked, frowning. She wasn't sure why she was surprised; Vincent was certainly no fool. But to make the mental jump from cheating ex to guilty serial killer ? That was a leap by anyone's standards.

cheating ex guilty serial killer He's perceptive. And if Vincent thinks something is wrong...

He's perceptive. And if Vincent thinks something is wrong... "No," Cooper confirmed. "I didn't. He made the connection on his own. He thought he was crazy for even thinking it. I'll admit, I thought it was kinda random at first. Why would he connect what she said back to the murders? But I think the whole serial killer thing was already on his mind after the Ryan incident—"

he serial killer "Wait, wait." Calla put a hand to her forehead, squeezing her temples. "Rewind. What exactly happened with Ryan? Why is Gerald Michaels watching his house?"

"Vincent went to Ryan's last weekend. The detective was watching the place, like undercover but not really, since everyone knows everyone else in this godforsaken town. And...okay. Look, Calla. Don't jump to conclusions or do anything stupid, but—"

else "But what ?" she asked, her voice a deadly soft murmur.

what She heard Cooper curse on the other end of the line. "Vincent's almost done. I've got to go, but...Ryan was there , Calla. He was back in the bathrooms around the time of Rachel's murder. And I have this theory. This crazy theory. I think Ryan's a dealer, and... "

there He trailed off. And then, without another word, the line went dead. Calla nearly threw her phone at the nearest wall.

Ryan was there, Calla.

Ryan was there, Calla. She sat perfectly still on the edge of the bed, inhaling deeply. She forced herself to relax, to put the phone done. Gently. She closed her eyes and began to count to ten.

Gently. Inhale. Exhale.

One. Two.

In. Out.

He was back in the bathrooms around the time of Rachel's murder.

He was back in the bathrooms around the time of Rachel's murder. Breathe in. Breathe out.

Three. Four.

Her texts were off. Huge red flags, left and right.

Her texts were off. Huge red flags, left and right.

Five—in. Six—out.

Detective Michaels is watching Ryan Kane's house.

Detective Michaels is watching Ryan Kane's house. Seven. Eight. Nine.

Ten.

Calla stood. She ripped out the band holding her hair back, letting it fall loose and wild around her face. She walked into the bathroom and stared at her reflection. Her dark eyes were calm. Expressionless. Her complexion smooth and pale. But a tic had worked its way into her jaw; the muscle there fluttered, an indication of the fury bubbling beneath the surface of her skin.

An imperfection in the otherwise flawless facade she'd worked so hard to put in place.

She gripped the edge of the counter. She needed to find some semblance of composure before her date this afternoon. Some semblance of control.

control. I have work to do.

I have work to do. * * * * *

* * * * * "You look beautiful."

Cory smiled over at her, one hand on the steering wheel and the other resting lightly on her leg. He looked particularly handsome in that moment, the setting sun casting an orange glow across his smooth skin, lighting up his blue eyes and highlighting his cheekbones.

Calla felt nothing but disdain.

He smelled not of summer rain, but sharp cologne. And his hair wasn't damp from a fresh shower, but perfectly tousled, to such a degree that it had to be by design. She imagined that if she reached up to run her fingers through his hair, it would come back sticky with product.

But it didn't matter how she felt. She had work to do.

work "Back at ya." She tossed him a playful smirk.

"My dad thinks so, too," he agreed, and she laughed. Oh, for all his flaws, he was easy to talk to, wasn't he?

was "So where are you taking me?" she asked, watching the town roll by. They had driven five minutes to the east side of town, heading in the general direction of the Greenwitch Diner.

Cory confirmed her suspicions. "The diner. I hope that's okay."

"It's either that or pizza."

They shared a knowing look. Greenwitch was certainly not a town with abundant options.

"One of these days I'll take you out to the city," he promised, moving his hand from her thigh to grab and squeeze her hand. She squeezed his back. "How about that?"

"I'd love that," she admitted, forcing her mind not to wander from the asinine conversation. "Getting out of town for a while sounds...well, it sounds nice, honestly. I need that."

The car slowed to a crawl as he pulled into the packed diner's parking lot. He released her hand to focus on finding a spot, shooting her a look out of the corner of his eye. "How have you been?"

have "There just...hasn't really been time to think about it," she murmured, staring out at the diner. Time to play the girl mourning her best friend's traumatic death card. "I know that sounds stupid. I had all break to move on from losing Rachel—"

girl mourning her best friend's traumatic death "She was your best friend," Cory argued, throwing the car in park. He undid his seatbelt before reaching back over to take her hand, his blue eyes sweet and sincere as he offered her a smile. "It's going to take some time. That's okay."



Calla took a deep breath and gave him a tentative smile in return. "You're right. Thank you."

He leaned down to kiss her hand before opening his door, shooting her a furtive look. "Don't move."

He hurried over to the passenger side, grabbing the door for her and grinning as he held out a hand. "M'lady?"

"You're a nerd," she commented with a grin, letting him help her out of the car. They walked hand-in-hand into the diner, the conversation turning to lighter subjects like their class schedule, among other things.

They got lucky; the hostess, a shy freshman that Calla recognized, led them back to the last available booth back in the far corner of the diner. She handed them a pair of menus and then hurried away, trying to hide the flush on her cheeks after making repeated attempts to catch Cory's eye.

Calla didn't need to look over the menu—it never changed. Cory must have felt the same, because he kept his eyes trained on her, his focus unwavering.

He sighed when she explained the assignment Mr. Prichard had passed out for psych. "You got so lucky. My schedule blows ."

blows "At least you have gym with me," she teased, raising her eyebrows.

He conceded the point. "The one highlight of my day. But going straight from gym to ball practice? Worse than death."

"I don't know how you do it," she admitted.

He shrugged. "Been playing since I was six. But Coach has been a maniac lately. The late night practices are so counterproductive. I haven't been able to do a single homework assignment all week."

maniac Calla frowned. "What's his deal?"

"He's had a stick up his ass ever since...ah..." He rubbed the back of his neck, suddenly self-conscious.

Gareth. He's talking about Gareth getting kicked off the team.

Gareth. He's talking about Gareth getting kicked off the team. Making a snap decision, Calla decided to show her hand. "Oh...yeah. That ."

That He leaned back, surprised. "You know about...? Wait. Are we talking about the same thing?"

"Gareth?" she asked, grimacing.

He leaned forward, rubbing his forehead and sighing. "Yeah. Yikes. I wasn't sure if everyone knew yet or not."

"Not sure about everyone, but I heard it on good authority," she explained.

everyone, "I can't believe it," Cory muttered, his brow furrowing. "You think you know a guy."

Calla leaned forward, propping her chin in her hand. "I never knew you guys were that close."

"Close? Nah. Just teammates." He shrugged, running a hand through his blonde locks. "We got on pretty well on the field, though. Guy has a lot of talent."

He's certainly athletic, she thought, imagining what sort of damage he could do to a guy like Jacob. Or a girl like Rachel.

He's certainly athletic, "Do you...?" Calla hesitated, as if she felt guilty for even asking the question. "I mean, do you know where he even got it? The...?" She made a gesture to her nose with her finger.

Cory leaned forward and whispered conspiratorially, "You in the market?"

She swatted at him and he pulled back, laughing. Their waitress came back around, looking harried. She quickly jotted down their drink orders and then bolted, leaving them staring after her in amusement.



"I guess it's not that important. In the grand scheme of things, I mean," Calla explained, sipping from her drink to give her hands something to do. "The town's got a killer to catch."

Cory couldn't help the small smile that played on his lips. "Fishing for clues again, madame?"

"You caught me red handed." She held out her hands, and then dropped them just as quickly. Her eyes fell to the table. "Can you blame me?"

He reached across the table to take her hands in his. "Calla."

She looked up. His eyes burned with some hidden emotion she couldn't place.

"I wish..." He lifted a hand. She held back a shudder as he ran a finger down the side of her face.

She didn't get a chance to push him further. Before she could compose herself and slip in another well-placed question, Cory ventured into safer waters, diving into a detailed explanation of how he projected the upcoming baseball season to pan out. With no clear idea of how to gain back control of the situation, she followed his lead, pretending to be deeply invested in a sport she'd never given one spare thought about.

As slammed as the diner was, they ordered and finished their meal relatively quickly. Cory insisted on paying, and Calla let him with little fuss. If she had to suffer through this date, she could at least get by with a free meal.

"So, what movie are we watching?" he asked as they climbed back into the car. Calla shivered against the cool leather seats.

"Oh." Damn it. She'd forgotten about the wretched movie. "What's out right now?"

Damn it. "Some old throwback and a chick flick that just came out." He placed his hand on her headrest, craning his neck as he backed out of their parking spot. "Up to you."

"Decisions, decisions," she mused, pretending to think long and hard. "So many options, so little time."

Tick tock goes the clock. You better hurry, Calla. Before the next body shows up on your doorstep.

Tick tock goes the clock. You better hurry, Calla. Before the next body shows up on your doorstep. He chuckled as they pulled out of the parking lot, revving his engine as he accelerated down the dark, empty mainroad of Greenwitch.

"I vote chick flick," she finally decided. Internally, she screamed.

"Chick flicks for the win." He raised a fist and she bumped it. Before she could pull her hand back he grabbed it, twining his fingers with hers. He looked at her. "I hope this is a better experience than your last."

"Hmm?"

"Now that Jessica Bitch Sneider isn't here to ruin the movie mood."

"Oh." Calla snorted, remembering with some chagrin their last encounter. She could still see the fear in Jessica's eyes as they stood toe to toe, Calla seething with rage. The beast had clawed into her throat, begging for sweet release, for just a taste of blood.

taste She shouldn't have lost control like that. But still. Would the world really be so much worse off if Jessica's life came to a screeching halt?

Calla banished her dark thoughts, shrugging. "She must have had some major PMS or something."

major "Still," he muttered, staring ahead, his jaw tight. "She shouldn't have talked to you like that."

"Eh. Didn't bother me." Calla shrugged again. "Bothered the hell out of Ryan, though."

"Thought they were gonna go to blows, honestly," Cory admitted. He barely held back a laugh. "Jessica would have kicked his ass. "

ass.

Calla laughed, too.

"But seriously," he amended, pulling into the movie theater parking lot. Calla looked around, surprised to find they'd already made it across town. "It's part of the reason I wanted to take you out. Better memories, and all that."

"That's sweet of you," Calla said, letting him rush to the passenger side for a second time to help her out of the car. She stepped out as graciously as possible, hiding her surprise when, instead of stepping back, Cory stepped closer to her.

His blue eyes were as dark as midnight in the low light from the busted street lamp above them. She tried to make out his expression, but half of his face had been thrown into shadow. He reached up to cup her cheek.

Oh, here we go.

Oh, here we go. "I want you to be happy," he murmured, looking from her eyes to her lips. "I really like you, Calla."

She leaned into his touch. "I like you, too."

Not the worst lie she'd ever told.

He leaned down and their lips met. In the semi-darkness of the parking lot they stole a kiss. Steady and sweet, she felt nothing even close to the fire she'd nearly been consumed by when Vincent pinned her to the bed, his hands roaming over every inch of skin they could find.

close This was softer. Slower.

Cory pulled away, their faces still a hairsbreadth apart. "I...well..."

She thought she saw a blush creep onto his cheeks and she tilted her head to the side, their noses brushing. "What?"

"I'm...not sure what your stance is on the, ah, institution of dating ..." he tried again, clearing his throat.

dating Great. Just what I needed.

Great. Just what I needed. Hoping to steer the conversation away from the talk of boyfriend and girlfriend—and toward the conversation of who killed my best friend —Calla looked down at her shoes. She hoped it came off as bashful. "God knows I want to, but..."

who killed my best friend want Cory grabbed her chin and tilted her head up, to better see her expression in the faint light. His brows were drawn with confusion. "But what?"

She sighed heavily, closing her eyes—as if the revelation were just too much.

"I feel like I can't , " she whispered, allowing her lower lip to tremble. "It feels wrong , being happy. Not when Rachel's killer is still out there. Not when I feel like there's something I should be doing to fix it."

, wrong Cory sighed and pulled her closer to him, wrapping his arms around her. "Calla...I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to—"

"Don't apologize," she murmured into his shoulder, her head pressed over his heart. She felt it thrumming steadily beneath her cheek. "I like you, Cory. But until I can put all this bullshit behind me...I can't do that to you. Or to me. Or to her."

She would have hell to pay once she'd found the killer, she realized. Cory would be taking these promises to heart. A heart she would eventually have to break.

The thought did not deter her in the least.

"I understand." She felt lips press against the top of her head. "My dad's going to figure this out, Calla. I know it."

"You can't know," she said miserably, letting her voice grow thick with the threat of tears. With her face still buried against his shoulder, she screwed up her face, forcing moisture into her eyes. "What if whoever killed her just...disappears?"

"That's not going to happen," Cory said, more firmly. He sounded so sure. So confident. "There are suspects. I swear to you, this case isn't going cold. Once evidence is finished processing, it's a done deal. It'll be over."

She kept her face against his shoulder, hoping that her silence spoke the words she could not say.

"What can I say to make you believe me?" he murmured, leaning down to whisper in her ear. "I was sworn to secrecy. As dramatic as that sounds. But for you, I'd break my promise." He sighed, his breath drifting over her cheek. "If I tell you this..."

"Cory." Calla pulled back and took his hands in hers. She ignored the couple that shuffled past them, openly curious at the intense interaction. "Please."

He could see the desperation in her eyes—desperation that she did not have to put on or play up. She felt close to bursting, the answer to her endless hunt hanging so dangerously in the balance.

He chewed on his lower lip. And then he squeezed her hand. "Once they catch the killers...you'll be able to put this behind you. Start fresh?" he asked, voice hopeful. Trying to justify the breach in confidential information.

Killers. Plural.

Killers. Plural. Calla tensed. Closed her eyes. And then nodded. "Once they're behind bars. Or dead."

She kept her eyes closed as he bent down to whisper in her ear once more. And then he gave her two names.

Two names. Two killers.

Two targets.





29: The Deadliest Game


"You look like death."

"This is why you don't have a girlfriend," Calla grumbled as she tumbled into the passenger seat. Cooper watched her with mistrust, fearing for the structural stability of his Mustang.

"Really?" he mused, carefully pulling away from her driveway and out into the road. "I kind of thought it was because I have a crippling fear of being choked, mutilated, and bled out by a serial killer. Or the fact that I'm aiding and abetting a different murderer, who carved up my childhood pet like a premium filet mignon. But that's just me, I guess."

different From the passenger seat, Calla groaned. "It's too early for your bullshit."

He rolled his eyes. "Just tell me what happened. You haven't filled me in since your little date with Cory."

She said nothing, wrapped in an uncharacteristic bubble of silence. Cooper glanced sideways at her, his eyes darting from the road to her face. Dark circles hung under her eyes; her hair had been tossed into a careless bun, tendrils of fire falling around her face.

"I didn't want to text you the details," she said quietly. He strained to make out her words. "And since Vincent made himself at home in your apartment for the weekend..."

"Just spill." He glanced at the clock on his dashboard. "We'll be at Vincent's in five minutes."

Cooper, Vincent and Calla. Carpooling to school. Together. Had anyone told him a year ago that this was where his life would lead, he would have laughed. Or thrown up. Violently.

this "I know who they are. The killers."

Cooper had to keep himself from slamming on the breaks.

"Well?" he demanded. He took the next curve too quickly, his thoughts scattered. "Who? And how do you know? What evidence—"

"You were right about Ryan," she interrupted, her voice still distant. It sent a chill down his spine.

Cooper didn't hold back this time. He slammed on the brakes.

Calla swore, coming to life. She braced her hands against the dashboard as they came to a screeching stop in the middle of the road. Cooper's hands trembled on the steering wheel, his eyes wide and wild.

"Have you totally lost it?" Calla snapped. She glared at him, but he barely noticed.

"I was right?" he asked, uncertain.

"Yes, you fool. Now move out of the road. "

move out of the road. "Oh. Sorry." He pressed down on the accelerator and they lurched forward.

Calla said nothing about his driving. "How did you put it together? About Ryan and the drugs?"

"Vincent." Cooper shrugged, as if that explained everything. He squinted to better see through the fog. "He told me about the detective watching Ryan's place. And the things Ryan said...it just clicked. I took another look at this picture I got of him at the gala. I thought I'd seen something off, but I didn't know what. He definitely had coke on his tie. Sloppy, if you ask me. But I figured he must be involved somehow, and that's why he was back in the bathrooms at the gala, and again right before Gareth lost it." A pause. "I think he only told us about Gareth to try and get us off his case."

what. "A red herring," Calla murmured.

"What was that?"

"Nothing." She took a deep breath and sat back in her seat, contemplative as Cooper rounded the next bend in the road. Vincent's house loomed ahead.



"What else do you know, Calla?" he asked, pulling to a stop in front of Vincent's house. The tires screeched. "You said you knew who the killers were. What..."

You're asking the wrong questions, Coop. Not what. Who.

You're asking the wrong questions, Coop. Not what. Who. "Cory gave me names. Two names. He said they're processing evidence as we speak, and once that's finalized...jail time."

Evidence. They'd found something. A print. A bloody hoodie, maybe. Something that would be cause enough to make an arrest.

Evidence. Something "They really figured it out, then." He stared straight ahead, his grip on the steering wheel tightening. His knuckles went white. "I guess I already know the first name."

Ryan Kane.

Ryan Kane. He thought of the photograph under his bed, of two boys with their arms thrown over each other and huge grins on their faces. The cryptic words on the back took on a completely different meaning to Cooper now.

"It's Ryan," Calla confirmed. "And you know the second name, too."

He shot her a look, afraid to guess. Five other names ran through his head—Gareth? Jess? But he really didn't have to guess. After a moment's thought, he realized he already knew.

A lump formed in his throat. He struggled to say the name aloud. "Astrid Baker."

As if on cue, Vincent burst through the screen door, distracting them for a moment. Cooper's eyes shot to the house. Calla followed his line of sight, far less panicked. If anything, vicious pleasure coated her next words.

"Astrid Baker," she repeated quietly, stepping out of the car. She smiled at Vincent as he ran up to the car with the sort of silly grin that Cooper hadn't seen in a long time.

"After you," she said, holding the door open. How easily she transitioned from psychopath to flirtatious love interest.

Vincent craned his neck and frowned into the backseat. "Why does the biggest guy get put in the back ?"

back "'Cause I called shotgun." She avoided his playful shove.

Cooper rolled his eyes. "I'm going to vomit."

He wished he were joking. Those two names played in a loop, taunting him as he turned the car around and began driving in the general direction of the highschool.

Ryan Kane. Astrid Baker. Murderers.

Ryan Kane. Astrid Baker. Murderers. He still couldn't picture it. Why had those two teamed up? The victims hadn't been chosen at random. The murders were too theatrical for happenstance, the clues too thoughtfully constructed.

That line of questioning brought him to the most final—and possibly most important—question. Why did they want him dead? If anything, Ryan and Astrid had been pleasant to him over the years. What had changed?

him Cooper remained silent for the rest of the drive, occasionally grunting at a comment from his passengers. For all their flirtations, he could still feel a sort of tension in the car, filling the space with an air of discomfort that made their laughter a little tighter, their smiles more fleeting. He wondered what Calla was thinking, what plots she was forming even now.

And Vincent's not blind to what's going on. Not as much as I thought, anyway. Cooper met his friend's eyes in the rearview mirror. What happens when he finds out about Calla's date with Cory? When he pieces together why we've really been spending so much time together?

And Vincent's not blind to what's going on. Not as much as I thought, anyway. What happens when he finds out about Calla's date with Cory? When he pieces together why we've really been spending so much time together? Cooper whipped into his usual spot, squeezing between two large trucks. He sighed as he undid his seatbelt, the beginnings of a massive headache forming in the space between his eyes.



"Hey...Calla?" Vincent asked hesitantly, leaning forward to prop his elbows against their headrests. He had to stoop slightly to accommodate his size. The life of a giant. "I have something I need to tell you."

She glanced back at him, one hand on the door handle. Confusion drew her brows low over her eyes. "What is it?"

Vincent looked from her to Cooper, who sighed heavily. He knew exactly what Vincent wanted to talk about, but why he wanted to discuss it here, in the Greenwitch High parking lot, was beyond Cooper.

here, Poor guy has no idea I already told Calla everything. About Ryan's skeevy behavior, Astrid's texts...all of it.

Poor guy has no idea I already told Calla everything. About Ryan's skeevy behavior, Astrid's texts...all of it. He really wasn't looking forward to hashing it all out again, but he rolled his eyes and motioned for Vincent to continue. "If you're going to tell her, tell her now and get it over with."

really Calla frowned over at Cooper, playing her part perfectly. If she felt the same inner turmoil he did, she certainly didn't show it. "Tell me what?"

"I know this sort of sounds...totally insane? But I think..." Vincent hesitated. And then the words poured out. "I think Ryan and Astrid are wrapped up in these murders somehow."

Cooper stared straight ahead. He didn't trust his acting skills half as much as he trusted Calla to absorb the news with an appropriate amount of shock.

From what he could see of her in his peripheral, she did just that. Skepticism coated her words. "Vincent..."

"Just hear me out," he said quickly, and then he proceeded to break down what he'd told Cooper on Saturday. When he fumbled or began to drift off, lost in his own side commentary, Cooper steered him back on track, keeping the play-by-play as concise as possible.

"Here," Vincent mumbled, passing over his phone. "Check out her texts and tell me I'm wrong."

Calla took the phone hesitantly—which must have been an act of extreme control—and scrolled through Astrid's frantic messages. She soaked in every word, a look of carefully composed horror on her face.

It had not been horror on her face when she first delivered the news of Astrid's guilt. No. It had been glee. She hid that now, burying it beneath the thick, impenetrable layers of her mask.

glee. Her lips thinned into a flat line as she finished analyzing Astrid's texts. "This...doesn't look great. Why haven't you gone to the police with this?"

Cooper shot her the briefest of looks, trying his best not to let his own puzzlement show. Until now, he hadn't considered the possibility of Vincent turning Astrid in. Perhaps because Cooper had ditched the idea of going to the police himself so long ago, in part because of Calla's threats to ruin his best friend's life if he did .

. But Vincent...what held him back?

him "I know I should," he said miserably. "But I just...what if she isn't involved? And who would take me seriously. Everyone will think I'm a jealous asshole or something." He paused, brows furrowing. "And I'm still trying to figure out how Ryan ties into all of this, y'know? I don't want to get Astrid in trouble if he's the guy."

Of course. He's still protecting Astrid.

Of course. He's still protecting Astrid. Calla considered Vincent's explanation, stony-faced. She couldn't have been thrilled to hear about the lengths he'd gone to for Astrid. To protect her name. To protect her reputation.

Ironic, considering the target Vincent had just put on her back by dragging her into Calla's line of sight.

"Vincent," Cooper started, prepared to try to dissuade his friend from asking any other pointed questions. "Look—"



Calla interrupted him. "We've not been honest with you."

Cooper's speech died in his mouth. He fought back a wave of panic as she proceeded to tear down the tower of secrets that they'd been building over the last three months.

"Confession time." She took a deep breath. "Coop and I have been trying to track down the killer ever since Rachel died. We want to find who did it. And we didn't know how to tell you because we weren't sure how you'd react."

Silence.

What the hell are you doing, he wanted to scream, preferably while he strangled her with his own two hands. This is the opposite of keeping him safely in the dark!

What the hell are you doing, This is the opposite of keeping him safely in the dark! Vincent looked at the both of them with wide, skeptical eyes. "You guys...have been hunting down a serial killer ?"

serial killer Neither of them said or did anything to confirm his question. The Mustang's engine began to whine and Cooper ripped out the keys, the car going completely silent. And still, no one moved. Cooper wasn't even sure anyone dared to breathe.

He certainly didn't.

"Are you kidding me?" Vincent finally asked, affronted. "That is...so badass. And you didn't think to tell me?"

badass. Before Cooper could duck out of the way, Vincent punched his shoulder, hard enough to leave a bruise. Cooper rubbed his arm and winced. "Ow."

Not the reaction I expected. Or wanted. He should be afraid, not excited.

Not the reaction I expected. Or wanted. He should be afraid, not excited. "Thanks for telling me," Vincent said hotly, shooting him an accusatory look. "But really... why didn't you tell me?"

why "Because we're teenagers trying to catch a serial killer?" Cooper mumbled. "And that sounds totally insane and stupid?"

He looked over at Calla, and for just the span of a heartbeat, they shared a look . It was the sort of look that said, so we aren't going to tell him about you being a murdering psychopath and me helping you track down the killer so you can slice their throat and throw their body into a river? Excellent. Glad we're on the same page!

look so we aren't going to tell him about you being a murdering psychopath and me helping you track down the killer so you can slice their throat and throw their body into a river? Excellent. Glad we're on the same page! That's what he liked to think passed between them as their eyes met, anyway. Calla looked away quickly, giving Vincent an apologetic shrug.

think "We didn't want to wrap you up in this," she said, reaching out to grab one of his hands. He let her, a flush creeping across his cheeks and down his neck. "And...well. We've had to go to certain lengths to get the information we need."

lengths Ah. So that's how she's going to avoid the fallout of her little date with blondie.

Ah. So that's how she's going to avoid the fallout of her little date with blondie. "Like?" Vincent asked, his eyes alight with curiosity. "What have you guys found out? I want to help, especially if my psychotic...almost-ex is involved." He winced. "Wait. Should I take these texts to the station?"

Should Calla spoke a little too quickly. "No. Don't go to the police." She paused, sliding back into character. "Not yet. You're right. We don't know if she's involved or not, and you aren't in the best place to be the one turning her in. No one will take it seriously."

Half truths mixed in with little lies. Calla was right in that no one would take Vincent's accusations seriously. But she conveniently left out the part where the lead detective's son had confirmed Astrid's involvement in the murders. That fact alone would send Vincent running, tail tucked, to the station—if only to wash his hands of blame and guilt.

She cleared her throat and looked away, her hands still clutching his. "You're not gonna like this part. About how we've been getting our information."



Vincent frowned. "What? Why?"

"Cory's been filling in a lot of the gaps," Cooper explained when Calla hesitated. He leaned back against the headrest, gesturing with his hands. "His dad's the lead detective on the case. It's been useful. We found out there were prints on the bottle used to kill Rachel. We just don't know whose prints."

whose More half truths. More lies.

Keep it vague, Coop. We can't tell him everything. His eyes drifted to Calla. Definitely not everything.

Keep it vague, Coop. We can't tell him everything. Definitely not everything. The look in Vincent's eyes softened as he looked at Calla. "This has to be hard. Talking about her like this."

She shrugged, looking away. "It's why I'm doing this. For her."

For Cooper wasn't so sure her words were a lie. Not exactly. He analyzed her expression, down to the last detail. But if there was any sign of dishonesty, he couldn't find it.

Cooper remained quiet, deciding to omit the details about Calla breaking into Detective Michaels' home office. The less Vincent knew about how they'd acquired their information, the better.

"So. How are you getting Cory to talk?" Vincent asked, skepticism creeping into his voice.

Calla grumbled something under her breath that even Cooper couldn't catch.

"Calla," Vincent said with a sigh. "Just say it."

"We went on a date," she said in a rush. "And I hated every minute of it. But he told me about the prints." A lie. But safer to say this, than to admit they had already narrowed down their list of suspects. "What else am I supposed to do? Break into the police station and steal the information?"

She doesn't sound very opposed to that idea, either, Cooper mused sourly, forcing down an eyeroll. How many times had she seriously considered doing just that—stealing into the police station to take the information they needed by force?

She doesn't sound very opposed to that idea, either, "You really took one for the team there," Vincent muttered dryly, his jaw tight. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, a muscle in his jaw fluttering.

"I don't like Cory," she promised, leaning forward to try and get him to look at her. Cooper saw her hands tighten around Vincent's fingers. "He just has the connections we need. We, Vincent. If you're going to be a part of this...you're going to have to do some shit you don't like, either."

don't We, Come again? Cooper's eyes narrowed.

Come again? Vincent took another deep breath, his frown deepening. His fingers flexed around hers. "Like what?"

Calla pursed her lips. "We need to know what those texts from Astrid were all about."

This is why she's bringing Vincent on board. Of course it is.

This is why she's bringing Vincent on board. Of course it is. Cooper wasn't sure what game she was playing at. They had the information they needed...then again, that information had come from the mouth of someone who desperately wanted to impress Calla. The detectives could have the wrong information—or worse, the wrong leads. After all, they still had no idea what role Tom Sahein played in all of this. Had Ryan and Astrid been used as pawns? If so, the real culprit could still be just beyond their grasp. Their work wasn't finished. Not yet.

leads. Vincent winced. "You want me to talk to her, don't you?"

"I don't like the idea. Obviously. But..." She frowned, genuinely displeased.

"Why can't you talk to her?" Vincent asked, giving Cooper a furtive look. "Why me?"

Cooper let out a long, heavy sigh, tilting his head back and staring at the roof of his car. "We don't really know her, Vincent. Calla's right. It's gotta be you. 'Sides, I'm...I've gotta talk to Ryan," he said, surprising even himself.



If I confront him about the drug ring, maybe I can get a reaction from him, he thought, slowly putting a plan of action together in his head. Get him to admit the truth. If he's being blackmailed, we need to find out. Sooner rather than later.

If I confront him about the drug ring, maybe I can get a reaction from him, Get him to admit the truth. If he's being blackmailed, we need to find out. Sooner rather than later. He looked down just in time to see Calla and Vincent raise both eyebrows.

"Seriously?" Vincent asked, frowning again. "Is that safe? I mean, if you go around accusing him of killing people, isn't he gonna be pissed?"

"I'm not gonna accuse him of murder, " Cooper argued, before remembering that Vincent had no idea about their little blackmail theory. He scrambled to backup his last statement. "I'll be subtle about it, okay?"

murder, "As long as it's in a public space..." Calla thought aloud, no doubt far less concerned for his well being than Vincent was. "It shouldn't be dangerous . And if Ryan flips, he'll out himself for sure."

. "Then it's settled," Vincent said, his voice swelling with determination. He tried to lift his head but was met with the roof of the Mustang. He winced. "I'll talk to Astrid. Cooper talks to Ryan. And Calla...?"

He trailed off, looking at her. She shrugged. "I've gotten what I can from Cory. But there are a...couple of loose ends I need to check on."

Loose ends. Code for Tom Sahein.

Loose ends. Code for Tom Sahein. Cooper opened the door. Shivering in the cold air, he meandered to the other side of the car, where Vincent struggled to escape the backseat. Calla watched him with an amused smile playing on her lips. Cooper couldn't help but think she looked a little bit like a cat that had just stumbled upon a trapped mouse, squealing as it tried to wiggle away.

He shoved his hands in his pockets and sighed. How the hell had the day already turned out like this ?

this "Alright, team!" He let out a surprised little oof as Vincent, now free from the car, grabbed him and pulled him under his arm. He did the same to Calla on his other side. "Let's do this shit."

oof Vincent smiled, eager, as if this were some board game he'd finally been invited to play. Forming alliances, tracking down suspects...

He never saw Tracy's body. Never saw the horror of what lies beneath Calla's skin...

He never saw Tracy's body. Never saw the horror of what lies beneath Calla's skin... "You're an idiot," Calla said with a laugh, shoving away from him.

Cooper hated to agree.

From across the parking lot, Jessica got out of her car and glared over at the trio. Astrid stepped out of the passenger side and stared at Vincent with an entirely different expression, her eyes wild with desperation. When they landed on Calla, hatred twisted her mouth into a thin line.

"I don't know about you," Cooper muttered as they walked past a row of cars, passing Gareth's pickup truck and Cory's gleaming Honda, "but that doesn't look like the face of someone who has their temper in check."

Vincent stopped, forcing Calla and Cooper to do the same. Hesitating for only a moment, he put on a brave face. "Speaking of unchecked tempers...I've got to go do my part. I'll see you guys in gym."

Without so much as a look over his shoulder, he backtracked across the parking lot, making a beeline for Astrid. Jessica tried to grab her arm and lead her toward the school, but Astrid shook her off, giving Vincent a hesitant smile.

"Are you sure this was a good idea, Calla?" Cooper murmured, looking at her uncertainly.

Her eyes never left Vincent. She watched him go, her lips stuck in a tight line. "I have no idea. But he had too many questions. We didn't really have a choice but to loop him in, somehow. And he's the only one who can talk to Astrid."

somehow. Cooper returned his attention to Vincent's retreating form. "Do you think they're working together? Astrid and Ryan, I mean."

"Astrid, Ryan...Tom?" Her eyes narrowed. "It could be just the two of them. Maybe we have that Sahein kid all wrong. At this point, I don't know what to think. But Cory's intel has been good so far. His father is smart. He's putting together the right pieces, and with the insight we have...I trust it."

Calla's uncertain admission scared Cooper more than he wanted to admit. Watching her fumble with the clues, getting lost in the circles of her own mind...

"Calla!" an excited voice exclaimed behind them. They turned to see Cory grabbing his athletic bag from the passenger side of his car. He grinned over at her, ignoring Cooper entirely. "Hey, how was the rest of your weekend?"

"See you," Cooper muttered, waving at Cory and giving Calla a significant look before heading toward the school. She gave him a brief wave, barely bothering to lift a hand in farewell, before diverting her attention to Cory. He soaked it up like a man in the desert finding his first drink of water for miles.

Cooper heard her laugh, but he kept his eyes forward, confident in her ability to twist information from an already dry well. If there was any more evidence to be had, Calla would find it.

Happy hunting, he thought darkly, disappearing inside the school .

Happy hunting, .





30: Well, There Goes That Theory


Surrounded by the smell of deodorant and floral sprays, Calla slipped out of her hoodie and grabbed the spare t-shirt she'd stuffed down in the depths of her backpack. Locker doors slammed as girls threw their things inside, grumbling about today's gym activity.

Dodgeball. Of course it was dodgeball. Because why not order a bunch of hormonal teenagers to throw shit at each other?

Dodgeball. Beside her, Stephanie struggled out of her skintight jeans, falling against the lockers as she fought to undress. Calla snorted as she struggled. The other girl threw her an exasperated look in return.

Calla had been waiting for this moment all day. She'd suffered through her first three classes, only to torment herself in psych by staring at the back of Blake Richardson's head and brainstorming ways to learn more about what, exactly, had happened between him and his twin brother. It was yet another piece of the puzzle Calla hadn't been able to place, and she had a feeling that once she did, many more pieces would follow.

She just needed to leverage the right connections...and push all the wrong buttons.

Stepping in front of the single cracked mirror, Calla readjusted her ponytail, pulling it tight. The ghastly yellow paint on the walls made her skin look sallow, the circles under her eyes more prominent. She frowned at her reflection, sour.

Stephanie sidled into view, hovering just over Calla's left shoulder. Her reflection twisted at odd angles, distorted by the crack in the mirror. The broken glass splintered her face into hundreds of small pieces.

Calla gave her ponytail one last tug. "Steph?"

"Yeah?" The other girl adjusted her tank top in the mirror.

Calla pretended to hesitate. She cleared her throat but said nothing.

"What is it?" Stephanie put an encouraging hand on her shoulder. "I owe you for listening to me rant about Jess. I've been thinking a lot about what you've been trying to tell me, and you know what...you were right about her. She's a mean girl. You're a good friend, Cal."

You're "A good friend," she repeated, her hands dropping to her sides. "Rach was a good friend."

She let those words marinate in the silence. Stephanie's reflection shifted, uncomfortable. She wouldn't let the silence linger for long. She'd say something to end the tension building in the small room. Calla knew from experience that she did not do well with long pauses.

Most people didn't.

Just as she heard Stephanie take a breath—her nature could really be so very predictable—Calla interjected: "She and Jess had a fight. Did you know about that?"

Stephanie answered immediately. "I—oh. A fight? They fought all the time." Another nervous shuffle of her feet. Calla still hadn't turned to look at her. Perhaps the other girl sensed something off about Calla. Had her mask slipped? Had something in her cool facade come undone?

off She arranged and rearranged her expression before turning, hoping that her eyes—wide and beseeching—would put Stephanie at ease.

It worked. Stephanie grabbed Calla's hand. A reflex. "Hey...Cal, look—"

Calla pulled her hand away and wandered over to the lone bench in the center of the room. She sat, staring at the wall. Channeling what she imagined hopeless grief might look like. "I'm trying. I'm really trying, Steph. But I can't stop thinking about her. Or that fight."

really Stephanie joined her on the bench. The wood creaked under the added weight. "What fight, Calla?"

"Jess said some nasty things to Rachel. Nasty, Steph. She thought she had to step in for Astrid, I guess. When I..."



She trailed off, trying to seem unwilling. Stephanie felt encouraged by the need to fill in the blanks herself. She shifted forward, reaching for Calla's hand. A second attempt at physical comfort.

Predictable. So. Very. Predictable.

Predictable. So. Very. Predictable. "When you took Vincent to the dance. Astrid got pissed. And Jess..." Stephanie groaned. Two plus two did, in fact, equal four. "Why'd she pop off on Rachel ? And why...?"

Rachel Why are you so bothered by that, Calla?

Why are you so bothered by that, Calla? Another stretch of silence. This one longer than the last. Stephanie's fingers convulsed around hers. She knew where Calla's train of thought had ended, and it wasn't a conversation she wanted to have.

"You told me you saw someone go after her the night of the party," Calla said, voice soft. "A girl."

"Oh." Stephanie shifted. Definitely uncomfortable. "I was probably too drunk to really remember it right, Cal."

"But I think you were right," Calla pushed, lifting her head to look the other girl in the eyes. "I think I saw someone follow Rachel to the bathroom. I'm not gonna act like I wasn't drinking. But, Steph...you said you were looking for Jess that night. You couldn't find her." Calla paused for effect, letting her words stretch on into the silence. "I swear I saw her follow Rach."

swear Stephanie sucked in a breath. A nervous line of sweat had gathered at her hairline. Almost imperceptible. "Are you serious?"

"Deadly," Calla muttered. Nevermind that she'd seen nothing of the sort. But if it got Stephanie talking...she'd say just about anything. "What am I supposed to do with that information, Steph?"

"I don't know," Stephanie whispered. Her dark eyes darted around the room. Looking for a way out, perhaps? "I...I took a few pictures at the Halloween party. But they didn't come out great...I'm useless."

"You're more useful than I am."

You can't help yourself, can you, Steph? Always capturing the moment...and the little lies that follow.

You can't help yourself, can you, Steph? Always capturing the moment...and the little lies that follow. "I didn't know you brought your camera that night," Calla admitted, hoping to confirm how, exactly, Stephanie had captured those images. "Cooper left his at home."

"Oh, I know," Stephanie said with an annoyed sigh. "He told me. I didn't bring mine, either. Tracy didn't exactly want to film an underage drinking documentary...but it makes me think. If I'd had it, and not my phone..."

She shrugged and Calla nodded. So. Your camera roll has what I need. Noted.

So. Your camera roll has what I need. Noted. Her eyes slid to Stephanie's locker. Could she convince the other girl to leave her alone long enough to sneak into her bag? She knew her phone's passcode. She'd committed most of her friend's circle to memory.

For just such occasions.

"I wonder if Tom caught anything," Calla wondered aloud, pushing her luck. How much could she possibly squeeze out of Stephanie before the other girl got suspicious? "I saw him at Jess's party. He looked pretty pissed. He had his camera on him, of course. He always does."

"I don't think he knows anything," Stephanie said shortly.

Calla opened her mouth to add something—she wasn't sure what—when the coach's whistle blew.

"Come on." Stephanie stood, eager to escape the locker room. "We're gonna fail if we don't get out there."

Protecting your protege, I see. Are you hiding an innocent feature story on the latest cheating scandal...or something far worse?

Protecting your protege, I see. Are you hiding an innocent feature story on the latest cheating scandal...or something far worse?

Calla followed Stephanie out of the girl's locker room. The rest of the class was already gathered in a haphazard circle in the center of the gym. Cory and Vincent stood in the middle of the group, standing slightly apart from everyone else in a way that absolutely screamed team captain .

team captain As Calla and Stephanie melded into the circle of students, Vincent said something that made Cory laugh. Calla's eyes narrowed as the two shook hands, a competitive glint in their eyes.

She wanted to march up to Vincent and ask what the hell the handshake was all about, but she never got the chance. A piercing whistle made everyone flinch, and soon the gym teacher had divided the class into two teams. Calla ended up on Cory's team, much to Vincent's chagrin.

Luckily, dodgeball wasn't the sort of game where small talk was possible. Instead of dodging Cory's advances, Calla found herself running in circles for an entirely different reason, her competitive edge sharpening to a fine point as she immersed herself in the game. She longed to escape back to the girl's locker room—she would find the information she needed by force, if necessary—but since she couldn't, she focused her energy on hitting as many people as possible with bright red, rubber balls.

Cooper had it out for her in the first round. A mistake. She dodged his attempts with relative ease, her focus on slower, easier targets—the freshmen girls huddled at the back of the gym. Their terrified screams pleased her in the worst way.

She lifted her foot just in time to avoid a volley from Cooper. He smirked at her as he passed by, taking care to stick to his side of the gymnasium. The smirk disappeared when Cory planted a rubber ball in his back. He wore when the whistle blew, signaling her team's victory.

"Nice." She and Cory high-fived. Vincent and Cooper scowled.

The second round began with more energy than the first. Calla locked eyes with Cooper on the far side of the gym. She gave him a sweet, pointed smile. He blanched.

The whistle blew and she darted forward, a half-step behind Cory. They reached the center line at the same time as Vincent and Gareth. Before Gareth could tag her out, she danced away, ball in hand. Her eyes locked on Cooper. He'd just bent over, his hand reaching for a rubber ball, when she fired a shot into his shoulder. The sound reverberated throughout the rafters high above.

Vincent couldn't help but laugh as Cooper stormed over to the sidelines, rubbing his arm.

She gave him no quarter. Each time a teammate tagged him back in, she ensured his swift removal. He glared at her, trying to convey some hidden message— I'll get you for this, maybe. But she did not fear Cooper Daniels. She never had. And she never would.

I'll get you for this, Her team won that round. The second victory came with a giddy high. But it didn't last. The third and final round got the best of Calla. A well-timed volley from Vincent put her on the sidelines, where she and Cooper sat a couple of feet apart, divided by the center line. They watched as their numbers dwindled, until only Vincent and Cory were left to duke it out. Though she hated to lose, watching Vincent narrowly escape elimination—and then fire a cannon into Cory's back—felt immensely satisfying in its own way.

Especially when he looked so good doing it.

"Not bad, Parker," Vincent called after her as she and the rest of the girls filed into the locker room. She raised her middle in salute and he laughed. The coach muttered something about teenagers, but let it slide.

teenagers, Calla took her time gathering her things, even as the final bell of the day rang. By the time she shouldered her backpack, most of the other girls had fled the locker room, sprinting for the parking lot and the freedom that lay beyond. Stephanie, in particular, seemed eager to leave. She waved to Calla with hardly a goodbye, clutching her phone protectively as she escaped.

Calla watched her sprint away, fighting the urge to run after her. She still needed to grab the rest of her things from her locker—she'd left her stupid psych assignment in her textbook—so instead of chasing down her only lead, she hurried out of the locker room, hitching her backpack higher onto her shoulder.

"Calla!" Vincent flagged her down just before she stepped out of the gymnasium, the cool air blasting from above blowing stray strands of hair across her face. She brushed them out of the way and waited for Vincent, Cooper straggling behind him, his car keys in hand.

Vincent threw his arm over her shoulders, smirking down at her. He hadn't bothered changing, and still sported gym shorts and a tank top. "Need a ride?"

" Do I," she emphasized, just to see Cooper's reaction.

Do He gagged.

"Let me grab my psych book first," she grumbled. "I left it in my locker."

She expected them to linger in the gym—it wasn't exactly a short walk from one end of the school to the other—but they followed her down the hall, an unlikely escort. Cooper walked on her left, his hands looped through the straps of his backpack in what she assumed most might find an endearingly nerdy fashion.

"Find out anything interesting today?" she asked lightly as they arrived at the stretch of sophomore lockers. She hurriedly twisted in her combination, her thoughts wandering to Stephanie and Tom and forbidden photos.

"Nah. Astrid wants to talk more tomorrow." She looked over just in time to catch Vincent rolling his eyes. "Said she had something to do after school today."

"Juicy," Calla deadpanned, fighting down violent images of her hands around Astrid's throat, squeezing until her eyes popped out of her head.

It was my idea to recruit Vincent, she reminded herself. He's doing exactly what I told him to do.

It was my idea to recruit Vincent, He's doing exactly what I told him to do. It didn't mean she had to like it.

"My day was a little more productive than that." Cooper's words were an ominous mutter. Calla grabbed her book and shot him a look. She slammed her locker closed, clicking the lock back into place.

"Well? Spill," Vincent demanded, a step ahead of her.

"Here? I don't think so." Cooper took the lead as they wound their way back toward the gymnasium, avoiding clusters of lingering seniors along the way.

"Lame." Calla clutched her psych book to her chest. "Just spit it out."

"Yeah. Lame ," Vincent agreed obnoxiously, shoving Cooper's back.

Lame "You can both ," he said pointedly, throwing them a look over his shoulder, "go fuck yourselves."

both Calla fought laughter as they reentered the gymnasium, Cooper slamming through the double doors. A group of freshmen from their gym class lingered by the doors leading outside, gathered in a tight, tense circle.

The group looked up, startled by their entrance. Something about the way they'd gathered around each other, their faces varying degrees of shock and fear, gave Calla pause.

"What's going on?" she called from across the gym, her steps slowing as they drew closer to the group. Cooper and Vincent followed her lead.

She thought she heard Cooper mutter under his breath, "Why does this feel familiar?"

The doors leading outside burst open, and one of the freshman girls screamed. Calla recognized the petite newcomer immediately: Stephanie.

Ignoring the freshmen, Stephanie made a beeline for Calla, Vincent and Cooper. Her eyes were red and swollen, tear tracks staining her face. She practically collapsed into Calla's arms. Her hands were slick with sweat.

"What—Stephanie, breathe. What's wrong?"

breathe. Stephanie sobbed, a far cry from her distant composure from before. Her next words hung in the air like shards of ice, plunging the room into cold, deadly silence.

"She's dead. Jessica's dead ."



Jessica's dead





31: The Lucky Number Five


Number four is dead.

Number four is dead. Cooper stared down at his shaking hands. He clasped them together and squeezed. Hard.

But still they shook.

"How long are they gonna keep us here?" Vincent mumbled from somewhere above him.

No one had an answer. Cooper's best guess? The police were still securing the area, locking down the school premises to try and catch a serial killer.

If the killer hasn't slipped away already. Which they probably have...

If the killer hasn't slipped away already. Which they probably have... After Stephanie's heart-stopping announcement, Cooper had spent the better part of an hour pacing. He'd walked from one end of the gymnasium to the other, his eyes locked on his shoes.

And, since thinking about his impending doom was far too heavy for Cooper to fully comprehend, he instead focused on that: his shoes. He hadn't realized how filthy they'd gotten. What was he, an animal? As he paced, he caught himself thinking how he would clean them when he got home.

Yes. He would clean his shoes. And then he would call a therapist. Because at this point, Cooper was fairly confident he was having a mental break.

Vincent had been the one to finally put a stop to his incessant pacing, dragging him over to the bleachers—quite literally. He'd grabbed Cooper by the scruff of his hoodie and all but hauled him along, throwing him on the rickety bench where Calla sat, Stephanie propped against her side.

No one had moved since then. No one had dared.

Across the gym, just inside the double doors leading outside, two officers stood on alert. They wore the half-worried, half-panicked look of men who had no idea what the hell was going on. Other officers, including Deputy Pendowski and Officer Hand—the same two who had knocked on Cooper's door only a few weeks ago to drag him into the station for questioning—shuffled in and out of the gym, muttering into their radios in low, terse voices.

A small unit of detectives showed up within the first hour, including the lead man on the case, Gerald Michaels. Cooper's mom had gushed about the handsome detective enough times that he felt as if he knew the guy personally.

He didn't look like the ruggedly attractive man from his mom's daydreams, though. Not anymore. The case of the Greenwitch Killer had aged him, turning his sandy hair grey, his eyes heavy with dark circles. The lines around his mouth were deeper, more prominent.

He looked like a man who'd stared too long at death, ready and willing to pay the price that it demanded—only to find that the price was too steep. Far too steep.

Cooper watched him now as he gestured for a nervous freshman to take a seat in an ancient foldout chair, which doubled as the makeshift interrogation space. They'd been bringing faculty and staff into the gymnasium for the last two hours, writing up preliminary reports.

Two hours . And they'd only just started on herding in students for questioning.

hours As it turned out, a lot of kids had still been in school in some way, shape or form when Jessica's body was found. After-school practice, club meetings, and tutor sessions meant that nearly half of the school had been quarantined. None of the students had been allowed to leave the rooms they'd been found in once the police came to shut things down.

lot Which meant Cooper, Vincent and Calla were stuck in the gym with a group of panicked freshmen and one very distraught Stephanie.

Above him, Vincent sighed heavily. The creaking of the bleachers as he shifted his weight made Cooper flinch.



"Coop?"

Her voice surprised him. He jumped and twisted around to see Calla staring at him, her eyes speculative and cold. Cautious.

Vincent had repositioned himself so that he was now lying along the bench, his head in her lap. On her other side, Stephanie had propped her head on Calla's shoulder, her eyes closed and mouth slightly agape, the stress and tears having finally driven her into an exhausted sleep.

Cooper didn't answer her. He just waited for the inevitable question.

"What did you find out? Earlier today?"

He glanced over at Stephanie, who didn't shift even an inch. Vincent turned his head to look at Cooper, his tired eyes curious once more.

He sighed. Acutely aware of Stephanie's presence—sleeping or not—he proceeded with caution, breaking down his earlier encounter as vaguely as possible. He hadn't wanted to tell them, not here, not while they were still in school. But he had no choice. Not with Jessica's death weighing so heavily in the air...with his own soon to follow.

"I got a chance to talk to, uh, him ," he started slowly, flashing back to the awkward encounter with Ryan in the lunchroom. Had that really been today? It felt like a hundred lifetimes ago. "We were in line to grab lunch. I just...point-blank confronted him about it."

him Cooper could still feel the flush in his cheeks from the exchange. Standing there in line for tacos, his hands shoved in his pockets, Cooper had gone through everything he knew about Ryan in his head. He wanted to like the guy. He really did. But the thought that Ryan might be using him as a toy in some sick, twisted game had been the straw that broke the camel's back. Riding on a burst of angry courage, Cooper had been bold enough to tap on Ryan's shoulder, look him in the eye, and ask, "So. You're a coke dealer, huh?"

"So. You're a coke dealer, huh?" The look on Ryan's face hadn't been pleasant. Shock. Fear. And a hell of a lot of anger. Cooper probably should have ended up on the floor with a bloody nose. How he'd escaped that fate, he had no idea.

"Jesus." Vincent frowned. "I saw you guys talking, but Astrid kept trying to get my attention..."

"What did he say?" Calla pushed, keeping her voice as level as possible to avoid waking Stephanie.

Cooper grimaced.

"Are you insane? What are you even talking about?" Ryan had snapped, brushing him off as one might a particularly annoying gnat.

"Are you insane? What are you even talking about?" "I know you sold to Gareth," Cooper had pushed, muttering under his breath—just loud enough for Ryan to hear every word over the din of the cafeteria. "And I know Detective Michaels is watching your house. I'm guessing it's because you're involved in the drug ring running around town. Jacob joined in over the summer. Did you recruit him? What went wrong? How was Rachel involved?"

"I know you sold to Gareth," "And I know Detective Michaels is watching your house. I'm guessing it's because you're involved in the drug ring running around town. Jacob joined in over the summer. Did you recruit him? What went wrong? How was Rachel involved?" He'd been bluffing there at the end, trying to connect a set of dots even he couldn't fully see. He could only assume that Jacob's death had something to do with a deal gone terribly wrong. And he felt confident enough to try and shake the truth from Ryan.

He'd failed. But only just so.

"He ignored me. And then he denied it," Cooper mumbled, casting his eyes down to examine Calla's boots. They were filthy, too. "So I pushed it. I mentioned the detective. And then Jacob and Rachel, to see if I could rattle him."

Calla tilted her head to the side, eyes hooded. "And?"

"He bolted." Cooper hesitated. "So I followed him."

"Jesus, Coop," Vincent repeated, shifting into a sitting position. "What were you thinking?"

"I was thinking we need answers," he hissed. "Which is obviously the case, since someone else is dead."

else

And not just anyone, he thought. One of the six. Not the six anymore, I guess.

And not just anyone, One of the six. Not the six anymore, I guess. "Quiet," Calla murmured, her voice deadly soft. Both boys settled back into their respective positions. Vincent laid his head in Calla's lap with a grumble and Cooper slumped. He ran a hand along his head, tugging on his hair.

"And?" she pushed again, even more softly. "When you followed him?"

"And..." Cooper hesitated. "And I don't know."

And I'm confused. And I'm terrified. And I have no idea what to do next, Calla. Because I think Ryan Kane is innocent. And that doesn't—make—sense.

And I'm confused. And I'm terrified. And I have no idea what to do next, Calla. Because I think Ryan Kane is innocent. And that doesn't—make—sense. Call it a hunch. No matter how many times Cooper replayed what had happened—no matter how adamantly he tried to convince himself that he was wrong, that the killer would most likely be clever enough to trick him into thinking otherwise—he came to that same conclusion. Ryan had not killed anyone. Or, at the very least, he had been forced into doing something that he absolutely did not want to be a part of.

wrong, not Cooper had followed him from the cafeteria, tracking him back to their empty world history class. Ryan had been in a rush, stuffing his binder into his bag, sweat gleaming on his brow. When he'd caught Cooper staring at him from the doorway, he'd flinched and dropped his pencil, letting fly a string of curses.

"Look. Don't tell anyone about the blow, alright?" he'd pled. "I'm in enough trouble as is. So is Gareth."

"Look. Don't tell anyone about the blow, alright?" "I'm in enough trouble as is. So is Gareth." Cooper hadn't had time to grill him for more information. Ryan had been saved, quite literally, by the bell.

"I don't think he's our guy." He looked up then, directly at Calla. Their eyes locked. "And I have pretty good instincts."

I was right about you, wasn't I?

I was right about you, wasn't I? She said nothing. Vincent frowned at him in the sort of way he usually did before he punched Cooper's arm, but the hit never came.

"We'd like to speak to Stephanie Brighton, please."

The trio startled and turned. Deputy Pendowski stood at the foot of the bleachers, one finger hooked through his belt loop. Calla gently moved her shoulder, waking Stephanie. The other girl blinked, her eyes swollen from close to an hour of nonstop tears.

"Miss Brighton?" The deputy sighed. "Down here, please. We're going to wrap this up as quickly as we can."

Reorienting herself, Stephanie hesitated and then nodded, eyes downcast. She stood and picked her way down the bleachers, wobbling unsteadily. Cooper watched her go, his heart heavy.

He couldn't help but think of his first day back at school after that terrible night. Stephanie had been one of the few people to show him kindness. And he hadn't forgotten that. She didn't deserve to suffer over the death of a girl who had already caused her so much pain.

They'd all suffered enough. And it was time to put an end to that suffering.

Cooper twisted back around, ready to ask Calla a million questions now that they were alone—did she still trust their insider intel, and if so, what the hell was she going to do about it—but then he stopped. She had a phone in her hands, but it wasn't her own. The bright purple case gave it away immediately.

"What are you doing?" he hissed, glancing over to the other end of the gymnasium, where Stephanie and Detective Michaels now sat. She had her arms wrapped around herself, her head down. The scene looked eerily familiar to the night he'd seen her at the station, mascara running down her face.

"Going through Stephanie's phone," Calla said bluntly. "It fell out of her pocket when she was sleeping."

"Huh?" Vincent sat up, looking down at the phone curiously. "Why? What's on her phone?"



"She's got dirt," Calla explained quickly, typing in the passcode—how the hell did she know the passcode?—and scrolling through Stephanie's camera roll. "I'm not sure what of , but...it's worth a quick peek."

of "Uh...why?" Vincent asked again, lost. He glanced at Cooper helplessly, but Cooper just shrugged, shaking his head.

Why do girls do anything?

Why do girls do anything? "A hunch," Calla breathed, her eyes narrowing. "Here's something juicy. I think I know why Jess and Mike broke up."

She angled the phone and they both leaned in, looking at the picture she'd pulled up on the other girl's phone. The boys stared and, in unison, said: "Damn."

The photo had been taken with flash, illuminating the otherwise dark scene. In it, Jess—dressed in a flashy green gown, her long blonde hair impeccably curled—was wrapped up in an enthusiastic kiss with Mike Richardson. Based on what they were wearing, this had been taken the night of the gala, the two having retreated under the bleachers to steal a kiss.

Romantic. Except for one little detail.

"That's...totally not Mike," Vincent elaborated, tapping the picture to zoom in. "Mike wore khaki pants that night, not navy. That's...that's Blake. "

Blake. Cooper might never have noticed such a minute detail. But the slew of pictures from that night—they quickly scrolled through several group shots, just to be sure—confirmed Vincent's observation. The twins often dressed alike; it amused them to no end to watch the populace struggle to identify one over the other. But on this night, they'd diverted from their usual antics, instead opting for something a little more individualistic.

It made it easy to identify the scandal.

"Jess cheated on Mike with his twin ?" Cooper paused. He didn't want to say it, but someone had to. "That seems kind of...redundant?"

twin Calla threw him an exasperated look.

"Am I wrong?" he asked, raising his hands.

Vincent fought back a smile.

"Damn," Calla muttered, ignoring them both. She sounded almost excited. "Steph's been putting in work. She's pillaging your pics, Coop."

"What?" He leaned forward, affronted.

Calla tilted the phone so that he could better see the screen. She'd exited out of Stephanie's camera roll and instead ventured into her albums. Cooper swore when he realized what, exactly, Calla had found.

"She's...she's downloading our pictures?" He phrased it like a question, but he already knew the answer. Each album had a different name.

CD. EJ. LL. OLP. TS.

Cooper Daniels. Elijah Johnson. Lindsey Langston. Oliver Lee Peppers.

Cooper Daniels. Elijah Johnson. Lindsey Langston. Oliver Lee Peppers. "T.S. Tom Sahein." Calla clicked the album. "She downloaded Sahein's greatest hits. I bet that would piss him off, if he knew."

Cooper read between the lines when their eyes met.

He found out, he realized. And he confronted her at Jess's party. I'd bet my life on it.

He found out, And he confronted her at Jess's party. I'd bet my life on it. Cooper glanced over his shoulder. Stephanie nodded at something Detective Michaels asked. He ran a hand along his face, weary.

"I'll keep a lookout," Vincent offered when Cooper turned back around.

"That picture of Blake and Jess is in Sahein's album," Calla confirmed, still speaking in hushed tones. "Of course it is. Little creep." She swiped out of the album. "The question is..."



Still working quickly, she scrolled through Stephanie's recent messages. Her eyes narrowed after a few seconds passed.

"What?" Cooper demanded.

"I was wondering how Mike found out." Calla showed him Stephanie's phone. "Guess we have our answer."

"What?" Vincent asked, his eyes still fixed on his target across the gym. "Keep me in the loop, please."

"Ouch. Man. That's rough." Cooper shook his head. "Steph sent Mike the picture."

"For real?" Vincent made a disapproving noise. "Snitch."

Cooper rolled his eyes. "You would think that."

"I'm just saying. Snitches get stitches," he mumbled under his breath.

And busted lips, Cooper thought. I guess we know why the twins got into it. And why Mike called it quits.

And busted lips, I guess we know why the twins got into it. And why Mike called it quits. "You don't think..." Cooper hesitated, desperate for any answer that might point the blame away from Ryan. "You think Mike took things too far?"

He gestured, indicating the unfolding chaos.

"The guy was probably pissed. But that doesn't mean he killed Jess, for crying out loud," Vincent whispered, glancing over at the group of freshmen still gathered in a vague cluster several yards away. "I mean, who actually liked Jess? I know that's kinda fucked 'cause she's dead and everything—"

liked "You're right," Calla admitted, as if reluctant to agree. Even though Cooper knew she would have happily lopped Jessica's head off herself, if she'd only been given the chance. "Jess wasn't a very likable person. She pissed off a lot of people."

Like Ryan, her eyes seemed to say. Cooper felt a jolt of dread as he realized they were right. Ryan and Jess had almost been to blows in that movie theater. Could the guy really hold a grudge for that long?

Like Ryan, Calla either couldn't sense his inner turmoil, or she didn't care. She held out the phone again. He wrinkled his nose at the kissing couple.

"Yikes." Cooper glanced at Vincent. The image of Vincent and Astrid beneath the fieldhouse bleachers was unmistakable. "She's got dirt on you, too."

"What?" Vincent tore his eyes from Stephanie. "Give me that."

"Ah-ah." Calla held the phone out of his reach. "Just look ."

look He did so with narrow eyes, his face turning a dangerous shade of purple.

"That..." He fought for the right insult. Apparently, there wasn't one that could appropriately describe the town gossip.

"Sahein take that, too?" he asked, patting Vincent's arm.

"He did." Calla had already exited out of the image. "I guess she just took the story and ran with it all the way to Gareth."

She swiped through the rest of Sahein's album, lingering on an image of Cooper shoved against his locker, Jacob Stein's fist twisted in the folds of his shirt. The reminder of the brutal beating did little to calm his nerves. He tried to keep up as she flipped through one picture and then the next, her eyes scanning the screen with a speed that was hard to follow. She paused only twice more. Once, on a close-up on Vincent kissing Calla's hand in a crowded hallway. And again on a grainier image, a dark figure retreating up a familiar staircase.

That was from the night of the Halloween party, he thought, a growing sense of alarm blooming in his stomach. That didn't look like Calla. They looked bigger. Bulkier.

That was from the night of the Halloween party, That didn't look like Calla. They looked bigger. Bulkier. And then, without warning, Calla swiped out of the camera roll and locked Stephanie's phone, returning it to the spot on the bench beside her. A moment later, Cooper understood why. Light footsteps vibrated the stands and then Stephanie appeared, slumping back down beside Calla. "That was exhausting."

"Vincent Townson!" Deputy Pendowski was back. He stared up at them, tired. "Could you come down here for a moment?"

Vincent sighed, throwing a look back over his shoulder as he hurried down the bleachers, hands shoved in the pockets of his gym shorts. Cooper watched him go, his stomach twisting into knots.

He stayed like that, poised on the edge of nausea, for the duration of Vincent's interrogation, and again for his own. Detective Michaels asked him a slew of standard questions, the sort that made it quite obvious he knew he hadn't done a thing wrong. It was a nice change of pace, and yet Cooper still felt as if he might vomit at any moment.

Number four is dead. Who's next? Who dies before me?

Number four is dead. Who's next? Who dies before me? After exhausting their resources, the police finally allowed everyone to go home. Cooper and Calla waited while Vincent grabbed his athletic bag from the locker room, and together they trudged out into the parking lot. The sun had set in the time it took to seal off the crime scene and gather testimony. Bright spotlights from the lamps overhead washed the parking lot in an eerie, pale light.

Stephanie, who'd parked in the side lot, gave Calla a hug before jogging over to her car, as if afraid to be alone in the dark for even a moment. Cooper didn't blame her.

"What a horrible day," Vincent muttered. "How have you two been at this for so long? It's day one for me trying to figure this thing out, and someone is already dead."

horrible "Pro tip," Cooper offered sarcastically, "don't study criminal justice in college. I don't think it suits you."

Vincent grumbled. It was a testament to how emotionally drained he was that he climbed into the backseat of Cooper's Mustang without complaint.

Cooper fell into the driver's seat, leaning forward to rest his forehead against the steering wheel. He sighed heavily. "I haven't even looked at my phone. Under or over five voicemails from Mom. Vincent?"

looked "Over."

"Calla?"

"Under," she drawled, propping her head in her hands and staring out of the passenger window.

"Excellent," he muttered, heaving himself upright and twisting the key into the ignition. The Mustang roared to life, shuddering slightly.

Vincent unzipped his athletic bag. "Wonder if tomorrow's assignment for pre-cal is still due..."

"If it is," Cooper inserted, "Mrs. Lakewood deserves whatever punishment is coming to her in hell."

"Agreed." Vincent tossed a stack of papers in the seat beside him as he rifled around in his bag. The guy had no sense of organization. It was an amazing feat that he hadn't somehow managed to lose every possession he owned.

"Hey," Cooper warned. "Respect the car. Keep her clean, please."

"Yeah, yeah." Cooper watched Vincent in the mirror. He tossed a nondescript scrap of paper in the floorboard, not bothering to look up from his bag.

"None of this makes sense," Calla muttered to herself, tuning the both of them out. She glared out of the window, her brow furrowed. "I thought we knew..."

"What was that?" Cooper asked, ignoring her. His eyes flickered from the road to the rearview mirror, straining to see the mess Vincent had made in the backseat.

"Huh?" Vincent shrugged, distracted. "I dunno."

Cooper's nausea came back in force.

"What was that paper, Vincent?" he asked, his voice very near panic.

Calla picked up on his tone. She looked at him, assessing. And then she turned, her dark eyes scanning the pile of discarded trash at Vincent's feet. Locking in on the very thing Cooper had noted, she strained against her seatbelt and snatched the scrap of paper before Vincent could grab it.

Cooper slowed the Mustang to a crawl as she held the paper up to the light, her hands steady.

"I don't know what that is," Vincent said, his voice almost defensive.

Cooper swallowed but said nothing.

"I do." Calla sounded dead, her voice cold and empty. Together, the trio stared at the piece of paper.

A red five glared back at them.





32: It All Started With That Damn Cat


Calla had no interest in hair.

She'd watched enough true crime documentaries to know all about the souvenirs that most serial killers took from their victims. Fingernails. Strips of skin. Blood samples. The occasional finger. Perhaps a piece of jewelry, or some other identifying item the victim had worn up until their untimely death.

And of course, there was the classic keepsake: a lock of hair. Sometimes entire sections of it, stowed away in a shoebox and buried in the backyard. Like a morbid time capsule.

Calla understood it. She really did. Hair was unique. Hair had texture, and scent, and was so tantalizingly human. What better way to preserve the last snapshot of someone's life than by hoarding such an intimate part of who'd they'd been?

But she personally had no interest in it. And not just because the idea of stuffing a lock of hair in her nightstand did nothing for her. No, it was more than that.

Because hair would never be enough.

enough. I'm going to find you, she thought, staring over at the torn page on the coffee table, the familiar red scrawl calling out to her from across the room. I'm going to find you, and I'm going to make you mine.

I'm going to find you, I'm going to find you, and I'm going to make you mine. Since finding that page, she'd imagined how she might end the Greenwitch Killer, each method more gruesome than the last. She imagined what it would feel like to slice through their skin. To feel them convulse beneath her fingers. To watch the light leave their eyes.

She would keep a vial of their blood—no, a jar. She would extract their teeth. Peel the skin from their lips. Break the joints of their fingers, and then sever them, right down to the bone. She'd hang those fingers from a string and loop them over her bedpost, a demented dream catcher for all of her nightmares.

Who knew? Perhaps she'd keep a lock of hair, after all. Fold it in the depths of her favorite book and smile when she looked at it each morning.

I'm going to find you.

I'm going to find you. "So...I'm dead?"

Vincent's question was met with silence, drawing Calla slowly—oh, so slowly—from the depths of her wild fantasies.

The trio sat in Cooper's apartment, spread out across the living room like the points of a star. Cooper, perched on the recliner; Vincent, slumped against the couch cushions in defeat; and Calla behind the kitchen counter, her hands splayed on the faux marble. Amelia Daniels had been called in to work the night shift. And, as Vincent had predicted, she'd left her son almost a dozen voicemails and even more texts, begging him to call her and stay inside once he got home.

Calla's phone buzzed for the fifth time in half as many minutes. Her own mother, telling her to come home, and come home now. She ignored it.

now. "Like..." Vincent tried again, his voice startlingly loud in the silence. "I'm... dead dead? That's it?"

dead Cooper did what he'd been doing for the past ten minutes: he said nothing. He just sat there with his head in his hands, his fingers wound so tightly in his hair that she feared he might rip every strand from his scalp.

Hair. Why was she thinking about hair again?

"No," Calla finally said, finding her voice. She hadn't known what to say when they'd first found that fateful page, torn straight from Snow White's fairytale. She'd been buried too deeply in her fury. But once it became clear Cooper would be no help, she'd been forced to resurface, to explain—in excruciating detail—what that red five meant. The killer had circled a single line on the page: kill her, and bring me back her heart as a token. The words meant no more to her than they did to either of the boys.

kill her, and bring me back her heart as a token.

And now they were gathered in the Daniels' living room. Each one awaiting death, in their own way.

"But..." Vincent stared down at the coffee table, where Calla had thrown the death note—the nickname taunted her now, a dark promise that threatened to take what was hers from her grasp—upon entering the apartment. He eyed it warily. "You said..."

"I know what I said," she snapped, the beast raging back to the surface. "No one here is dying. I don't care what the killer's plans are."

"It's from a book, Vincent," she'd explained so patiently before, sitting there in front of Cooper's apartment, the car idling in the cold air. "They found a page in Jacob Stein's locker. And in Cooper's locker. I wouldn't be surprised if they found a page in Jessica's locker, too."

"It's from a book, Vincent," "They found a page in Jacob Stein's locker. And in Cooper's locker. I wouldn't be surprised if they found a page in Jessica's locker, too." "What about Rachel?" he'd asked, his voice small. Smaller than she'd ever heard it before.

"What about Rachel?" Rachel's page. She still hadn't thrown it out, instead tucking the scrap of paper in her nightstand. It was evidence, she told herself.

Or maybe she just couldn't let it go.

Cooper looked up at the sound of her furious, tense voice. It was as if he could smell her rage, like a hound dog for psychopaths. Her perfect mask was slipping, and he knew it. If Vincent were to look over at her now, what would he see?

She leaned back, her fingers tip-tapping against the counter. Taking a deep breath, she rolled her shoulders back and cracked her neck.

"Go get the page, Cooper," she said calmly.

"What?"

She stared at him. Hard.

"Right," he muttered, hauling himself to his feet. He shuffled down the hall to his room; when he reappeared, he held a piece of paper between his thumb and pointer finger. Afraid to touch it. And afraid to destroy it, apparently. It looked as if he'd tried.

He threw the torn page down on the coffee table. Calla walked over for a closer look. Lying side by side, Cooper's page looked starkly different from Vincent's. The paper had been crumbled, flattened, and re-crumbled, until the color had been stained a sort of off-white, the paper itself textured with wrinkles. Vincent's page still sported crisp edges, one end torn off.

But the handwriting—what little of it there was—looked similar. Not that Calla was an expert. Similar was the best she could do.

Similar She glanced over at Vincent, absorbing the desolate look in his eyes, the defeated hunch to his broad shoulders. His bright smile was gone, replaced by a thin, flat line.

Vincent.

Vincent. Her phone buzzed. And buzzed again.

"I've got to go," she said suddenly, striding over to the front door.

Cooper went into action. He sprang from his seat and beat her to the door, practically throwing himself against it. He stared at her with wild, desperate eyes. "You can't leave now. We've got—"

now. "I've got a plan," she said brusquely, grabbing his shoulder and squeezing it—hard. Hard enough to let him know that she would throw his ass on the floor, Vincent or no Vincent.

He stumbled to the side, his Adam's apple bobbing, as if he were trying to find the words but couldn't say them.

She opened the door and looked back, first at Vincent—who gazed back at her with a sort of hopeless confusion; he couldn't imagine how the hell she could possibly help him—and then at Cooper.



Cooper Daniels. The boy who had suspected her for so long. The one who'd recoiled from her in disgust. The one who'd told her, again and again, how wrong she was. How unnatural. He didn't look at her that way now. The look in his eyes was something else entirely.

I know who you are, those eyes said. And I want you to do what you do best. I want you to hunt.

I know who you are, And I want you to do what you do best. I want you to hunt. I want you to kill.

I want you to kill. Calla closed the door and drew up her hood, hurrying across the parking lot and through the field that separated their houses. The cold air bit at her face, stinging her eyes. She welcomed the tears that formed as a result, welcomed the quickening in her chest as she dug her heels into the dirt, striding through the tall, damp grass. Moisture clung to her bare thighs, still clad only in her gym shorts.

She welcomed that, too. Any and all discomfort drove her onward, fueling her.

I've got a plan, she'd told them. And she did. A half-assed, desperate plan, but a plan nonetheless.

I've got a plan, She paused just beyond the glow of the floodlights illuminating her yard, her breath fogging in the air. She stared at it blankly, watching her mother's vague silhouette move across the kitchen window.

None of this makes sense, she thought, staring at that shadow. Tracy. Jacob. Rachel. Jessica. Cooper and Vincent. How do they connect? What ties them all together?

None of this makes sense, Tracy. Jacob. Rachel. Jessica. Cooper and Vincent. How do they connect? What ties them all together? What am I missing?

What am I missing? She still couldn't answer that question.

Did it boil down to a drug dealer with a vendetta? A jealous lover with an agenda? A murderous plot formulated by a gossip junkie?

There was a rhyme to the murders. A reason. Why else count the victims so meticulously? Why else forewarn them with a cryptic little marker to count down the days until their death?

reason. Questions. So many questions, and none of them had answers. But she was starting to realize maybe she didn't need the answers.

Maybe she just needed a really good bluff.

Pursing her lips, Calla went inside. She was barely over the threshold of her house, nose pink and shivering in her hoodie, when Rosalind descended on her. She forced her daughter into a tight embrace, rocking her one way and then the other.

Her mother's voice was thick when she said, "Where have you been ?"

been "I'm sorry," Calla said automatically. "Cooper's. He drove me. His mom's pulling a double at work and he didn't want to be alone."

After another moment, her mother finally pulled back, sighing. She wiped the threat of tears from her eyes and gave Calla a stern look. "You scared me half to death. Answer your phone, young lady."

phone, "I'm sorry," she repeated, shivering.

"It's freezing outside. Come on." Her mother dragged her into the living room, ordering her to sit on the couch and throwing a blanket over her legs. Calla didn't want the warmth. She wanted the bitter cold.

She wanted the pain. She needed it to clear her head. She would need pain, after all, in her final bid to catch the killer.

But her mother had other plans. She warmed up a plate of leftovers and made a mug of hot cocoa, which Calla despised but drank all the same, wincing as the sweet decadence went down her throat. She needed to soothe her mother's frayed nerves if she had any hope of ever leaving the house again.



"I can't believe it. I just can't believe it," she murmured, plopping down on the other side of the couch. She'd poured herself a glass of wine—perhaps just a touch too full, but then again, the situation called for a tall glass. Or two. "Jessica Sneider. God above. I can only imagine what her family's going through," she rambled. "And so help me, I'll march over to Pendowski's tomorrow morning for keeping you kids until dark. With a serial killer on the loose!"

Calla sighed but said nothing. When her mother had a glass of wine in her hands, it was best to let her speak her mind.

Pulling out her phone, Calla began to scroll through her contacts. And then she pretended to hesitate, looking up. "Do you care if I call Stephanie? I want to make sure she got home okay."

And that she hasn't fallen asleep yet. I need her if this insane plan is going to work.

And that she hasn't fallen asleep yet. I need her if this insane plan is going to work. "Go on." Her mother leaned forward and kissed Calla's cheek. "Why don't you go ahead and go to bed while you're at it? I don't know if they'll cancel school or not over this. Just don't set your alarm and I'll come wake you if I need to, okay?"

Calla had no intention of falling asleep. But she agreed nevertheless, kissing her mother goodnight before shutting herself in her room. She closed the door gently behind her and then leaned against it, her expression settling into one of blank neutrality.

Vincent.

Vincent. She couldn't close her eyes without seeing his face. But it wasn't just his face. It was his face without light, without life. A red throat to match his red note.

just Enough, Calla. You have work to do.

Enough, Calla. You have work to do. Her plan. That's right. She had a plan. She had no idea if the half-baked idea she'd scrambled together in Cooper's living room would be worth a damn, but she had to try.

plan. Vincent.

Vincent. Walking over to her window, Calla took out her phone and scrolled through her contacts. She hesitated over Cory's number—what could he possibly have to tell her, with Jessica's death so fresh?—and then she moved on, dialing the one person she knew she could count on to spread a secret.

Stephanie answered on the second ring. "Calla? Hey."

"Steph. Listen." She minced no words. She was tired of beating around the bush, of moving the pieces into place as carefully as possible. Four people were dead. And two more would follow if she didn't get her shit together and make a move.

I've been on the defensive for too long, she thought bitterly. This hasn't been a hunt. It's been a massacre. And I'm tired of standing by and watching.

"What—"

I've been on the defensive for too long, This hasn't been a hunt. It's been a massacre. And I'm tired of standing by and watching.



Calla cut her off. "Just listen, okay? I'm sorry about Jess. I'm...I'm really sorry, Steph. This is all my fault."

Silence on the other end of the line. And then a bewildered question: "What...Calla, what are you talking about? None of this is anyone's—"

"It is," she insisted. "I should have gone to the police sooner, but...I've just been scared. I couldn't think straight after Rachel died, y'know?" A deep breath. "I have evidence. For the murders. And I've been too afraid to tell anyone."

Calla had never been so full of it in her life.

She had nothing on the killer—not unless she wanted to pull the knife out of her drawer and turn herself in for the murder of Tracy Smith, which she was only about ninety percent certain she'd committed. But that was the beauty of a good bluff.

The killer didn't need to know what cards she held in her hand. All the killer needed to know was that she was at the table, and she was ready to play.

play. "Steph?" Calla squeezed her eyes closed, forcing tears. She lowered her voice. "Are you...how mad are you? I'm so sorry. And now Jess is gone, and I know I should have said something. Oh my God, this is all my—"

so "Just breathe, okay?" Stephanie ordered, taking control of the situation while Calla had her fake meltdown. "It's alright. It's going to be alright. Did you tell your mom? What about Coop or Vincent?"

going "No," Calla said tearfully. "No one. I was gonna go to the station today, but we were kept so late, and I was so scared and I thought I should tell someone so I called you."

someone "It's alright," Stephanie repeated, lowering her voice. "Whatever it is, Cal...we're all scared, okay? It's just a horrible, awful situation, and people are dead, and you lost Rachel, and Mike and Blake are fighting, and now Jess is dead...oh, Mike. I called him when I got home, and he was just...distraught. He wants to come back for the funeral but his stupid parents took him on some stupid beach trip—"

Mike. Some stupid beach trip.

Some stupid beach trip. "What beach trip?" Calla interrupted her panicked, rambling speech.

"And—what? Oh." She could practically hear Stephanie deflating on the other end of the line. "Mike and Blake. Their parents pulled them out of school right before fifth period. They're doing some forced family vacation to try and get the boys to make up or something."

"So they weren't here? At school? When Jess...?" Calla asked again. In the window, she could see the shock written on her face as the revelation settled in.

"No?" Stephanie offered, uncertain now. "They were with their parents."

Calla's pool of candidates had just been cut in half. She gripped the phone with enough force to break the fragile plastic case that enveloped it. She'd been so hellbent on covering her bases, on chasing every last lead, that she'd ignored the answer dangling in front of her. The answer that Cory had offered her on a silver platter.

She'd been too obsessed with the twins and their drama to see the forest for the trees. Too distracted by the promise of Tom Sahein's involvement in all of this, somehow. And those distractions had cost her precious time. Time she could have spent cornering Ryan and Astrid and sending them to an early grave.

somehow. Cory, you were right. I should have listened. I should have crept into their rooms while they slept and cut their throats and been done with this charade.

Cory, you were right. I should have listened. I should have crept into their rooms while they slept and cut their throats and been done with this charade. "I've gotta go," Calla murmured. It didn't take much effort to put a layer of exhaustion over her words.

"Wait! When are you going to the station?" Stephanie asked in a rush, her voice cautiously hopeful. A journalist looking for her next story to break.

"Not tomorrow." Calla's mind raced. She no longer had time for Stephanie's incessant questions. "I need to get some things together. I'll go Friday."

Three days. That's how long she would give Ryan and Astrid to make their next move. Three days until Calla went to the station with some unknown evidence that would, supposedly, put an end to their bloody game.

Three days. "Goodnight," Calla muttered before hanging up.

If everything went the way she imagined, Stephanie wouldn't be able to stay quiet for long. Would it take a day for the entire school to know Calla had evidence against the killer? Two days, maybe? She wanted to put Ryan and Astrid in a corner, to force their hand. It was a risk. A risk for her. A risk for Vincent.

And Cooper, she added as an afterthought.

And Cooper, But there was also a chance that Ryan and Astrid would do exactly what she wanted: deviate from their path to come after her, or else risk being caught before their work was done. After all, this—all of this—had started with a knife. A knife in her hand, and Tracy Smith dead on the floor. The least she could do was end it in the same dramatic fashion.

her, Who am I kidding? This started long before Tracy Smith, she thought, still gazing at her distorted reflection in the window. Her hair wrapped around her head like flames, her eyes two dark, empty pits. Just ask Cooper...

Who am I kidding? This started long before Tracy Smith, Just ask Cooper... It all started with that damn cat.



It all started with that damn cat.





33: Courting Death


She'd lost her mind. That was the conclusion Cooper came to when Calla told him her plan.

We've played this too safe, she told him at school that Thursday. Four people are dead. And Vincent will be next if we don't do something. Screw Ryan. Screw Astrid. And screw their agenda. Let's see how they like the pressure on their shoulders.

We've played this too safe, Four people are dead. And Vincent will be next if we don't do something. Screw Ryan. Screw Astrid. And screw their agenda. Let's see how they like the pressure on their shoulders. Insanity. That's what it was. And yet, the longer Cooper ruminated on the idea—lying awake in bed at night in between bouts of nightmares—the more inclined he was to agree.

One way or another, this was all going to end, and soon. Either he would die, or he would live—but the waiting, the agonizing, would be over.

Cooper really, really hoped he lived.

really He had no idea if Calla's plan would even work. They'd discussed it at length in their psych class while Mr. Prichard went to the office for an emergency faculty-wide meeting. There were so many pieces, so many moving parts. What if Stephanie didn't do her part? What if Ryan and Astrid didn't fall for the trap?

work. What if they call your bluff, Calla?

What if they call your bluff, Calla? He could still see the look in her eyes as she stared at him, her lips pursed. The question had been more rhetorical than anything. He hadn't expected—hadn't wanted —her answer.

wanted Then we go with Plan B, she'd told him, her voice low and cold.

Then we go with Plan B, Plan B. He never should have asked her what that meant. But he had, ignoring every alarm bell ringing in his head.

Plan B? What's Plan B?

Plan B? What's Plan B? Nope. He never should have asked.

Her answer had haunted him well into the night. In fact, it was the only reason he was here now— here being the welcome mat of Ryan Kane's house, looking like an absolute jackass with his hand hovering over the door. Too afraid to knock.

here Too afraid to turn and walk away.

Calla's gonna kill me if she finds out I came here alone, he thought, trying to talk himself back into his car and away from the lair of a potential serial killer. But it's either this or...or Plan B.

Calla's gonna kill me if she finds out I came here alone, But it's either this or...or Plan B. Plan B. B—as in Bad. B—as in Bloodbath. B—as in Boy, I Wish I Had A Better Neighbor.

Steeling himself, Cooper rapped on the door, three taps in quick succession. And then he winced, waiting. He had no idea what he was going to say. All he knew was that if he didn't find a way to convince Calla that Ryan was innocent—if he didn't find a way to convince himself —then Ryan was going to die.

himself Calla would kill him. She would kill them all.

all. Gareth. Astrid. Ryan. Her eyes boring into his soul, pulling him down, down. Hell. Even Mike and Blake. Maybe Tom, too. All of them. I'll just...kill them all. No more mystery. No more guesswork. You'll be safe. He'll be safe.

Gareth. Astrid. Ryan. Hell. Even Mike and Blake. Maybe Tom, too. All of them. I'll just...kill them all. No more mystery. No more guesswork. You'll be safe. be safe. Was this love? If so, Cooper wanted no part in it.

Just when he'd convinced himself that no one was home, the door cracked open. One dark, suspicious eye looked out at him through the sliver of space. "Coop?"

"Hey. Uh, can I—"

He never got the rest out. Before he could blink, Ryan flung open the door and grabbed him by the shirt, pulling him inside.

The door slammed. The hand holding him by the shirt threw him against a nearby coat hanger, burying Cooper in a pile of soft cotton and starch leather. A hanger dug into his back, causing his spine to ache in protest.



Ryan pushed his face close, close enough that Cooper could smell a faint hint of cigarettes. His eyes darted around the room, but fear dulled his senses. He couldn't seem to make out anything beyond dark furniture, tacky rugs and that cigarette smell, stronger now that he was hyperventilating.

"What," Ryan ground out slowly, through clenched teeth. "Do. You. Want."

To live. Is that too much to ask?

To live. Is that too much to ask? "Uh." Cooper wriggled uncomfortably, trying to arch his back away from the coat hanger. "Right now? It'd be tight if you, uh, let go of me."

Ryan's bloodshot eyes never wavered. But it wasn't just the eyes that gave Cooper pause. The other boy looked haggard, as if he hadn't slept in days. Stubble grew in patches on his chin, his cheeks. His mouth twisted in a hard line, the muscles in his jaw fluttering.

Are their ghosts haunting you, the way they haunt me? Cooper thought, his back screaming for release. Is that why you can't sleep? Are you sorry you killed them?

Are their ghosts haunting you, the way they haunt me? Is that why you can't sleep? Are you sorry you killed them? He swallowed audibly, his hands slowly wrapping around Ryan's, gently trying to pry them loose. "I, uh, just wanted to talk. About what I said at school the other day. I know about the drugs—"

"Yeah. You made that clear. Why don't you—"

"Look," Cooper interjected, his voice hardening as a mix of desperation and manic determination took over. "People are dead. And Vincent is next. And then me. So if you're going to do something, just do it now and get it over with. Because I can't sleep, and it's driving me crazy."

dead. me. sleep, Ryan blinked at him. And then he blinked again, more slowly this time, absorbing everything that had been said. "Dude. What ?"

What He released Cooper and took a step back, wary now.

Cooper folded his arms. "I said what I said."

"But what you said makes no sense, " Ryan snapped, taking another step back. He was halfway on the living room rug now, his body angled. Preparing to bolt. As if Cooper were the dangerous one.

sense, Cooper Ryan continued, making wild gestures with his hands. "Vincent's next? Next for what ? What the hell am I supposedly doing in this situation, selling you a gram? Because I'm all out, dude. And Vincent never told me he wanted to buy in—"

what doing "Stop, stop," Cooper interrupted, putting up his hands. "We don't want drugs."

The other boy put his hands on his head, his eyes wide and wild. "Then what the hell do you want from me?" he shouted. "My parents are already on my ass. I go to school, I come home. I go to class, I keep my head down. I had to write Gareth's mom a letter of apology, for God's sakes!"

letter of apology, He began walking in circles, his hands digging into his scalp. "I'm lucky to not be in juvie right now, you know that?" he added, miserable. "So I don't need guys like you coming around asking me for shit."

"I'm not asking you for anything," Cooper argued, gesturing toward the door. "But if this is really just about the drugs, Ryan, then why is Detective Michaels watching your house?"

"How do you...?" Ryan stopped pacing, burying his face in his hands. "Vincent. Fuck ."

Fuck "Yeah. Vincent . He told me about the gala. Including the part where you were there when Rachel died." Cooper's expression hardened, his eyes narrowing.

Vincent there He liked to think he looked like Calla in that moment. Fierce. Intimidating. But he probably just looked constipated.

"I..." Ryan ran his hands up and down his face. "No. Oh, God. Man, it's not like that. I deal coke on the side for cash, okay? I didn't kill anybody!"

not

Cooper eyed him, his heart hammering. "Pretty sure that's what the killer usually says."

"Look," Ryan tried again, desperate now. He clasped his hands together. "Gerald Michaels is doing my dad a favor, okay? That's all it is. My old man won't leave me alone in the house for more than two seconds. He doesn't trust me. And..." A heavy sigh. Ryan closed his eyes. "Cory bought from me a couple times, and his dad found out. He didn't want my shit going public, 'cause he knew Cory would get wrapped up in it, alright?"

Cooper crossed his arms. "So, what? He's your personal babysitter?"

"Basically." He pinched the bridge of his nose. "He's the only reason I'm on unofficial house arrest, or whatever. It's not like he just sits outside. Did you see him when you came barreling up here?"

unofficial house arrest, I didn't come barreling anywhere, Cooper thought, flustered. But then he thought back, trying to picture the street as he'd seen it before. He'd been so panicked, he'd barely taken a moment to breathe, let alone examine the scenery.

I didn't come barreling anywhere, Apprehensive—and not stoked by the idea of turning his back to Ryan—Cooper inched toward the front window, keeping his body angled toward the other boy, who rolled his eyes. He flicked open one of the blinds, peering out at the street.

Nothing. Not a soul in sight.

Cooper's cheeks burned with embarrassment. "Well..."

"He's got better things to do," Ryan said, his voice low and depressed. Cooper turned to see him lift the hem of his sweatpants, revealing a monitor on his ankle. "Courtesy of the detective. This thing can track when and where I take a piss. I've been wearing it for a couple weeks now. The whole detective lurking outside my house thing was just a temporary fix."

detective lurking outside my house Cooper stared down at the tracker, his eyes fixating on the blinking red light.

This thing can track when and where I take a piss.

This thing can track when and where I take a piss. He slumped against the front door and, very slowly, he slid to the ground.

"I was already on the way home when they found Jessica," Ryan added, sounding exhausted. "I go to school and then come straight back home, remember?"

"It wasn't you," Cooper whispered from the floor, relief flooding his system. "But the night Rachel died. You were there, back in the bathrooms. You ran..."

there, Still wary, Ryan mimicked Cooper and sat on the living room floor, leaning his back against the wall. He brought his knees to his chest, wrapping his arms around his legs. With a shrug, he said, "I bolted 'cause of the drugs, dude. I didn't exactly want to get caught doing blow in the bathroom. Gareth and I went back there for a quick bump. He left after. I stayed. More guys were supposed to meet me for a baggie, but I guess shit hit the fan. I went outside to see what the hell was taking so long, and...well. You know the rest."

But I don't, Cooper thought, frustrated now. And that's the problem.

But I don't, And that's the problem. They were both silent for a moment, each lost in their own thoughts. And then, very quietly, Cooper asked: "Who knows? About you dealing?"

Ryan stared down at his mismatched socks—fucking mismatched socks —and frowned. "The people I sold to. Gareth. Astrid. That little bitch, Venus. Cory. Not Jessica, that's for sure." A dark chuckle. "Trevor. Ali. A couple freshmen. The senior class president, too."

mismatched socks Not "Ali Marks ?" Cooper asked, dumbfounded. The Sheriff's niece?

Marks The Sheriff's niece? "Yup," he said dryly. "You'd be surprised, dude."



Cooper rubbed his forehead. "How did you even get into this stuff?"

Ryan sighed. He spread his hands. "I dunno. One of the older guys on the team, I guess?" His eyes glazed over as a memory washed over him. "Yeah. Trey. Graduated last year. Cory got us into one of his parties and he offered us a line. And I guess we got to talking." Another heavy sigh. "How does this shit ever happen, y'know?"

Burying his head in his hands, Cooper let out a heavy sigh.

Blow. That's all it came down to. A little bit of white powder. A bad night transformed into a bad habit—one that quickly spiraled into a bad business.

Blow. But he wasn't a killer. He hadn't murdered Jessica over some petty squabble. That much was certain. And if he hadn't killed Jessica, the odds of him killing Rachel were slim to none.

Gareth and I went back there for a quick bump. He left after. I stayed. More guys were supposed to meet me for a baggie...

Gareth and I went back there for a quick bump. He left after. I stayed. More guys were supposed to meet me for a baggie... "How long were you waiting?" Cooper murmured, his head in his hands.

"What?"

"Back in the bathroom. The night of the dance." Cooper looked at him. "How long were you waiting for the other guys after Gareth left?"

Ryan frowned, as if the thought hadn't even occurred to him. "Five minutes, max?"

Which is more than enough time to kill someone, Cooper thought, picturing Gareth slipping from the bathroom and running into Rachel. But why?

Which is more than enough time to kill someone, But why? "Coop?" Ryan asked suddenly, startling him. Cooper looked up to find the other boy staring, his dark eyes filled with uncertainty.

"Yeah?"

"What did you mean...before?" he murmured, uncertain. "About Vincent and you being next , or whatever? And now, with all these questions..."

next Cooper ran a hand through his hair. "Oh. Nothing. I don't know. Just haven't been sleeping, I guess."

He tried to smile. Based on Ryan's reaction, it must not have been very convincing.

The other boy stared and stared. And then, relenting, he said, "You and me both."

He doesn't believe me. But it is what it is.

He doesn't believe me. But it is what it is. They sat there for an awkward moment, Cooper's back throbbing where Ryan had thrown him into the coat hanger. His phone buzzed, the sound abnormally loud in the silence of the house. Ryan watched him while he dug it out of his pocket.

A text from Calla.

Where are you?

Where are you? Ryan's.

Ryan's. Why?

Why? He's good. Meet you at my place in 20?

He's good. Meet you at my place in 20? She didn't respond. Of course.

I have to tell her, he thought, the panic from before kicking his heart back into high gear. I have to tell her before she comes for him.

I have to tell her, I have to tell her before she comes for him. He stood, probably a little too quickly. His head spun. "I, uh...I should probably go."

Ryan stood with him, his brows drawn low. He opened his mouth to say something, but Cooper cut him off. He didn't want to give him a chance to start asking questions.



"I'm sorry...for, y'know, being an ass." He rubbed the back of his neck. "It's been a rough couple of months."

"You're telling me ," Ryan muttered, still standing several feet from Cooper. His eyes were hard and distant, but not spiteful. Not bitter. Maybe there was still a chance Cooper could make things right between them. If either of them lived long enough.

me Ryan cleared his throat. He gestured to his ankle. "Mind keeping this between us?"

"Oh. Yeah." Cooper opened the door, hesitating at the threshold. Cold air washed over him, raising the hair on his arms. "I will."

You, me...and Calla. Close enough, right?

You, me...and Calla. Close enough, right? He made a swift exit, not even bothering to look in the rearview mirror as he raced back to his apartment. He had no doubt that Ryan was watching him make his getaway. He would have questions. Lots of questions.

Lots Cooper could worry about that later. He had other, larger concerns on his mind now.

He didn't kill Jess. But does that really mean he's innocent, Coop? His hands tightened on the steering wheel. Astrid could have killed her. The benefit of a two-man team.

He didn't kill Jess. But does that really mean he's innocent, Coop? Astrid could have killed her. The benefit of a two-man team. But why would Astrid kill her best friend? Her confidante?

Something's missing, he thought, frustrated. He took the next turn a little too sharply. Something's not right. It's not adding up the way it should be.

Something's missing, Something's not right. It's not adding up the way it should be. Because that's how mysteries worked. You found pieces of the puzzle along the way. You put together your theories. And then, in the end, the killer was revealed. Badda-bing. Badda-boom.

worked. He and Calla had pieces of the puzzle. They had a murder weapon, and fingerprints, and dead bodies and cryptic pages torn from cryptic books and the mind of a psychopath on their side. So why wasn't it adding up? Why hadn't Cooper had his ah-ha! moment yet?

had ah-ha! Frazzled, he pulled into the lot of his apartment complex and sighed, leaning his head against the steering wheel. A headache the size of Texas was forming in the spot between his eyes, and he rubbed at it fiercely. Which, in hindsight, probably did nothing to help.

Ripping his keys out of the ignition, Cooper stepped out of the car and closed the door, leaning against it with a heavy sigh. He tilted his head to the sky and closed his eyes.

Calla, where are you? I can't do this alone.

Calla, where are you? I can't do this alone. "Hey, Coop!"

In typical spaz fashion, Cooper fumbled his keys, accidentally flinging them in the gravel. He whirled around to see Cory stepping out of his Honda, an apologetic smile on his boy band face.

"Sorry," he said, walking over. He bent down to retrieve Cooper's keys. The perfect fucking gentleman. "I was just heading out. But I saw you and...well. I thought you might know where Calla is?"

"What? Oh, no." He shuffled his feet, uncomfortable. "She's, ah..."

She's with Vincent for all I know, he thought sourly. Sorry, buddy.

She's with Vincent for all I know, Sorry, buddy. Cory sighed, toying with Cooper's car keys. "I swear, she's impossible to keep track of."

"That's Calla for you," he offered lamely. He held out his hand, waiting for Cory to give him the keys.

He didn't. Cory kept flipping them around his fingers, staring down at them absently. His blonde hair ruffled in a slight breeze, but he didn't seem cold, not even in his short sleeve t-shirt. As if to himself, he murmured, "I don't understand..."

"Well..." Cooper trailed off, dropping his hand. He pretended to stretch, swinging his arms behind his back. "I'm gonna, ah, head inside. I can text Calla for you, if you want."

"Yeah." Cory brightened, giving him a grateful smile. "Could you?"

"Oh. Sure." Irritated now, Cooper took out his phone and sent her a string of increasingly agitated texts, ranting about Cory and how his infatuation with her was now becoming his problem, which was no bueno.

his He held up his phone. "Sent it. Maybe I'll have better luck."

And then, with as much emphasis as he could muster, Cooper held out his hand. Again.

Again. Cory went still, the keys hanging from his index finger. That small smile was still on his face, but it was different somehow. More amused. He tilted his head to the side, watching Cooper the way a cat might watch a bird outside of its window.

Or the way Calla might watch a cat outside of her window.

her "My mom's waiting." Cooper had no idea why he said it. His mom wasn't home—she was at work. But the words were past his lips before he could fully understand why, exactly, he suddenly felt so nervous.

His hand dropped by his side. It felt stiff. Numb.

Cory's amused smile grew. "Is she?"

That smile . And those pretty blue eyes—not so pretty anymore. Not so pretty at all.

smile Cooper didn't think about what he did next. He just ran . He ran the way he had that day he'd found the dead cat in the field. But he didn't make it home. Not this time.

ran He rounded the corner of his building when he felt a pair of powerful arms wrap around his throat, cutting off his air supply. For one wild moment, he thought Cory would snap his neck—just like that. But the arms squeezed and squeezed, until his throat tightened and his muscles began to grow slack, his brain screaming for air.

And then Cooper's world went dark.





34: The Psychopath Next Door


Calla frowned down at the keys in her hand.

What the hell sort of games are you playing, Coop?

What the hell sort of games are you playing, Coop? Angry now, she pulled out her phone, her eyes narrowing at the string of texts Cooper had left her—and which she had, for the most part, ignored.

Meet you at my place in 20?

Meet you at my place in 20? Calla.

Calla. Bitch hello.

Bitch hello. Cory is now stalking me because of you so thanks can you hurry up and get here?

Cory is now stalking me because of you so thanks can you hurry up and get here? Seriously the guy isn't leaving until he sees you.

Seriously the guy isn't leaving until he sees you. Answer him so he leaves me alone.

Answer him so he leaves me alone. The texts ended there.

"I leave for a couple hours and you go AWOL," she grumbled, clenching the keys hard enough to hurt, the jagged edges digging into her palm.

She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. A gust of cold air blew loose curls across her face and she batted them away, impatient. The keys jingled noisily in her hand.

The keys.

She paused, staring down at the cold metal. Something in her gut twisted. Deep down, she felt the beast stretch.

Cooper...

Cooper... The guy couldn't so much as leave a scrap of paper in the wrong pocket of his backpack without risking a compulsive tick. Her eyes trailed to the aged hunk of metal next to her, the car sitting cold and still. Experimentally, she walked around to the hood of the car and trailed her fingers over the metal.

Not cold yet . The engine was still warm.

yet "You were in such a rush to see me," she mused, walking a slow circle around the car. "So where are you?"

Meet you at my place in twenty?

Meet you at my place in twenty? And yet: no Cooper.

Cory is now stalking me because of you, so thanks.

Cory is now stalking me because of you, so thanks. And yet: no Cory.

Just a set of abandoned car keys.

Calla froze, her mind going blank for a moment, like a curtain dropping mid-scene. And then she blinked, and she saw them: those beautiful blue eyes. That coy, dimpled smirk.

The twisting in her gut intensified as a dark certainty gripped her.

She swore, her mouth going dry. Clenching the keys in her fist, she scrolled through her contacts and found Cooper's name. Breathing deeply now, she hit the call button and waited, her nostrils flaring. Like a shark catching a faint hint of blood in the water.

Does he still have his phone? Or has it been destro —

Does he still have his phone? Or has it been destro Cory answered on the second ring. "Calla! Finally."

Her eyes narrowed. "Where's Cooper?"

Right to the point. Why mince words?

"He's with me," Cory answered, upbeat. "He's, ah...a little tied up. Here. I'll give him the phone."

A moment later she heard a different voice. High-pitched and panicked. "He's going to kill me, Calla. Please , he's going to—"

Please "Shush, shush." Cory took the phone back, sighing into the microphone. "He's very dramatic. I thought he'd be...I dunno. More interesting? I mean, you seem to like him. You've kept him alive this long, so I figured..."



You've kept him alive this long. Her heart skipped a beat. In her mind's eye, she saw the flash of a silver knife, black hair tangled in her hands.

You've kept him alive this long. She blinked, and the image—the memory?—was gone.

"Where are you?" she asked flatly.

"Hmm? Oh!" Cory seemed delighted by her question. He laughed. "Right. Okay, so this totally wasn't supposed to go down like this...but you kinda screwed up my plan. Which is fine! More spontaneous."

wasn't He admitted this with a grumble. She imagined him with a slight pout, his beautiful eyes troubled. She wanted to pop those eyes out with a spoon. Or maybe she'd dig them out with her fingers.

"Where," she repeated. "Are. You."

"You're not usually this impatient," he mumbled, lost in thought. "But this is the real you. Not the other you." A wistful sigh. "There's so much I want to know..."

real You haven't seen the real me, Cory Michaels. And after today, you're going to wish you never had.

You haven't seen the real me, Cory Michaels. And after today, you're going to wish you never had. "Anyway," he continued, positive again. "I had to make some adjustments. But I think it works...we can finish this together now."

She flashed back to their date night at the movies, his hands soft and warm and his eyes filled with hopeful desperation. You'll be able to put all this behind you, he'd said, consoling her in the darkness. Start fresh.

You'll be able to put all this behind you, Start fresh. "Cory—" she started, her voice deadly quiet.

"Come to the place where it all started," he said simply, his voice less warm now. In the background, she heard Cooper shout, a frantic attempt to get someone—anyone—to help him. "I think it goes without saying you shouldn't bring my dad or the rest of the welcome wagon with you."

She ground her teeth together. "And where, exactly, is—"

exactly, Cooper screamed somewhere in the background—loud enough to cut her off mid-question. Her grip on the keys tightened, and she felt a trickle of water run down her pinky finger.

Not water. Blood.

"I would hurry if I were you," Cory instructed, his voice low and cold. The perfect match to her own.

Before she could gather her thoughts, he hung up the phone, cutting off Cooper's screams so abruptly she went still for a moment. For the first time in a long time, she had absolutely no idea what the hell she was supposed to do.

And then the rage came.

Letting out a wild scream, Calla threw her phone. The screen shattered on impact. She stared down at it, her chest heaving with each shuddering breath. Her throat tightened as the fury clawed its way through her body, consuming every molecule.

The beast inside her belly—the one she should not, could not let loose—shuddered in delight. And then her vision began to go dark. Her peripheral went first, but soon her entire focus had clouded. She blinked and rubbed her eyes with her free hand, cursing.

could not No.

No. The ground beneath her pulsed and went black.

She blinked, and suddenly she could see—only to find she wasn't in the cold parking lot anymore. She was somewhere else entirely. A different place. A familiar place.

familiar She stood inside a house, the press of warm bodies surrounding her on every side. Loud music rattled her teeth, and the sharp bite of vodka filled the air. She turned her head from side to side, disgruntled. Black and orange streamers hung from the ceiling. Multicolored lights bounced off the walls, the bodies, the floor. And from somewhere nearby, she could hear obnoxious, high-pitched laughter.



Stop.

Stop. It was all she could hear. That fucking laugh. She turned, lost in the crowd now. Where had Rachel gone? She needed Rachel. She needed to find her and get out of here. And where the hell had Cooper gone?

laugh. Cooper.

Cooper. She sucked in a lungful of cold air—cold air . Pain pierced the spot just behind her eyes and she moaned, holding her head. She'd dropped the keys. Cooper's keys.

. Cooper's Cooper.

Cooper. She tried to turn, to find the keys, only to realize she was lying face down in the gravel. When had she fallen down? And where were the keys?

And where were the keys? She wanted to open her eyes. But the pain drilling a hole into her brain kept her locked in place. She took a deep breath and recoiled at the smell of booze. In the distance, she heard laughter.

Nonononostop —

Nonononostop The party. That laugh .

. She was on her feet again, trapped in the crowd, her bare arms rubbing against other sweaty bodies. She whirled around, overwhelmed by bright costumes and plastic vampire teeth and red solo cups. Angry now, she shoved through the crowd, the laughter following her. Haunting her.

Rachel. Where are you? I need —

Rachel. Where are you? I need Billowing black hair caught her eye, retreating up the grand staircase. Up-up-up.

Calla darted into the kitchen. She nearly stumbled into a group of freshmen as her vision tunneled, the edges of her sight going dark.

She caught herself against the kitchen counter. Grating laughter made her look up. The retreating figure was almost gone now, that black hair slipping around the corner and out of sight.

Calla took one step forward, and then another, her hand trailing along the kitchen counter. Cool marble bit at her fingertips. She looked down and saw a flash of silver. A rack of gleaming knives.

The ghost of that laughter taunted her.

She slipped one of the knives into her hand without a thought. Without so much as a whisper. And then she headed for the staircase.

NO.

NO. Crying out, Calla lurched to her feet, stumbling into the present day—and straight into Cooper's Mustang. Her hands shook as she braced herself against the hood. Tears of pain streamed down her face. She dry heaved, her stomach twisting.

Cooper will kill me if I throw up all over his car...wouldn't that be a twist?

Cooper will kill me if I throw up all over his car...wouldn't that be a twist? The thought grounded her. With a few deep, shaking breaths, she managed to compose herself. She stared down at her hands, her fingers splayed against the still-warm metal.

Warm. It's still warm. There's still time...

Warm. It's still warm. There's still time... "Get your shit together," she muttered, pushing away from the car. She scanned the ground, looking for the keys. "Get. Your shit. Together."

shit. Apparently, getting her shit together meant crawling on her hands and knees to retrieve the keys that had somehow found their way under the car. She grunted as she stood, not bothering to brush the gravel from her jeans. Her hands slick with blood—how deeply had she cut herself on those damn keys, anyway?—she fumbled with the car's lock, jamming the car key into the door with so much force she feared she'd accidentally snapped it right off.

She closed her eyes, sucked in a deep breath, and then turned the key gently to the side. The lock clicked and she released the breath she'd been holding. Her nerves frayed, she slid into the driver's seat and slammed the door behind her. The air in the car was cold and still and quiet.

gently She was just glad it didn't smell like vodka.

No. She blinked, banishing the dark memories. She didn't want to go up that staircase. Not yet.

No. She didn't want to see what happened at the top.

Her ragged breathing filled the car. Ignoring it, she jammed the key in the ignition and the Mustang roared to life. It shook angrily, as if protesting her presence.

"Definitely should've learned how to drive before this," Calla muttered, grabbing the steering wheel with both hands. The jagged cut on her right hand stung something fierce, but she focused her attention on the gear shift, throwing the car in reverse.

She managed to escape the parking lot without a scratch, though she almost crashed into the line of mailboxes after reaching for her phone—only to realize she'd shattered it to pieces and didn't, in fact, have a phone anymore. Cursing, she slammed on the brakes. The car screeched to a halt, right there in the middle of the road. She let the engine idle while she punched the edge of the steering wheel repeatedly. And then she cursed, grabbing a fistful of her hair, ready to rip out every strand.

She didn't. Instead, she took a beat and sucked in her fifth or sixth deep breath of the afternoon.

"Okay." Calla lifted her hands from her head and rolled her neck. "Okay..."

She eased her foot off the break, preparing to take a sharp left. And then she hesitated.

Somewhere off Briar Lane, Vincent Townson was safe. No doubt shut away in his room, burning a candle to try and block out the smell of his father's beer—but safe.

Come to the place where it all started.

Come to the place where it all started. She hadn't given much thought to Cory's riddle, mostly because she'd known the answer almost immediately. Tracy Smith's house. That's where he would be, holding Cooper hostage while he waited for her arrival.

She glanced to her right, staring down the road. In the distance, she could make out the vague outline of downtown Greenwitch. The tallest building—the local county bank—stood at just two stories tall, the bright white dome piercing the orange sky.

And just beyond that bank? The police station.

I could end this now, she thought wildly, staring and staring at that white dome. Tell them where to find Cory. He'll kill Cooper, but he won't get away. Not if I give the police a head start. And Vincent...

I could end this now, Tell them where to find Cory. He'll kill Cooper, but he won't get away. Not if I give the police a head start. And Vincent... Vincent would be safe. There would be no dark fate waiting for him around the corner. Just the stress of his next test. His next big game. ACT scores and college applications and whatever other mundane things he wanted to do with his life.

The possessive part of her purred at the idea.

No one else alive knows my secret, she thought, staring down at her bloody hand. The secret dies with him. But Rachel...

No one else alive knows my secret, The secret dies with him. But Rachel... Rachel. She'd almost forgotten why she'd sworn to save Cooper's life in the first place. Why she'd made that deal with her neighbor and thrown herself into this convoluted mess.

She'd sworn to take the one who'd taken Rachel from her. A life for a life. A fair exchange. But that hadn't been the only promise she'd made.

I'm not going to let you die, Cooper.

I'm not going to let you die, Cooper. Sitting there in the dark theater, she'd promised him that much. And not because of their deal. But because he knew who she was. He knew. Whatever fire Vincent lit within her, whatever warmth Rachel had brought to her otherwise bleak life—Cooper Daniels was the only one who'd ever known what she really was.

knew. Was she really so willing to throw that away?

Calla stared at the orange sky, the setting sun lighting the treetops on fire. The car was still freezing cold—she'd been too distracted to turn the heat on—but she welcomed the discomfort. The cold. The pain in her palm. The throbbing in her skull.

She welcomed it all.

After one agonizing moment—and then two—Calla sighed.

She'd made her decision.





35: Captive


Cooper stared at the dark shape across the room in horror.

When Cory had first dumped him here, he'd barely been conscious, reeling from the agony of getting his hand sliced open. His mouth still tasted like vomit from the experience.

But eventually, the pain subsided—at least to a tolerable degree. Which was how Cooper found himself sitting alone in a dark room, his hands bound by some sort of hard plastic; the only source of light filtered through a window on the opposite wall. And even that was slight. Outside, the sun had already set, draping the world in the pre-dark of twilight.

I wonder if Mom's still at work...

I wonder if Mom's still at work... Cooper blinked into the darkness. At first, he could make out nothing beyond vague shapes: a square on the wall; the angles of what looked like a queen-sized bed in the center of the room; a dark oval on the floor; the blocky shape of what he guessed to be a dresser and, closer to the bed, a nightstand. He squinted, but his eyes stubbornly refused to adjust.

His ears, on the other hand, still worked fine. So when he heard the sound of rustling sheets, he froze.

What the hell?

What the hell? He stared at the bed—hard. Waiting for something to move. Waiting for the monster under the bed to come crawling out and bring his worst childhood nightmares to life.

The room was silent. Still.

Cooper gave a sigh of relief. But that relief quickly evaporated when he saw a dark shape move on the bed.

Nopenopenopenope —

Nopenopenopenope His first reaction? Panic. His heart crawled into his throat as he pressed himself against the wall, shrinking away from the unknown danger. The most horrific scenes from Resident Evil played on a loop in his head, and he immediately broke out in a cold sweat.

Resident Evil Get it together, you imbecile.

Get it together, you imbecile. He wasn't sure why he heard Calla's voice in his head just then. He'd always liked to think that if he absolutely had to die young, he'd at least get to hear his mom's voice. Or maybe it would be Vincent in his head, cheering him on from the sidelines to take down the bad guy in an impressive (impossible) feat of strength.

had So why he had to hear the voice of his psychotic neighbor...well, that was beyond him. Cooper personally felt he'd suffered enough for one lifetime.

The thing on the bed—Cooper did his best not to envision a rotting corpse—moved again. Only this time, it groaned.

thing "Okay. I'm out." Cooper scrambled to his feet and whirled around. He knew the door wouldn't open. The door never opened. But he gave it a shot anyway, fumbling for the doorknob with his bound hands.

never The knob twisted, but the door didn't so much as budge. He threw his weight against it, and still—nothing.

More groaning from the bed.

Cooper began banging on the door. He barely noticed his injured hand throbbing with each jolt. "Hey. Hey! I didn't sign up for this!"

Hey! "Wha-gah?"

It's speaking. And it sounds...really familiar?

It's speaking. And it sounds...really familiar? A different sort of horror gripped Cooper. He slowly turned around, his back pressed against the door. He tried to swallow past the fear clogging his throat, but his mouth was too dry.



The room wasn't so dark anymore, not now that his eyes had had time to adjust. He blinked, and suddenly the dark figure—which took up nearly the entire bed—began to take form. Messy hair sticking up at odd angles, near where a pillow might be. An old, worn pair of limited edition Jordans hanging off the side. And a letterman jacket he would know anywhere, the white sleeves glowing in the dark.

"Vincent!"

Cooper didn't think; he rushed the bed, his hands fumbling over his friend's face, his arms, his back. Scanning for injuries.

"Ow."

"It is you." Satisfied that he wasn't in mortal peril, Cooper began to shake his shoulders. "Wake up!"

is From what little light filtered into the room, he could see the moment Vincent opened his eyes. Which, luckily, gave him just enough warning to hit the floor.

He dropped before Vincent could...well, drop him. Vincent swore as he lurched to his knees and swung, aiming blindly in the darkness.

him. "Hey!" Cooper awkwardly waved his bound hands above his head, trying to flag Vincent down. He probably looked like some sort of demented earthworm. "Don't hit me. I'm already crippled."

me. "Coop?" Vincent peered over the edge of the bed. A grin split his face. "Coop!"

An instant later—with Cooper crouched on the floor and Vincent hanging over the edge of the bed—the reality of where they were, and why they were there, hit them.

Vincent's grin faded. Cooper sighed, his hand throbbing.

"That asshole is dead," Vincent whispered, though Cooper couldn't help but detect a note of fear in his words.

"No, we're dead if we don't figure out how to get out of here." Cooper stood on shaking legs, blinking into the darkness. "Where's the light switch?"

we're He stumbled over to the door, groping the wall. He found the switch and flicked it on—but nothing happened.

"Where the hell are we?" The bed creaked as Vincent slid off. He spun in a circle, analyzing what little he could see of the room.

"Tracy's," Cooper muttered, rapidly flipping the switch. As if the lights would miraculously work on the sixteenth or seventeenth try. When they didn't, he sighed. "Of course. Of course he took us to some scary, big ass, dark ass mansion."

course "At least it's not a cabin in the woods."

Cooper shot him a look over his shoulder.

Vincent raised his hands—also bound at the wrists. "Hey. Silver lining. I'm just trying to speak positivity out into the world."

Silver lining. As if this nightmare had a silver lining.

"You don't happen to have your phone on you by chance, do you?" Vincent asked, hopeful. He meandered over to the window and glanced down. "Fuck's sake. It drops straight down...no way in hell are we getting out through there."

"If I had a phone on me, I would be using it," Cooper griped, panic beginning to set in. Desperate now, he scanned the walls, looking for something, anything , he could use. His options were limited: a painting over the bed and, by the door, a set of circular mirrors. "Pretty sure dickface destroyed it."

anything Pretty sure. No, he was absolutely sure. He'd watched Cory hang up on Calla and then proceed to smash his phone into tiny pieces, all while shoving the point of a knife deeper into his hand.

Pretty sure. absolutely "Right. So. No phones."

"No phones," Cooper murmured, walking over to the mirrors. The smallest was the size of his hand; the largest, the width of Vincent's chest.



"Coop?"

Vincent hesitated. When he spoke, his voice was barely above a whisper. "Do you think...do you think he's hurting her?"

The question caught Cooper off guard. He glanced at Vincent in the mirror, his brow furrowed. "Who?"

"Calla."

The idea of anyone hurting Calla Parker was so absurd that Cooper nearly laughed—nearly. Knowing how well that would go over, he kept his mouth shut.

that He opened his mouth to tell Vincent that he had nothing to worry about. Calla would be fine. More than fine. She was probably safe and sound in her room right now, scrolling through social media with her usual cold indifference.

More But he couldn't say that. Not without saying a whole hell of a lot more.

She's certainly not coming here to save me, he thought, reaching up to test the weight of the largest mirror. It lifted from the wall easily. Ten, maybe fifteen pounds. If only she knew Vincent was here...she'd already be busting down the door, Cory's severed head in hand.

She's certainly not coming here to save me, If only she knew Vincent was here...she'd already be busting down the door, Cory's severed head in hand. But still. Something about Vincent's question gave him pause. He chewed on his bottom lip, contemplative.

Do you think he's hurting her?

Do you think he's hurting her? Cory wanted her here. Desperately. That, Cooper believed wholeheartedly. The question was why.

why. "I don't think he has her," Cooper finally murmured, the gears in his head spinning as he stared at his reflection. He wasn't sure if it was the darkness of the room in general, or if the circles under his eyes were really that pronounced.

Vincent's silence spoke volumes.

"Wait." Cooper turned around, the mirror forgotten. "Hold on. Pause. Speaking of who is and isn't here...how did you get here, dude?"

you "I was just about to ask you the same thing," he muttered. "Cory...he came by my place. Told me Calla was in trouble. That Gareth had her, or was trying to hurt her, or something. I can't believe I fell for that guy," he groaned. "I'm such an idiot. I willingly got into his car."

fell Cooper had to appreciate Cory's ingenuity. Dangling Calla in front of Vincent like that—while simultaneously taking advantage of his falling out with Gareth—was cruel. And brilliant.

"But how did he knock you out? And drag your heavy ass all the way upstairs?" Cooper asked, frowning. He couldn't picture it.

Vincent leaned back against the window, larger than the frame. He sniffed. "He hit me over the head."

"With what? A bag of bricks?"

what? "I don't know. " He gingerly touched the back of his head, wincing. "But it hurts...damn it. I wasn't even thinking about it until now."

know. "Yeah. Well." Cooper held up his hands, flashing the jagged six Cory had carved into his skin. "You better hope he doesn't give you one of these. The guy ambushed me outside my apartment. Next thing I know I'm in Tracy's house, and he's got this knife —"

these. knife "Jesus, Coop." Vincent stormed over and grabbed Cooper's hand, despite his protests.

"Hey! Be gentle."

"Hush."

" Hush ? Fu—"

Hush "Why did he do it, though?" Vincent asked, cutting off Cooper's tirade before he could even begin.

Cooper shrugged, exasperated. "Why did he kill three people? How many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop? The world may never know."



Vincent's grip on Cooper's hand tightened.

"Ow, ow! Okay! I was choked into unconsciousness, alright? My memory's a little fuzzy. We got to the house and Calla called him and he wanted to get her attention so he—"

"She called? What did she say?"

"He didn't put her on speaker. I don't know! I was too busy being carved up like a Jack-O-Lantern," he seethed, ripping his hand free of Vincent's grasp.

Vincent swore and began to pace, storming from one end of the room to the other.

Ignoring him, Cooper went back to analyzing the largest mirror. He pulled against the zip tie around his wrists absently, trying to relieve the pressure—and as he did so, an idea began to form.

In the background, he caught snippets of indistinct muttering: "...Calla...probably destroyed any evidence...doesn't make sense ...Tracy...Jacob...Rachel...Jess..."

sense Cooper froze as Vincent rattled off the names of the dead. An alarm went off in his head.

Why did he kill three people?

Why did he kill three people? Three. Cooper had said three people . Not four.

three . The sound of Vincent's impatient footsteps disappeared. "Coop. You said three —"

three Panicking, Cooper grabbed the largest mirror, held it over his head, and promptly shattered it on the wooden floor. They both cringed at the sound. Shards of broken glass scattered across the floor; one ricocheted and sliced Cooper's cheek. He flinched.

"What the hell ?" Vincent hissed. But he didn't dare move, his eyes scanning the glittering landmine below.

hell "Hurry!" Trying to roll with his spontaneous distraction, Cooper knelt and carefully picked through the razor sharp shards, trying to find a piece long enough to use. "We need to get out of here, and we're not going anywhere with our hands tied."

Cooper's dramatic measure paid off. Vincent dove headfirst into the search, his eyes scanning the ground for something viable. Cooper did the same, trying to bite down on the surge of guilt that threatened to overwhelm him.

He's not going to forget what you said, a little voice whispered inside his head.

He's not going to forget what you said, I'll chalk it up to delirium, Cooper reasoned with himself. But his gut still twisted, uneasy.

I'll chalk it up to delirium, "Here!" Vincent had crawled under the bed, and now carefully extracted himself, wielding a dagger-like shard the length of his hand.

We have to hurry.

We have to hurry. They could both feel it. Their time was running short. Shattering the mirror, while necessary—both to distract his friend from the truth, and to give them a means to defend themselves—had also definitely drawn attention. In a house this quiet, this empty, Cory would have easily been able to hear it.

Down the hall, a floorboard groaned.

The boys froze. They locked eyes, both wearing equally alarmed expressions. Heart hammering, Cooper lunged for the nearest piece of glass and gripped it in his already injured hand.

"What do we do?" Vincent whispered, panicked.

No time to cut themselves free. "Get behind the door!" Cooper ordered as quietly as possible, trying to sound confident. But the makeshift dagger he held shook, betraying him.

Vincent sidestepped fallen glass with the grace of an athlete. Positioned in the corner behind the door, he held up his glass shard, chest heaving. His eyes darted to Cooper—and widened. Cooper remained standing in the center of the room. An easy target.

The sound of shuffling just outside the door propelled his heart into his throat. He tried to swallow down his fear, tried to still his shaking hands.

The doorknob twisted.

Cooper gave Vincent a little half-smile. He mouthed the word run.

run. The door swung open, revealing darkness and a lithe, lean figure. Cooper lunged and swiped the jagged piece of glass through the air. It sparkled as it caught the light.

Something hard slammed into his midsection, and he hit the floor. Hard. Pinpricks of pain dazzled the back of his skull, no doubt where miniscule pieces of glass had just buried themselves into his scalp.

Hard. "You moron. Are you trying to kill me? Seriously?"

moron. That voice.

Cooper blinked up at the shadowy figure on top of him. His eyes immediately went to the tendrils of red hair. Muted in the darkness, but familiar.

He would know that hair anywhere. In darkness, or in the middle of a hurricane—it didn't matter.

"Calla," he croaked.





36: Into the Dark


She's not real.

She's not real. Calla focused on the road. Her hands were tense on the wheel, knuckles white with strain. She took the next bend too quickly and cursed, slamming on the brakes.

"Don't you know how to drive?"

Not real. Not real. Not—

Not real. Not real. Not— "How many times are you going to tell yourself that?" Tracy mused from the backseat. Calla felt something cold brush her neck and she cranked up the heat, gritting her teeth.

It's just a draft.

It's just a draft. "And now you're ignoring me." The girl—the ghost?—snorted. "Rude. You did kill me. The least you could do is acknowledge it."

kill Calla squinted at the road. Pale yellow light filtered through the towering pines, but it wasn't enough to see by. Not by a long shot. Twilight had settled over Greenwitch, sinking the town into darkness.

She fiddled with one of the levers, muttering to herself. Headlights. Where the hell were the headlights?

"Um, hello? Pay attention to the road."

Calla glanced up. Distracted as she was, she hadn't even realized the Mustang had drifted into the left lane. She jerked the wheel to the right, cursing.

"Great. Just what I needed. To die twice. " Tracy's petulant whine suddenly turned sinister. "Maybe this time, I'll drag you down with me."

twice. Calla's focus drifted to the rearview mirror. A pair of bright blue eyes glared back at her.

She sucked in a surprised breath.

"What?" Two pale hands gripped the leather seats as Tracy pushed herself forward. Her face was inches from Calla's when she murmured, "Did you think I was a hallucination?"

"You're not real," Calla snapped. She pressed on the accelerator and the Mustang lurched forward.

Forty.

Forty. She took the next bend in the road without hitting the brakes. An empty water bottle rolled across the backseat.

"Shit. Shit. Shit ," Calla hissed, jerking the wheel to avoid hitting a fallen branch. The tires screeched. "I should have just let him die."

Shit But here I am, she thought, the speedometer climbing rapidly. Am I really going to die for this kid?

But here I am, Am I really going to die for this kid? A gravel driveway appeared ahead. She could brake. Turn the car around. Pretend she'd never left that parking lot. But she didn't stop. She flew past the driveway and pursed her lips, holding back a frustrated scream.

Tracy sat back, her eyes still boring a hole into the rearview mirror. "Look at me."

Calla glanced down at the speedometer.

Forty-five.

Forty-five. The road straightened, and she immediately recognized Pleasant Grove—one of Greenwitch's few gated communities. She whizzed by, craning her neck to examine the guardhouse positioned outside the gate.

It was empty. Any hope that the guard on duty might notice her reckless driving evaporated.

"Look at me," Tracy hissed. Cold air bit at Calla's neck.

"No," she whispered. Her head throbbed.

Fifty. The engine began to whine.

Fifty. " Look at me. "

Look at me. Calla let out a wild scream. She reached up and grabbed the rearview mirror. With an audible snap , she ripped it from the hinge and threw it into the passenger seat, her chest heaving.

snap

"Look at this, bitch!" she shouted, pushing the Mustang to fifty-five. Sixty. "Kiss my ass! I'll dig up your bones and light them on fire just to watch you burn ."

this, burn Silence from the backseat. Calla panted, her hands trembling on the wheel.

Don't fall apart now. This time, the voice did not belong to Tracy. It was weaker somehow. As if it had been shoved into a dark hole and left to rot. You promised.

Don't fall apart now. You promised. Calla brought the car to a screeching halt. She whirled around, her eyes scanning the empty backseat—empty, because no one could possibly be there.

You promised, Rachel murmured again, her words filling the car with warmth. Or maybe that was just the heater laboring to keep up with the frigid wind outside. Catch the bastard, remember?

You promised, Catch the bastard, remember? A pair of headlights shone through the windshield. Dim, but growing stronger. Calla hit the accelerator. She didn't have to go far. Even in the darkness, she knew where she was.

I must have been driving faster than I thought.

I must have been driving faster than I thought. At the next left, she pulled off into another gravel drive. Enormous magnolia trees lined the way, casting shadows over the black wrought iron gate ahead. The gravel ended there, turning instead to smooth pavement.

Calla pulled the Mustang over into the grass and ripped the keys out of the ignition. On a whim, she left them in the driver's seat. She hoped that a passerby might notice Cooper's car; the thing was hardly discreet.

"Better get moving, Calla," a sweet voice said from over her shoulder. "You don't wanna be late to the party. You're the guest of honor."

Calla closed her eyes, one hand braced against the car.

She's not real. She's dead. And so is Rachel.

She's not real. She's dead. And so is Rachel. The thought wasn't reassuring.

"You're not real," she repeated aloud, pushing away from the car. She kept her eyes focused on the path ahead, her hands shoved in the pockets of her jeans. "You're a figment of my imagination. I'm having some sort of mental break."

"I'm as real as you are," Tracy murmured, before going silent once more.

She didn't speak again for some time, for which Calla was thankful. Her injured hand throbbed. Her lungs burned. But her head—which had been aching since her flashback in the parking lot—felt clear.

Tracy is gone. They both are, she thought, her eyes locked on the house looming in the distance. She could just make out the rooftop through the thick magnolia leaves. I'm trapped in some hellish nightmare I can't even remember.

Tracy is gone. They both are, I'm trapped in some hellish nightmare I can't even remember. The sky was black by the time she reached the house. Her skin crawled as she slunk from tree to tree, making the most of what cover was available. She hesitated outside of the garage, testing the side door. It didn't budge.

Her eyes darted to the front door. She knew the odds of sneaking into the house were...well, not in her favor. There were no shortcuts here. No cheat codes. Calla had, quite literally, reached the end of the road.

She dug her nails into her injured palm. The pain gave her a jolt of energy and she stood, ignoring the urge to duck, to cover, to run. She had not come this far to run. So instead, she strode over to the front door and knocked.

run. As expected, no one answered. Calla tried the handle and the door slid open on silent hinges, swinging wide. She stared inside the dark house.

It felt a lot like the mouth of some long-forgotten tomb.



Fitting.

Fitting. Calla stepped inside and closed the door behind her for good measure. She turned, half expecting to find Cory standing behind her, a cartoonish grin on his face. But the foyer was empty. And so was the living room beyond.

She walked into the kitchen. A familiar rack of knives sat at the center of the island. An offering. She glanced at the spot where they used to be, over by the stove.

Alright. I'll play.

Alright. I'll play. Calla grabbed a knife and slipped it into the waistband of her jeans. The cold steel pressed against the back, the tip digging into her skin. She savored the pain.

She turned toward the master staircase—and froze. Standing at the base of the stairs was a thin figure in a bubblegum pink ballerina costume. Long black hair tumbled down her back. One dainty hand gripped the mahogany bannister.

Tracy turned. She smiled back at Calla. Bruises had begun to form at her throat. "Should we go upstairs?"

Calla glanced up at the third floor balcony. She could barely make out the ceiling through the darkness. There was a good chance she would find Cory up there... somewhere . The house was huge. How many times had she played hide-and-go seek here, only to find herself wandering for untold stretches of time?

somewhere When she looked back, Tracy was gone. Somewhere upstairs, she heard delirious laughter.

Not. Real.

Not. Real. Calla gripped the bannister. Her hand ached.

Not. Real.

Not. Real. She took the stairs two at a time. One foot in front of the other.

Not. Real.

Not. Real. Again, that laugh. Calla clenched her teeth, the muscles in her jaw fluttering.

Notrealnotrealnotrealnotreal —

Notrealnotrealnotrealnotreal Her feet hit the third floor landing. Almost an instant later, the sound of shattering glass made her pause.

"Real?" Tracy's voice taunted her. "Or not real?"

"I hate you," Calla whispered. And then again, louder. "I hate you."

hate She hated a great many things, truth be told. She hated the sweeping grandeur of the house, and the obnoxiously pristine landscaping, and the smell of jasmine that constantly permeated the air. She hated cats. And dogs, too.

But more than anything, she hated Tracy fucking Smith.

"Fuck you," she added for good measure. And then she strode down the hall, her hand drifting to the knife at her back. She paused midway down the hall. A heavy armchair had been shoved in front of one of the doors. A barricade.

She stepped closer. Behind that door, she could hear the indistinct sound of someone's voice.

Well. Here goes.

Well. Here goes. Calla shoved the chair aside, surprised at its weight. She heard scrambling from inside and...was that more glass?

She opened the door. A small figure she knew all too well stood in front of her, a shard of what looked like glass held between his hands. She opened her mouth to say his name when he slashed at her with the glass dagger.

Surprised and more than a little annoyed at the turn of events, she tackled him by the midsection. He groaned when he hit the floor, and the sound was so familiar—and so expected—she almost laughed.

She didn't. Instead, she glared down at the boy beneath her.

Cooper Daniels blinked back up at her.



* * * * *

"I'm sorry," Cooper blurted for the fifth time in half as many minutes.

"Cooper?" Calla asked, perched on the edge of the bed.

"Huh?"

"Shut the fuck up."

"Right. Got it."

She sighed, dropping her head into her hands.

Cooper sat to her right, fiddling with his makeshift weapon. His hands were bound and bloody. A thin cut no longer than her thumb ran across his left cheek. And his eyes...she wasn't sure if there was medication strong enough to help the shadows under them now.

I'm here to make good on our deal, she wanted to tell him. I'm here to save your life, Cooper Daniels.

I'm here to make good on our deal, I'm here to save your life, Cooper Daniels. But she couldn't. And not just because she didn't know how to tell him. The words didn't feel right here, in this room. Surrounded by darkness and the smell of sweat and blood.

how So there was that. And then there was the matter of Vincent Townson.

"So you just..." Vincent stared at her profile, struggling for words as he puzzled out how she'd gotten here. " Strolled through the front door?"

Strolled She turned to look at him. She'd nearly jumped out of her skin when he yanked her off of Cooper, only to embrace her with enough force to drive the air from her lungs. His hands had roved over her hair, her face, her arms. Searching for signs of injury. Finding none—none except what she'd managed to inflict upon herself in the last half hour.

"Why are you here?" he'd asked her, over and over. Fearing the worst: that she'd been held hostage up until this point, and was only here now as bait.

The truth of the matter was much more complicated than that. She wasn't quite sure how to put into words why she'd come here. Not even to herself. It went deeper than a promise. Calla could break a hundred promises and never bat an eye.

She could live in a world without Cooper Daniels.

But it boiled down to one simple fact: she did not want to live in that world. Because she knew what that world looked like. False laughter. Buried pretenses.

want No. Calla would not live in that world. To walk through life as she was, with not a single soul to notice...it would drive her mad. If she hadn't gone mad already. Her eyes roved to the corner by the window, but Tracy was nowhere to be found.

Is that why I'm seeing her? she wondered, her eyes darting back to Vincent's concerned face. Because I want someone to see who I really am?

Is that why I'm seeing her? Because I want someone to see who I really am? Perhaps that's what it all boiled down to. Intimacy. The kind she couldn't get from Vincent. The kind that came from another person glimpsing into the heart of who you were. Cooper had seen who she really was the day he found that cat. And he'd carried that part of her around with him ever since.

Intimacy. "I know it's a trap," she muttered, absorbing the details of his face. Even through the darkness, she could make out the line of his jaw. The curve of his lips. "I just don't know where he is ."

is They both froze at the mention of he. Calla glanced over her shoulder at Cooper, who winced as he picked at his mutilated hand. Her eyes narrowed at the crude six that Cory had carved there.

he. Cooper noticed. He held up his hands and gave her a flat smile.

"Why?" she asked bluntly. Before he could answer, she grabbed his hands. She turned them over and analyzed his palms. The cuts there were deep—deeper than her own.



"I don't know," he answered weakly. "To get your attention, I guess."

They stared at one another. Vincent couldn't see her face, not from this angle. But he could see Cooper.

"What?" he asked, alarmed. "What is it?"

Instead of answering, Calla deflected by asking another question. "I wonder why he wanted me here so badly?"

Her finger traced the edges of Cooper's wound, following the jagged line. He winced at her touch, his eyes nervously darting from her face to his hand.

"Maybe you're number seven?" Vincent hedged.

"It would explain why he let me get this far," she mused, her fingers gliding closer and closer to Cooper's open wound. "There's no way he didn't notice me moving around the house. I came in through the front door. What good serial killer leaves the front door unlocked?"

Vincent shifted, unsettled by her line of questioning. Cooper just stared at her, his eyes wide with warning, as if to say hello, have you forgotten Vincent is sitting right next to you?

hello, have you forgotten Vincent is sitting right next to you? Her vision pulsed. From the other corner of the room, Tracy giggled.

"I was wondering where you'd gone," Calla muttered. Tracy's laughter dug into her skull, worsening the headache forming between her eyes.

"Calla!" Cooper snapped her name to disguise a yelp. She'd pressed her finger into the gash on his hand. She watched as he swallowed a moan. "Do you know why he wants you here?"

you The question was meant to distract her. She released his hands and he pulled back, his forehead gleaming with sweat. She stared at him, startled. And then she looked down at her hands. Blood coated her fingertips.

She quickly wiped them on her jeans, just as Vincent leaned over. His voice was laced with concern when he asked, "Dude, how's that hand holding up?"

"Fine," Cooper answered, a little too quickly. He tried to catch her eye but she ignored him, her eyes fixated on the stain now smearing her jeans. "Calla? Any theories?"

She blinked—both to clear her head and to work through the pain currently drilling into her skull. Tracy hovered at the edge of her vision. Blood had begun seeping into the front of her costume.

"Any theories?" Tracy cooed, mocking Cooper.

"Actually," Calla whispered into the darkness. "I do have a theory."

Vincent placed his bound hands against her knee, his fingers nearly brushing the blood she'd wiped there. Close. Very close. "What? What is it?"

It's just like Cooper said, she thought, staring at the ground between her feet. The headache was getting worse. Much worse.

It's just like Cooper said, "He wants to get my attention," she whispered, her voice pitched low.

Vincent's grip tightened on her kneecap.

"Who the hell cares?" Cooper interjected, steering the conversation back into safer waters. His voice was strained. "We need to get out of here."

"Out?" Tracy's high-pitched laughter sucked the air from the room. "Oh. They still think they're getting out of here?"

Calla's nostrils flared. And then she winced as pain lanced through the spot between her eyes, blinding her momentarily.

"Calla?" Vincent grabbed her by the shoulder, holding her upright. She felt his lips by her ear. "Hey. Are you alright?"

She sucked in a deep breath and forced herself to stand. Dark spots danced across her vision, absorbing what little light was left in the room. "I'm fine."



She turned to find the boys staring at her. She saw fear in the lines of their faces. In the gleam of their eyes.

"They should be afraid," Tracy purred. "You're the most dangerous thing in this house, Calla Parker."

"Calla."

Vincent shot Cooper a warning look, which the other boy ignored. Instead he clenched the glass between his hands, drawing more blood. His eyes pinned her to the spot, wide and beseeching.

In them, she saw his answer—an answer to a question she hadn't even known to ask.

Go.

Go. And then he said the words aloud: "Go. Now ."

Now "Kill them," Tracy whispered, her voice low and dark and not at all familiar. "Kill them now."

"What?" Vincent's eyes bounced from Cooper to Calla, bewildered. He stepped between them and turned to her. "Wait. Cut us free. Calla—"

But she was already gone.

She slammed the door behind her and shoved the armchair back into place, just as someone—Vincent, no doubt—threw his weight against the door. Once. Twice.

Again and again. His voice reverberated through the door. "Calla! Calla!"

She fell back into the chair, wincing with each blow.

"Are you afraid, Calla Parker?" Tracy whispered. Calla glanced from one end of the hall to the other, but there was no one. No ballerina costume. No gleaming black hair.

Something cold brushed her ear. "Are you afraid of what you'll do to them in the dark?"

Calla jerked to her feet, swearing. "I'll—"

"Took you long enough," a familiar voice drawled, shattering the illusion in her head. "I was starting to think you'd never come out."

Calla whirled around. A dark figure stood at the end of the hall, perched at the top of the stairs. One long, pale hand gripped the bannister. But the face was cast in shadow, giving her only a vague impression of who stood before her.

She gripped the back of the chair. Her next question came out cool. Steady. "How long have you been watching me?"

"Since you came up the driveway." Amusement coated his words. "I thought the knock was a nice touch, by the way."

"I aim to please."

He laughed. "I wondered, you know. How much of it was put on. How much was for show. I'm glad you haven't lost that sense of humor."

Vincent's desperate attempts to break through the door had stopped. Silence filled the hall. Her ears rang.

"So." Calla took several steps forward. Now that she was out of that room, her head felt clear. At least for the moment. "You figured it out."

She didn't bother lying. There would be no dancing around the truth. Not here. Not in this house. Her eyes drifted to the spot on the floor between them. She tried to envision where Tracy had died and could not.

Cory edged forward, his face still wreathed in shadows. His hands trailed along the bannister. "I've known for a while."

Calla contemplated his answer. "How long?"

"Tracy."

She gritted her teeth. The name sent a bolt of pain between her eyes.

Cold air drifted at her back. She ignored it. "What about her?"

Cory paused. They were less than ten feet apart now. It would be easy to close that distance. Easy to wrap her hands around his throat.

Easy for him to do the same.



"I thought we were being honest with each other," he murmured. A hint of frustration leaked colored his easy demeanor. "Why can't you be honest with me? Haven't I done enough? Don't I deserve that much?"

honest A dagger of pain pierced through her skull, blinding her. She clutched her head, fighting back tears.

"Cory—" she rasped.

" What else do I have to do ?" he shouted, his voice echoing throughout the empty house.

What else do I have to do Calla's vision went dark. She hit the floor. Or at least, she thought she did.

But when she opened her eyes, she wasn't on the floor. Strobe lights flashed, illuminating the hall at random intervals before plunging the world back into darkness.

She whirled around, looking for Cory. But he was nowhere to be found. Her fingers flexed around something cold and hard. The knife felt familiar. It felt good.

good. But when the hell had she picked up a knife?

A delighted giggle cut through the air and she turned, her eyes zeroing in on the petite figure in the ballerina costume. Tracy hung her head over the bannister, one pink slipper swinging between the rails.

I hate you.

I hate you. Calla started down the hall.

"Ra-aa-ch-el," Tracy called, oblivious. Her eyes were heavy. She swayed back and forth against the bannister, unable to hold herself upright. The smell of vodka pricked Calla's nose.

Tracy's hands slipped, and she pitched forward.

Calla snagged the back of her costume and pulled her back over the bannister. Tracy stumbled backwards and the two fell, tumbling to the floor in a heap.

"Ow." Tracy turned. Her face was mere inches from Calla's. She grinned. "Cal-Pal!"

The smell of alcohol washed over her. She stiffened as Tracy's arms tightened around her in an enthusiastic hug. She put a hand between them, trying to push the other girl off. Her palm pressed against Tracy's collarbone.

Warm.

Warm. Calla's hand slipped higher. Her fingers wrapped around the edges of Tracy's throat. Testing the skin there.

Soft.

Soft. "Ow," Tracy said again, uncertain now. She wriggled, trying to push away. Her arms shook from the effort.

Calla drove her thumb deeper into the hollow at Tracy's throat. The other girl tensed.

"Ouch!" she whined. Louder. Sharper.

Calla squeezed her other hand—tightening her grip around the knife.

"I hate you," she whispered. And then she squeezed.

IhateyouIhateyouIhateyou —

IhateyouIhateyouIhateyou "Calla!"

She panted into the darkness. Sweat had gathered at the small of her back. She tried to sit up, but strong hands held her down, pinning her to the ground.

Cory leaned over her. This close, she could finally make out his features. The gleam of his blue eyes, half-obscured by blonde hair. The slight bump in his nose. The sharp planes of his cheekbones.

He ran a thumb over her bottom lip. "What happened? What's wrong?"

His touch was gentle, his eyes tender. Concerned.

Haven't I done enough? he'd asked her. Distraught. What else do I have to do?

Haven't I done enough? What else do I have to do? She swallowed. Her mouth felt incredibly dry. Collapsing twice in one day couldn't be good for her health. "Cory."

Her voice came out as a croak. He leaned in, bringing himself closer to her. Had he tilted his head, their noses could have brushed.

His warm breath washed over her—fresh mint. Why couldn't the guy smell like a dumpster?

She closed her eyes. If she looked at him for much longer, she would break. And she was in no condition to do that. "How do you know I killed her?"

She didn't bother going into the specifics. He would understand.

He did. "I watched."

Her hands twitched. She imagined what it had been like to drive her fingers into Tracy's skin. So soft . So fragile. And how it had felt to cut—

soft "Where?" she whispered.

Cory hesitated, and Calla laughed. It came out as more of a bark.

"You were in that room, weren't you?" She hesitantly reached out, and her fingertips made contact with the hard coil of his abdomen. "Where you put Cooper. And Vincent."

She said his name easily, as if he were no more to her than a mouse might be to a cat. She couldn't. Not if she wanted Vincent to live.

He has to live.

He has to live. "It had a good view," Cory offered weakly, half-teasing. "I couldn't believe it. When you..."

He trailed off as she flattened her palms against his chest. His heart hammered beneath her fingers. She opened her eyes to find him staring down at her, a hungry look in his eyes.

"You killed them for me," she whispered. It wasn't a question. The knife she'd stolen dug into the small of her back, digging into her skin. The pain drove away the remnants of her headache, bringing her clarity.

"I thought you knew," he admitted. His lips were dangerously close. "I thought you saw me somehow, watching from the doorway. But then, when I finally got the chance to talk to you at school...you confused me. Do you remember? You acted like you didn't know what had happened. Like...like it was a game , or something."

game A game you wanted to play.

A game you wanted to play. Calla barely remembered that day. And yet something about it pricked her memory—but for an entirely different reason. It had been the day she and Vincent had their first real conversation. The day she'd saved Cooper in the parking lot.

"It was my idea to leave a page from one of those books, you know," he whispered, his lips brushing hers. "I thought you might like the added touch. I figured we could...play together. I just wanted to make you happy. I still do."

He'd stolen the book. He'd thought the gesture would be playful, a fun new element to an already thrilling chess match . Calla couldn't quite mask her bewilderment.

playful, . The gentle brush of his lips against hers became more insistent. She forced herself to relax into his kiss, trying to ignore the wild fantasies running through her head. She imagined tearing his lips off with her teeth. Shattering his nose with a hammer. Drilling a hole into his head—

Okay, Jeffrey Dahmer. Focus. Get it together.

Okay, Jeffrey Dahmer. Focus. Get it together. Cory kept the kiss brief, but the grin on his face when he pulled away stretched a mile. Calla ran her hands up and down his chest, her fingertips brushing his collarbone. So soft. So warm.

So soft. So warm. "Did it work?" he whispered.

"Hmm?" Calla blinked up at him, her mind elsewhere.

"Did I make you happy?" he murmured, leaning his forehead against hers. His eyes shone. "It was all for you. These people, Calla...they're toxic. Jake, threatening you the way he did. And Jess...I thought you might like her gone. They don't deserve to live in a world with you in it." He paused. "So I took them out of it. For you. For us."

threatening you. For us.

For us. Calla wrapped her hands around the back of Cory's neck, pretending to lean into his touch. Her thumbs brushed the soft spot at the hollow in his throat.

"It was all for me?" she asked, her voice barely a whisper.

Cory sighed, content. "All of it."

She looked into his eyes. Her fingers twitched. "Including Rachel?"

He went still. She saw the moment that recognition—recognition and fear —lit his eyes. He inhaled sharply.

fear And the beast lunged.





37: We All Fall Down


Cooper had never seen anything quite like it. Quite like her.

her. He imagined if you took the base of who someone was—if you whittled down deep, past the empathy, and the love, and the weight of regret—you would get something a hell of a lot like Calla Parker. Raw. Untethered.

A force of nature.

From only a few paces down the hall, Cooper watched as she crushed Cory's windpipe between her fingers.

Kill him. Please, just kill him and be done with it.

Kill him. Please, just kill him and be done with it. "What's happening?" Vincent asked from the other side of the door. A gurgling scream pierced the air, and he heard an intake of breath. " Cooper, what the hell is —"

Cooper, what the hell is "Shut up!" Cooper hissed, wriggling his left foot free. Vincent had managed to pry the door open enough that the two thought he might be able to squeeze his way out. Emphasis on squeeze.

squeeze. A little more, he thought, desperate. He braced his hands against the edge of the door and hissed. The piece of glass he'd used to try and break through the zip tie binding his wrists had done a number of him.

A little more, All that work. All that pain—and for not a damn thing. The stubborn plastic had refused to give when he and Vincent attempted to free themselves, leaving both boys with gouges on their palms deep enough to scar.

Girls like scars, right? Vincent had joked half-heartedly, his face white as a sheet as he stared down at his bound—and now bloody—hands.

Girls like scars, right? Cooper hadn't had the heart to laugh. And he certainly wasn't laughing now, stuck as he was between a metaphorical rock and a hard place.

Definitely a hard place, he thought, his head swimming as he gave another heave, popping his left leg free. How much blood had he lost, anyway? His stomach lurched as he glanced at his mangled hands spread along the edge of the door.

Definitely a hard place, Don't look. Just don't lo —

Don't look. Just don't lo He flinched as a loud crack filled the air. His eyes flashed down the hall, analyzing the dark shapes tangled on the floor. He prayed that Cory hadn't noticed him.

crack He hadn't. His entire focus was on the girl beneath him—the girl who was suddenly lying very, very still.

"Calla!" Cooper croaked. His ribs screamed in protest as he redoubled his efforts to break free. One door down, Cory pushed himself to his feet, his hands clutching his throat.

"What? What's wrong? Calla !" Vincent shouted, his voice breaking. He couldn't see her, not by a long shot. But he could hear the panic in Cooper's voice, and apparently, that was enough. "Where is she? What's happening?"

Calla Cooper stared at the slim figure lying on the floor. His mouth went dry.

"Coop?" Vincent rasped, his fingers grasping at the parts of Cooper still stuck on the other side of the door. "Calla...what...where—"

Cooper didn't have the heart to tell him the truth. "She's fine," he muttered instead, pulling his left shoulder free of the door. "She's fine. She's fine, okay?"

fine. Say it one more time, Coop. Maybe then you'll believe it.

Say it one more time, Coop. Maybe then you'll believe it. "You're fine," he whispered, his voice cracking on the last syllable. His throat tightened and he glared over at the spot where she'd collapsed. "You have to be fine. You owe me, you bitch. You promised. "

promised. Cory slumped against the nearby wall, his head bowed. He hadn't turned in Cooper's direction. Whatever Calla had done to him—because Cooper was confident that the scream from before had been his —had left him disoriented.

his

Disoriented and hopefully on the brink of death. Bastard.

Disoriented and hopefully on the brink of death. Bastard. Cooper gasped as, with one last tug, his hips slid free, followed quickly by the rest. The momentum carried him forward, to freedom, to—

To pain.

Cooper felt the blood drain from his face as his ankle caught in the door. An instant later, he felt a horrible pop in his heel. The kind of pop a body part was definitely not supposed to make.

pop not Shut up, Cooper. Shut up shut up shut up.

Shut up, Cooper. Shut up shut up shut up. A mangled groan crawled up his throat, defying his orders. He bit down on his lower lip until he tasted blood.

Tears blurred his vision. He squeezed his eyes shut, forcing himself to take a deep breath. To calm. The hell. Down.

Down. Haven't you learned anything from the movies, Coop? Never take your eyes off of the monster in the dark.

Haven't you learned anything from the movies, Coop? Never take your eyes off of the monster in the dark. His eyes snapped open — just in time to notice the black pistol hovering inches away from the spot between his eyes.

— " You ," Cory hissed, a blood-soaked finger tightening around the trigger. His left hand still clutched at his throat, coated with a layer of something dark and slippery—

You Cooper's stomach did a somersault.

" You are the problem!" Cory screamed, though it came out as a sort of gurgle. He coughed, and flecks of the same dark liquid spilling from throat splattered across his lips.

You She tore it open, Cooper realized, struck with horrified awe. She tore his throat...open.

She tore it open, She tore his throat...open. Vincent shouted something indiscernible, straining against the door. The wood groaned as he pushed his weight into it, his efforts far more significant than Cooper's had been.

Cory smiled, his teeth coated with a film of blood. He pressed the gun against Cooper's forehead. His nostrils flared. "Keep talking, Townson. I'll blow his brains across your face."

The tension against the door eased. Cooper felt the door close back on his ankle and he whimpered.

"I bet you'd like that, wouldn't you?" Cory murmured. A strange rattling came from his throat with every intake of breath. "If I made this quick. Hmm? Answer me, Daniels."

He gave another raspy cough. Cooper shrank back as blood spattered across his left cheek.

"Do whatever you want," he hissed, unable to hide his disgust. "Just don't cough on me again."

"What? It's just a scratch," Cory croaked, gaining control of himself. He smiled grimly and dropped the other hand from his throat, revealing the extent of the damage beneath.

Just a scratch.

Just a scratch. Cory swallowed, and the exposed lining of his throat—soft and pink and slick with his own blood—writhed. Flaps of skin hung loose, the torn flesh ripped nearly down to the bone. Calla hadn't just tried to break his neck, as Cooper had first thought. He could see where she'd dug her thumbs into the soft spot above his collarbone, and then yanked —

yanked His stomach did another flip.

She didn't just want to kill him, Cooper realized, unable to look away from the grisly sight. She wanted him to suffer.

She didn't just want to kill him, She wanted him to suffer. Cory's eyes narrowed. He could see the wheels turning in Cooper's head, see the revulsion painted in every line of his face. "She's...she's just confused . She doesn't understand."

confused Vincent pressed against the other side of the door, straining to see out into the hall. Cooper's heart sprang back into his throat. If Vincent saw Cory, if he saw what she'd done ...

done

He gritted his teeth and jerked his ankle through the door. The pain momentarily blinded him, but he managed to fall back into the door, gasping. Effectively shutting his best friend safely inside.

Cory reached over the back of the armchair and grabbed him by the front of the shirt, pinning him to the door. He gritted his red teeth and pressed the gun into his face. "Don't. Move ."

Move "Coop!" Vincent shouted, pounding his fists against the door.

Cooper swallowed his fear and the acid bite of bile. He pursed his lips, refusing to close his eyes. If Cory pulled that trigger, he didn't want to die in the dark. "Calla's not the one who's confused."

"You don't know her," Cory rasped, the flesh at his throat bobbing. The gun trembled in his grip.

"And you do?" Cooper snapped. He knew that his odds of survival weren't great. Baiting a serial killer wouldn't exactly help those odds—but pleading wouldn't save him, either. "If you really know what she is, then why were you stupid enough to kill her best friend?"

" Cooper !" Vincent shouted again. Something heavier than a fist hit the door, rattling Cooper's teeth.

Cooper Cory barely seemed to notice. His face twisted into something very like desperation, his eyes wide and wild. "I know exactly what she is. She's perfection. And this?" He waved the gun in the air, encompassing the entire house—and the entire damnable town of Greenwitch with it. "She's too good for this . Everyone in this town is worthless. Calla knows that. So she did something about it."

exactly this Cooper swallowed, but his mouth was too dry. His tongue stuck to the roof of his mouth. "You don't—" he started, breathless.

"Don't what? Don't know about Tracy?" A demented light filled Cory's eyes. "Oh, I know. I saw. You should have seen her. She was...she was..."

saw. A force of nature.

A force of nature. Cooper slumped against the door, suddenly exhausted. He'd known. He'd always known. Under that oak tree, staring at those tufts of bloody fur—he'd known.

known. You knew about Tracy Smith, too. And you. Did. Nothing.

You knew about Tracy Smith, too. And you. Did. Nothing. "She was happy," Cory finished, breathless with awe. "For the first time. Watching that girl die, it filled something empty inside of her. You could see it. She was..."

Free. Cooper could see it perfectly. She was free.

Free. She was free. "Killing Rachel didn't make her happy," Cooper interjected weakly, trying to force down the despair that threatened to crush him.

Vincent slammed into the door again, and Cory's left eye twitched. "You don't understand."

"You're selfish," Cooper continued, powering on. "You did it for you. Stop hiding behind Calla and face it like a man, you creep . "

you. . "You don't understand." The gun shook in Cooper's face, wobbling badly enough that for one hopeful moment, he thought it might fly right out of his hand.

"Understand what ?" he exploded.

what " I didn't kill that stupid bitch ."

I didn't kill that stupid bitch Cory panted, planting his feet wide to steady himself. Blood continued to trickle down his throat and into the front of his shirt, soaking it.

"COOP!" Vincent screamed.

"Shut up," Cory rasped. "SHUT UP! You idiots. Look where she is right now. Look where she is! " He leaned in close, the smell of blood and rotten fruit wafting over him. "This is your fault. You're no good for her. You make her weak —"

idiots. Look where she is! your weak

Something hard rammed into Cory from the side.

Cooper barely had time to process the flash of red hair. Or anything, for that matter. He just knew he had to move.

move. He stumbled around the armchair, doing his best not to dislodge it. He knew Vincent would be furious if they survived this, but Cooper couldn't risk putting his life in danger. Not even to save his own.

It's not just Cory I need to worry about, either, he thought grimly, his eyes tracking Calla as she struggled to regain her footing. Something small and metallic flashed as it fell from the waistband of her jeans, bouncing across the floor and landing at his feet.

It's not just Cory I need to worry about, either, He recognized it a moment later. Calla had brought a knife to a gun fight.

Cory scrambled over the ground on his hands and knees, trying to escape Calla's wrath. She panted as she used the bannister to drag herself upright, her arms shaking. Blood ran down her face, her throat. Cooper wondered how much of that blood belonged to Cory.

She reached for something at her back, only to find it wasn't there. Her eyes widened and she scanned the hall, frantic.

Cooper's eyes darted to the knife, and then he glanced across the room, making eye contact with Cory. They'd both noticed the knife. But it took Cooper precious seconds to realize the gun was gone, knocked aside in Calla's hail mary assault.

"There," she whispered, connecting the dots before he could.

His eyes followed hers. The gun gleamed over by the bannister, teetering dangerously close to the edge. Close. But not quite close enough. Cory would reach it first.

Then again, Cooper knew better than to underestimate Calla Parker.

"Cooper!" Calla shouted, breaking the spell holding the three of them in place.

On instinct, Cooper lunged for the knife. He expected Calla to go for the gun. Hoping—praying, really—that she could reach it in time.

But he'd miscalculated the distance. Cory's stride outdistanced Calla's. A conclusion that she had already come to. She darted to Cooper's side as Cory grabbed the gun and turned, aiming—

He pulled the trigger.

Calla stumbled back into Cooper. He tried to catch her, but his bound hands and broken ankle complicated matters. They both fell, and they fell hard. Calla landed half on top of him, her fingers digging into the carpet. From this angle, he could only see her profile.

"Calla?" he asked, leaning forward, her back pressed against his chest. He grabbed her by the shoulder. "Calla, what's—?"

"Ow," she whispered.

He pulled away and looked at his hands. His fingers were slick with blood.

Behind the door, Vincent had gone silent.

Cory stared at them from across the hall, his eyes wide with horror. He dropped the gun and it clattered against the railing before slipping over the side and crashing to the ground far below.

The gun. But what about...?

The gun. But what about...? Alarmed, Cooper scanned the floor. He'd dropped the knife. Of course he'd dropped the knife.

course "Cooper," Calla murmured, slumping against him for support. Her eyes were locked on a spot over by the wall.

He glanced over. A flash of silver winked back at him.

Calla shifted in his arms, trying to right herself, and hissed. A sheen of sweat had gathered on her forehead. She closed her eyes, as if blocking out a voice only she could hear.

"Cooper," she repeated through clenched teeth. "Go. Now. "

Now. His words to her, repeated back to him. Funny, how the tables had turned. And not quite funny at all.

Get the knife.

Get the knife. Cooper wiggled out from underneath her, trying to ignore the panic threatening to suffocate him. He couldn't think about Calla. He couldn't think about her blood on his fingers. He scrambled to his feet, holding back tears as his ankle gave out.

This is your fault.

This is your fault. He limped over to the knife. Ignoring the pain. Ignoring Cory's panicked murmurs behind him. Ignoring Calla's labored breathing.

You're no good for her.

You're no good for her. He fumbled for the knife in the darkness. His fingers brushed the handle—surprisingly warm. He clutched it like a lifeline, grasping it with both hands.

You make her weak.

You make her weak. Cooper shuffled forward, holding the knife in front of him. His breath came out labored, uneven. Cory knelt beside Calla, who, for her part, sat perfectly still. She watched the psychotic murderer holding her with carefully composed indifference. Cory pressed his hands over the bullet wound, his eyes wide and frantic. The skin at his throat dangled into the open air, swinging freely.

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry," he murmured, talking to himself. Calla's eyes shifted to Cooper. They were hard. Cold.

Do it, they whispered.

Do it, "Please. Please, " Cory begged. "It was an accident. An accident. Rachel...I have to tell you about Rachel. An accident..."

Please, accident. Her eyes narrowed when Cooper hesitated, the knife hovering over Cory's back. He didn't seem to notice. His universe had shrunk to the size of the hole in Calla's shoulder.

"Calla," he whispered, tearful. "I didn't kill—"

"Do it," she hissed.

Cooper closed his eyes and drove the knife into Cory's back.

Cory's back arched, twisting away from the blade in his spine. He choked and twisted, his bloody hands scrabbling at his back. Trying to reach the knife. To save himself.

Calla struggled to her feet, backing away from Cory. A look of revulsion twisted her mouth.

"Calla," Cory gasped, crawling over to the bannister. He repeated her name over and over. A mantra.

A prayer.

Cooper sank to his knees. His fingers began to tremble. Tears stung his eyes.

Murderer.

Murderer. "Coop."

Filth.

Filth. "Cooper."

Monster.

Monster. " Coop ." Calla knelt in front of him. Her flinty eyes assessed him.

Coop "Monster," he whispered aloud.

She pursed her lips. And then she stood, watching Cory haul himself upright, crawling up the bannister. He draped himself over the edge of the railing, the knife sticking out of his back like the quill of a porcupine. He convulsed as blood dribbled out of his mouth.

"Monster," Cooper repeated softly.

Who, Coop? Them? Or you?

Who, Coop? Them? Or you? Calla glanced back at him. And then she strode forward, her sights set on Cory. Without hesitating, she grabbed the knife in his back and twisted. He screamed and thrashed, his legs buckling. He leaned forward, trying to get away from the pain.

Calla moved, faster than a striking snake. She gripped the belt loop of his jeans and pushed, using the momentum of his panicked frenzy to send him over the edge. Cooper didn't watch Cory fall. Instead, he stared at Calla's face.

pushed, Watching that girl die, it filled something empty inside of her. You could see it. She was...

Watching that girl die, it filled something empty inside of her. You could see it. She was... He closed his eyes, flinching at the sound of Cory's body hitting the floor far below.

She was happy.



She was happy.





38: Ghosts of the Past


Monster.

Monster. Calla gripped the bannister, her bloodstained knuckles aching from the strain. She stared down at the dark shape sprawled on the ground far below. So far. She could still hear the satisfying crack as his skull made contact with the polished floor.

crack She would relish that sound for the rest of her life. However long that would be.

The bullet in her shoulder sang, and that song was agony. How the hell had that thing not gone straight through her? It had to be some sort of divine punishment. Penance for the evil things she'd done, and still had yet to do.

not "Punishment?" a silky voice purred.

Calla whirled around, nostrils flaring. Cooper knelt on the ground where she'd last left him, locked in a sort of trance. He swayed from side to side, his eyes closed and head tilted back to the ceiling, still mumbling about monsters.

Somewhere off to the side, she saw a flash of black hair—or was it merely a shadow?

"What punishment does my murderer deserve?" the voice asked again, closer now. Something cold brushed the back of Calla's neck.

She turned. And came face to face with a very dead Tracy Smith.

She gave Calla a mocking smirk and leaned in. Cold air brushed her face as Tracy's nose hovered by hers, millimeters away.

"Calla," she breathed, almost lovingly. "I'll always be with you."

She blinked, and Tracy was gone.

"You bitch," she whispered, clapping her hand over the bullet wound in her shoulder. She clenched her fingers around it and closed her eyes. Warmth gushed between her fingers. "You miserable bitch ."

bitch From down the hall, the door leading into guest-bedroom-turned-prison-cell burst open in a flurry of splintered wood. Cooper flinched. And then blinked several times, shaking himself from a horrible trance.

Vincent stumbled out into the hall, disoriented. Blood wept from a cut above his brow, but it was his shoulder that looked worse for wear. His right arm hung by his side, immobile. He gave the hall a quick sweep. He spotted Cooper first and started forward, his eyes dancing over her—

He stopped. And then his face crumpled.

"I thought you two were dead ," he croaked.

dead Unable—or perhaps unwilling—to move, the three stared at each other from their respective places in the dark hallway. Afraid to blink. Afraid to breathe. Afraid that their nightmare was not, in fact, over.

Blood rolled over Calla's fingers. A wave of dizziness struck her and she wavered, her grip tightening on the rail. At least, it felt like her grip tightened. But her fingers, slick with blood, slipped against the smooth wood and she stumbled, falling to her knees.

felt What punishment does my murderer deserve? Tracy's taunting words drifted across her thoughts. Calla's vision dimmed. This time, there was no headache.

What punishment does my murderer deserve? Just pain.

"Calla? Hey, Calla." Warm hands stroked her cheeks, her hair. She felt fingertips brush the back of the hand that clutched her shoulder, trying desperately to hold the blood inside her body.

"Coop?" the same voice asked, rising with panic. "Coop, she's—"

"We need to call an ambulance." Cooper's voice sounded different. Stronger. And much closer. "We need to find a phone ."

phone "No time." Vincent mumbled a string of curses as he hauled Calla into his arms. Her stomach did a flip as he lifted her, cradling her to his chest.



"How the hell did you get out of the zip ties?" Cooper asked in bewilderment, some of the life in his voice returning. "How the hell did you get out of the room ?"

room "No thanks to you," Vincent muttered darkly. Calla stared up at the vague shadow of his jaw—or was that the curve of his shoulder? She couldn't be sure.

The pain swallowed her whole, pulling her under.

"Let's argue later," Cooper offered, evasive.

Vincent grunted, striding down the hall. He held her close, trying not to jostle her. But there was nothing he could do about the stairs. She grimaced as the fire in her shoulder intensified, each step pushing her further into darkness.

Too much blood, she realized. I'm losing too much blood. That, and I probably already have a concussion.

Too much blood, I'm losing too much blood. That, and I probably already have a concussion. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Vincent murmured, anxious. "Hang on, okay?"

Behind her—or maybe he was ahead of her?—Cooper remained silent. His words from before played through her head, drawing her out of the dark.

You have to be fine. You owe me, you bitch. You promised.

You have to be fine. You owe me, you bitch. You promised. She owed him nothing, not anymore. She'd paid her debts in full. Cory was dead. Deader than dead. He would make one hell of a zombie if he ever reanimated, she decided.

I'm losing it, she thought, amused. Cooper would have appreciated the zombie reference. But when the hell had she ever cared about his approval?

I'm losing it, his Monster, he'd whispered. Over and over and over again.

Monster, I came for you, she wanted to scream, to rage. I came for you, you ungrateful little shit. I killed for you.

I came for you, I came for you, you ungrateful little shit. I killed for you. The ultimate truth. The thing she'd been denying since the moment she pushed Cory off of that ledge.

Not for Vincent. Not for Rachel. Not for myself. For you , Cooper Daniels.

Not for Vincent. Not for Rachel. Not for myself. For you Cooper Daniels. She couldn't say the words, not while Vincent cradled her in his arms. Not while so much was still uncertain.

Calla felt the moment Vincent caught sight of Cory's lifeless body. He froze mid-stride, rocking her. But he didn't say anything. Not a curse, nor a prayer.

A few seconds passed, and then he drew a sharp intake of breath. "What are you doing ?"

doing "Trying to find his phone," Cooper muttered. "He's got—fuck me . It's totally busted. I guess the fall—"

. "We don't have time, Coop. Let's just go."

time, " Go ? Where—"

Go "Car," Calla mumbled, the fingers on her left hand twitching.

"Car?" Vincent asked, leaning down. She felt his lips close to her ear. "Where? What car?"

"Coop," she elaborated, blinking away the dark spots in her vision. She took a deep breath, a moment of clarity gripping her. "The Mustang. End of the driveway. I left the keys inside."

"You..." Vincent was already striding for the front door. From somewhere behind them, she heard Cooper shout, "You drove my baby into this mess?"

baby Calla smirked, her sight dimming. Above her, Vincent sighed.

"Just hold on," he murmured. And then—the sound of a door opening. Cold air washed over her face, and she thought Tracy had come back for her, after all. Back to drag her soul to hell. "Hold on, Calla."

I'll hold on, she thought.

I'll hold on, Darkness gripped her hand and together, they slipped under.

* * * * *



The next half hour plunged Calla's world into chaos.

She couldn't exactly recall how she'd ended up in Cooper's Mustang. She remembered the bite of cold air, and the even colder light of the stars wheeling overhead.

She remembered the rumble of Vincent's voice vibrating through her chest.

She remembered lying in the passenger seat, curled up in Cooper's lap, who held her with the caution of one holding a particularly pissed off rattlesnake.

She remembered darkness.

And then—lights.

Red lights. Blue lights. White lights. Flashing lights.

Strobe lights.

Strobe lights. And voices. Voices in the car. Filled with static and white noise. Voices in her head.

Monster.

Monster. * * * * *

* * * * * " Who shot her? Did you say—"

Who "Let me see that leg."

"Slow down ."

down Inhale.

"Can someone tell me what the hell happened here?"

Exhale.

"We need to get a drip going, sir. She's losing a lot of—"

"Blood, yes. Go. Go now. Wait. Where the fuck is Richards? For christ sake . Call him!"

fuck sake "What about the detective? Michaels, sir."

Silence.

Blessed.

Blissful.

Silence.

Silence. * * * * *

* * * * * And in that silence, there was a door.

Calla blinked. She recognized the brassy knob almost immediately. Smooth. Polished. Worn down from the constant twisting and turning of small fingers.

Untouched for weeks. Months. Years.

Years. I'm home.

I'm home. The smell of honeysuckle filled the air. Her mother's favorite candle, burning somewhere in the house, filling the halls and the empty room—

The empty room.

The empty room. Calla stared at the door. She felt strangely... warm. And light as a feather. She could feel the tips of her fingers and the air in her lungs, but she couldn't seem to feel the weight of her bones or the mass of her heart. It was as if some god had reached deep inside of her and ripped out her innards, discarding them in a steaming pile on the floor.

warm. I'm dreaming, she realized. She reached out to brush her fingers against the doorknob. This is a dream. I'm home, but not home.

I'm dreaming, This is a dream. I'm home, but not home. And then, a second thought: I'm still alive.

I'm still alive. "What's behind that door?"

Calla flinched. The voice did not belong to her mother.

She turned. Rachel stood to her left, hovering over her shoulder. Dark shadows hung beneath her eyes, which had dimmed considerably in death. But they shone now with a sort of morbid curiosity. As if she knew nothing good could lay on the other side of the door.



Knew, and wanted to find out what it was, anyway.

"You never told me," Rachel elaborated. "What's in there?"

"An empty room," Calla murmured. In the background, somewhere off in the kitchen, a woman began to cry.

"Why's it empty?" Rachel whispered.

Cold air brushed Calla's cheek, drifting from the crack beneath the door. She shivered.

"It..." Her fingertips brushed the smooth metal of the doorknob. She was surprised to find them trembling. "It was..."

Her head pulsed. Dark spots danced across her vision.

Panicking now—she couldn't go back into that darkness—Calla turned the doorknob and burst into the room.

On the other side, she found a very different room than the one she'd been anticipating. Where the twin bed should have been, an upholstered armchair now sat. And where the toy dinosaurs had once stood vigil—stacked along the dresser like a colorful parade—there were only empty picture frames. Shattered glass sparkled on the floor, replacing the blue rug Calla had spent countless nights rolling around on, giggling.

Panting, she did a full three-sixty, spinning in circles. This wasn't her house.

This wasn't the empty room.

Cold air filled the space. Slithering across her shoulders, her collarbone—

Calla stiffened. Her breath came out in little puffs.

The icy air hardened, solidifying into iron fists that clamped around her throat.

* * * * *

She'll sting you one day.

She'll sting you one day. She gasped as she bolted upright, her eyes squeezed shut. Warm air filled her lungs. And for a moment, she felt relief.

One feather is of no use to me.

One feather is of no use to me. She opened her eyes. Tall pine trees loomed over her, blocking out the sky.

Kill her, and bring me back her heart as a token.

Kill her, and bring me back her heart as a token. The disembodied voice sounded...familiar. As a lullaby might. Or perhaps the voice of an old friend. An old, dead friend.

I'm Death, it whispered again. The trees stood motionless. Not a single breath of wind brushed their branches. And I make all equal.

I'm Death, And I make all equal. The voice in her head—it had to be in her head, as it could be coming from nowhere else—became louder, more insistent. Until it wasn't a voice in her head at all. The next words were clear as a bell, and deep. The bass tenor of a man.

"My love for her is so great, that if all the leaves on the trees were tongues, they would not be able to express it."

Something rustled off to her left. She twisted. Her head swam from the swift movement and she winced.

A low chuckle. She recognized it as the voice from before. "Easy, there."

Cory sat with his back against one of the ancient trees, looking at ease despite the horrendous gash in his throat. It didn't seem to bother him in the slightest. He watched her with warm, loving eyes.

His death had not softened her heart. She hissed.

He sighed. It sounded weary. Sad. "I was afraid of that."



"You should be afraid of me ," she snapped, attempting to stand. The movement caused her too much pain and she swore, falling back to her knees.

me He smirked at her. "It's not that serious."

that The expression on his face, paired with those words, sent her back to a different time and a much different place. She stood beside him in a crowded hallway, her shoulder braced against a locker as he tried to reassure her, downplaying the death of their beloved classmate.

His words had seemed playful at the time. But of course, he'd been hinting at something much more sinister. Why worry about a killer—when the killer is you ?

you She blinked. The old pine trees came back into focus. His blue eyes assessed her, as if waiting for another mild fainting spell.

"I never cared much for Faithful John," Cory mused from his spot against the tree, lost in the tangled web of his thoughts. He barely seemed to notice her. "An old fool. That's what he seemed. But I think he had the right idea, after all."

Faithful John. Calla realized what Cory had been referencing before. His words took on new meaning in the dark forest, the boughs shrouded in mist. The last fairytale. The last page.

Faithful John. She'd read and reread those pages enough times to memorize the words there. A different line stood out to her now. It burned her tongue to speak it: "I will risk my life to win her."

"Like I said," Cory whispered. "The guy had the right idea."

"So that's it, then." she asked, bitter once more. "All of it. All of this. You did it for me?"

"For you. For us," he confirmed, morose.

Rachel. Why Rachel.

Rachel. Why Rachel. She didn't need to speak the words, not in this strange place. He seemed to hear her just fine.

His eyes were wide. Beseeching. "Calla."

I didn't kill—

I didn't kill— She didn't want to hear the words. Ignoring the pain—and when had it become so cold again?—she stood and lunged for him once more, extending her hands in front of her, fingers hooked into deadly claws—

cold * * * * *

"Calla!"

She thrashed, her fingers digging into warm skin—

Warm.

Warm. Calla panted, blinking up at a familiar face. Her fingers were tangled in his shirt, her other hand digging into his wrist, which held her down with gentle force.

She sank back into a set of hard pillows, her head spinning. "Vincent."

Her death grip on his t-shirt softened. Disoriented, she glanced around the room, fearing what she would see. A misty forest? A long forgotten room?

But her surroundings were unfamiliar. The room itself was bright; warm sunlight slanted through a set of dusty blinds to her left. A painting of the sea, meant to inspire calm, hung on the opposite wall. But the door, peppered with neon flyers, disrupted the atmosphere, jarring her. In the upper right hand corner of the room, an ancient TV played reruns of Jeopardy, set to the lowest possible volume.

She analyzed the neon flyers. Bold letters screamed back at her.

ALL EMPLOYEES MUST WASH THEIR HANDS.

ALL EMPLOYEES MUST WASH THEIR HANDS.

FLU SEASON? CALL YOUR DOCTOR TODAY.

FLU SEASON? CALL YOUR DOCTOR TODAY. FREE STD SCREENINGS TUESDAY, MARCH 11.

FREE STD SCREENINGS TUESDAY, MARCH 11. Her eyes drifted over to the counter. Piles of flowers dominated the space, spilling over into the sink. A bottle of Germ-X teetered on the edge, threatening to tumble onto the floor.

Hospital. Why am I at a hospital?

Hospital. Why am I at a hospital? She tried to shift her weight. Wires attached to a white patch on the inside of her elbow prevented her from doing much and she grunted, frustrated.

"Hey, take it easy," Vincent murmured, readjusting his ball cap. "You can't get all worked up, okay?"

He eased down into a chair next to her bedside, as if resuming a position he'd been holding for some time. Two chairs just like it—one to his immediate right, the other positioned at the foot of the bed—sat like silent sentinels.

Empty. But she got the feeling they hadn't been empty for long.

"Wait. Crap." He bolted upright and dug into the pockets of his sweatpants, frowning with concern. "You're awake ."

awake "Yes?" she croaked, grimacing. Awake. Was she? The thought that this, too, might be a dream plagued her. She swallowed past the dryness in her throat and tried again. "And?"

He finally fished out his phone and held it up to his ear, triumphant. A moment passed and then a grin split his face as whoever was on the other end of the line picked up. "Hello? Rosalind? She's awake now."

Mother.

Mother. Calla withheld a groan. She gestured for him to hang up, but the wires tugged against her sore skin. She swore, glaring down at them.

"Excellent." Vincent beamed, hanging up the phone. He smirked down at her. "She'll be here in five minutes."

Calla opened her mouth, ready to snap out something smart— I should have pushed you over that bannister. But then she hesitated, the reality of who she was speaking to sinking in.

I should have pushed over that bannister. Play the part, Calla. Just like you've been doing your entire life.

Play the part, Calla. Just like you've been doing your entire life. She settled back into the bed with a sigh.

"Your mom's really nice," Vincent reassured her, pulling his chair closer. He reached out and took her hand, but not before he hesitated. It was slight. Barely noticeable.

Calla smiled, pretending not to notice.

What does he know? she wondered, running through her admittedly hazy memories of the night before. What does he suspect?

What does he know? What does he suspect? He smiled back at her. It didn't reach his eyes.

"What happened?" she whispered, laying the groundwork for the tale she would spin—for Vincent's sake. For her mother's sake. For the entire town's sake.

town's Over time, even Calla herself would come to believe the lie. That's how far she would bury the truth. No lie detector would ever be able to call her bluff.

She quickly ran through a hundred different scenarios, fumbling for a concrete plan of action. She could feel Vincent's reluctance, uncertainly seeping through his pores. If he doubted the events of that night, Calla would never be able to recover. The whispers, the rumors, would follow her indefinitely.

he Calla could not afford whispers. She could not afford rumors.

afford Vincent hesitated, his eyes bouncing between her face and her hands, which had been heavily bandaged. He held them gingerly, as if afraid he might break her.



Or afraid she might break him.

him. "What do you remember?" he asked, evading her question with one of his own.

How do I convince him? she thought, frustrated. How do I convince them all?

How do I convince him? How do I convince them all? She could go the route of desperation. Desperate times do, after all, call for desperate measures. But would that be enough to convince a town of her innocence? She'd done quite a bit of damage to Cory...

Vincent assessed her, waiting for an answer. He swallowed, his Adam's apple bobbing.

"I..." Calla sighed, stalling for time. She closed her eyes. "I remember..."

What do you remember, Calla?

What do you remember, Calla? Her eyes fluttered open.

"Calla?"

She flinched, and the monitor analyzing her heartrate spiked. Rosalind stood just over the threshold to her room. She stared at her daughter, tears pooling her eyes.

Here we go.

Here we go. Vincent jumped up and took off his ball cap, clearing his throat. Calla resisted the urge to roll her eyes as he mumbled something about grabbing a snack from the vending machine.

Thus abandoned, Calla spent the next fifteen minutes consoling her mother. For the most part, she stared at the painting across the room, watching the crests of the waves. Despite the horror she'd witnessed in the last twenty-four hours, she could not stand to stare at the hollow light in her mother's eyes, nor the pallor of her skin.

It reminded her too much of the empty room.

"Rosalind...oh, Calla. It's so good to see you awake."

Calla. Amelia Daniels peered around the edge of the door, a hesitant smile lighting up her beautiful face. She stepped into the room, showcasing a pair of dark blue scrubs.

"Amelia." Calla's mother stood, squeezing her hand one last time before grabbing her purse. "Good news? Please tell me it's good news."

Please Cooper's mother gave her a warm smile. "It's good news. Can you step out into the hall with me for a few minutes?"

"Of course." She glanced back. "You'll be alright?"

Calla opened her mouth to respond but was interrupted.

"I'll stay with her."

Cooper hobbled into the room on a pair of crutches, flushed from the effort. A thick cast encased his right ankle, weighing him down.

"Thank you." Her mother threw him a grateful smile, and together the two women departed, closing the door behind them with a final click.

click. Cooper stood at the foot of Calla's bed. For a moment, the two said nothing. They simply stared at one another, each taking the other in.

Cooper was the first to break the silence: "You look like shit."

Calla's eyes narrowed. She assessed the bandages around his right hand, the cast on his foot, and the stitches—covered with a thin bandage—on his left cheek.

"Well," she drawled, pinning him with a look. "I suppose I would...since I took a bullet for you, ungrateful asshole . "

took a bullet for you, . Cooper cleared his throat, glancing from one side of the room to the other, seemingly fascinated with the bland decor.

Calla rolled her eyes. And then she sighed. "How bad is it?"

He shot her a quick look. "What?"

"You said I look like shit. Are we talking a steaming pile, or...?"



"Steaming pile." He fumbled over to her bedside, struggling with the crutches. Cursing, he flung them onto the floor and hopped the rest of the way over, falling into one of the chairs. He didn't look at her when he said, "But a very nice steaming pile."

nice This time, she didn't hesitate. She didn't have to. "Yep. I definitely should have flung your ass over the bannister."

your They sat in silence for a long moment, each lost in their own thoughts. Calla stared at him while he stared at the ceiling, his expression unreadable.

Finally, he asked, "Why?"

Calla's fingers twisted into the bedsheet. "Why what? I have a concussion, Coop. I don't have the brain capacity to deal with your riddles right now."

what? "Why did you do it?"

He was going to die, anyway.

He was going to die, anyway. The words he didn't say. The words he didn't have to say.

have "Because I made a promise," she ground out. A half truth.

"Since when do you care about keeping your promises," Cooper muttered, calling her bluff.

Calla gritted her teeth.

And then he said the words: "He was going to die, Calla. I...I stabbed him in the back, and—"

die, "And you would have moped about it for the rest of your life," she snapped back, surprising them both.

Cooper stared at her, bewildered. She sighed, closing her eyes. The headache was beginning to return, and with a vengeance.

Calla contemplated just lying there. She could stay like this, she decided. Silent. Still. Her injuries would give her enough leeway to turn any uncomfortable questions away, at least for a time. But only for a time.

"I didn't know he was there," she murmured.

Her eyes were still closed, so she couldn't see Cooper's reaction. But she could hear the confusion in his voice when he asked, "Who?"

"Vincent." She spit the words out, knowing that if she didn't now, then she might bottle them inside for the rest of her life. "I didn't know he was there. At the house. I came there for you."

The silence between them stretched.

When Calla could no longer bear it, she opened her eyes. Cooper gazed down at her, uncertain.

"I don't understand," he said weakly. "Why come for me? And don't tell me any bullshit about promises, Calla. I know who you are. I know how you think. It doesn't make sense—"

think. "Exactly."

"I...what?" His speech came to a resounding halt. He deflated like a flat tire, the air leaving him in a rush.

"You know who I am," she explained softly, her eyes sliding to the door dividing them from the rest of the world. "You know how I think. You see me." She appraised him with a frown, disturbed at her own admission. "I don't want to be invisible, Coop."

She looked away, her eyes straying to the flowers sprouting from the counter. She hadn't noticed until now, but their scent lingered in the air, a cacophony of smells and colors, clashing together in horrible harmony.

"We have to talk about what happened," Cooper finally blurted out, diverting the conversation to safer waters. "You've been out cold for three days—"

"Bitch, what ?" Calla whipped her head back around, glaring daggers at him. "Three days ? Why am I just now hearing this?"

what days "Because you just now woke up?"

"God," she groaned. "Why are you punishing me?"

What punishment does my murderer deserve?

What punishment does my murderer deserve? She pursed her lips, banishing the memory. Tracy was dead. Dead and gone.

I'll always be with you.

I'll always be with you. "Calla?" Cooper snapped his fingers in front of her nose and she swatted at him, pulling the wires in her arm. She grimaced.

"What? Yes, yes. We'll talk about what happened," she muttered, just as the doorhandle began to twist. " Later. "

Later. "Later," he agreed, a note of warning in his voice. He wasn't going to let her forget.

Perhaps that's what I should do, she mused, just as Vincent slipped into the room, grinning at them. He balanced almost a dozen snacks in his arms, each on the verge of tumbling to the floor. I should just...forget.

Perhaps that's what I should do, I should just...forget. "I come bearing gifts," he proclaimed, sliding into the seat next to Cooper.

When he looked at her, she saw the same hesitance, but also a warmth. As if whatever suspicions he'd been harboring before were beginning to slip away, back into the dark corners of his mind where he would lock them away and forget they ever existed.

It was hard to linger on nightmares when you were surrounded by the waking world. The sunlight could be deceiving.

She could only hope it would be enough.





39: Sanctuary


The final days of February fell over Greenwitch like a blanket, smothering the town in a layer of ice and silence.

Cooper thought he would be grateful for the quiet. But it wasn't the silence of a town at peace; it was the silence of a town whispering behind their hands. The silence of stolen glances and wild rumors.

The silence of a town gone mad with secrets.

Cooper shivered as he leaned against his apartment building, the rough brick picking at the back of his hoodie. He tapped his left crutch against the frozen concrete— tap tap tap —his eyes pinned on the little red Honda in the Parker's driveway, exhaust fumes curling into the air. From the passenger seat, he watched as Calla crawled out. She held onto her mom for support, who balanced a suitcase in one hand and her daughter in the other, the lower half of her face wrapped in a bright yellow scarf.

tap tap tap He watched them shuffle into the house and out of the cold, feeling like an intruder.

Go back inside, Cooper, the small voice inside his head urged. She's avoiding you...maybe you should let her. Curiosity killed the cat, remember?

Go back inside, Cooper, She's avoiding you...maybe you should let her. Curiosity killed the cat, remember? Curiosity. Cooper wasn't so sure that's what this was—this need, this urge, to speak to her. He hadn't seen her in a week, not since that first afternoon in the hospital, back when they weren't sure if she would ever wake up at all.

urge, Back when he wasn't sure if he wanted her to wake up.

wanted It would have been easier, watching her slip away like that. So much easier. Cooper would no longer have to feel her dark eyes tracking him through the halls of Greenwitch High. He would be able to forget about that night in the mansion.

He could move on. It would take months—years, probably. But one day, Calla Parker would only be a distant memory.

Cooper tightened his grip on the crutches, glaring at the hard ground. A spot of green, no larger than a penny, pushed through a crack in the sidewalk, daring to brave the cold.

He drew in a deep breath. And then, very softly, he forced out the truth, speaking it into existence. "I guess I sort of need you, Calla Parker."

Fear propelled him forward, toward the barren field—toward Calla. Fear and anger.

He didn't want to go back inside. He didn't want to lock the doors and draw the curtains. The thought of shutting himself inside his empty apartment, with its empty rooms and empty bed and four empty walls, filled him with bone-crushing anxiety, the kind that burned his throat and left him breathless.

want Before the chaos and his brush with death, Cooper's room had been his sanctuary. The posters on his wall. The pictures under his bed. He'd found peace there. Peace and rest.

He hadn't slept right in weeks, stress and fear driving him toward hellish nightmares and sleepless nights. Calla's stay in the hospital had only exacerbated that problem, rather than resolve it. And now, watching her disappear inside the house, he thought he knew why.

Sanctuary.

Sanctuary. The word reverberated through his skull as Cooper maneuvered through the tall grass. He panted into the cold air, fighting for every step. By the time he reached her doorstep, sweat had gathered at the small of his back. He stared at the doorbell, trying to gather his thoughts.

He never got the chance.

The door opened, startling him. He rocked back on his crutches as a familiar set of black eyes stared out at him. His fear melted.

Cooper let out a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding. Calla quirked an eyebrow, unbothered as the cold air washed over her, despite her bare feet. An oversized sweatshirt covered her hands, leaving only the tips of her fingers exposed as she held open the door.



"Hey." He tapped his crutch against the ground. "Mind if I—"

"Ten minutes," she grumbled, stepping to the side. "You couldn't have given me ten minutes at home before barging in?"

He flushed, suddenly embarrassed. "I didn't barge . I knocked."

barge "Mom!" Calla called over her shoulder, startling him again. She closed the door behind him and locked the door. "Cooper's here!"

"Already?" Rosalind laughed. "Hey, Coop."

"Hey," he offered as they rounded the corner and stepped into the kitchen. Rosalind produced a large black plot from one of the lower cabinets and smiled over her shoulder.

"We're making stew. Would you like some?"

Cooper glanced at Calla, searching for an answer.

"He would," she clarified. "Mind if we put on a movie?"

"Go ahead," Rosalind agreed, lost in the depths of the pantry.

Calla padded off into the living room and he followed, more sure of himself than he'd been in a long while. He felt at ease moving through her house. Strange, how quickly things had changed.

"Well?" she asked, grabbing the remote. She cranked up the volume on the TV, drowning out her mom's clattering in the kitchen, and lowered herself onto the couch. She moved slowly, carefully. Afraid to jostle her injuries.

"We need to talk," he said, leaning his crutches against the wall. He limped over to the far side of the couch and sat, wedging his cast between the cushions and the coffee table.

Calla rolled her eyes and moved closer, so that their thighs were almost touching. The smell of antiseptic and rotting flowers floated over him.

"Then talk," she said simply, her eyes drifting to the TV. The look on her face was one he knew well; it was the same expression she liked to use in class, when she would stare at the teacher but fiddle with something under the table, her attention perfectly split between the two tasks.

Cooper inhaled deeply. The curious smell—lemongrass and sweet decay, an odd combination she must have picked up from her week at the hospital—soothed him. He sank further into the cushions.

"You're ignoring me," he accused. Not the best start. But they were beyond pleasantries now.

"I've been in the hospital," she argued listlessly. He could practically feel her smothering an eye roll.

He frowned. "You could have called . I've been going crazy in that apartment—"

called "Called?" She snorted and shot him a look. "With what phone?"

"Well." Cooper fought for a leg to stand on—figuratively speaking, though the cast certainly made it applicable to his current situation. "I still think—"

"See? There's your problem." Her eyes narrowed. "You're thinking. And leaving a wake of assumptions in your path."

thinking. He plunged ahead, disregarding the evil eye she pinned him with. "Have you even talked to the police yet?"

"Yes, Coop."

"And?"

"And?" she fired back. "I was shot. You were carved up like a Thanksgiving turkey. And Vincent didn't see a damn thing. The house was dark, and a serial killer tried to kill us—and that's exactly what I told them."

shot. exactly "Oh." Cooper sat back, contemplating. He wasn't surprised in the least. Of course she'd had an answer ready. "So...that's it?"

"For now." She returned her attention back to the television. "I'm sure there will be questions. Fuzzy details they'll want clarification on. It's been a week, and we're kids. We'll get a grace period."



"Oh," he said again, holding in a heavy sigh.

"Is that all?" she asked carefully, examining her flawless nails.

He'd seen those hands covered in blood. The thought did not nauseate him as it once had. And that, more than anything, concerned him.

"Did you mean it?" he asked in a whisper, staring at her profile. He absorbed the minute details of her face, right down to the freckles on her nose.

"Mean what ?"

what "Why you came back. Why you killed him."

I don't want to be invisible.

I don't want to be invisible. Calla turned away from him, digging her hands into the couch. The muscle in her jaw fluttered.

Her silence was answer enough.

He turned and stared ahead. "I guess I never thought you really would." He closed his eyes and let out a short bark of laughter. "I thought you'd just let me die."

"I thought about it."

"I know," he said, smiling to himself. As if her words were anything to smile about. "And I know we made a deal. But you didn't have to make good on that."

"Yes, Cooper. I did . And I don't expect you to understand," she hissed, suddenly irate. Her eyes flashed to the kitchen, but the sound of clanging dishes continued. "Why did you come here, anyway? You said it yourself. The deal is done. You can move on with your life."

did The deal is done.

The deal is done. There was something final about those words—something absolute. He expected to feel a flood of relief. Happiness, even. He'd done what he'd set out to do.

And now he was free. Calla was setting him free.

I never thought we would make it this far, he realized, stunned. I didn't plan for this. For the after.

I never thought we would make it this far, I didn't plan for this. For the after. "Move on," he murmured, rolling the idea around on his tongue. He looked over his shoulder to glance into the kitchen. Rosalind worked over the sink, her back to them.

It's far too late for that, Calla. Don't you see? You've changed. I've changed.

It's far too late for that, Calla. Don't you see? You've changed. I've changed. And they would never be the same.

Instead of answering her question, he presented one of his own. A strategy she often used to her advantage. "You still have the knife, don't you?"

her The question caught her off guard. She shot him a look—one he couldn't quite decipher. "What?"

"You kept the knife. The one you used to kill her."

He didn't have to elaborate. There could only be one her.

her. Calla's eyes turned hard. She stared at him and he stared right back, the two of them fighting a silent battle. Her hands dug into the cushions, pulling at the fibers. Cooper forced himself to remain relaxed, his hands lying limp in his lap.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, Calla shrugged. "Yes. And what about it?"

She was happy. Watching that girl die, it filled something empty inside of her.

She was happy. Watching that girl die, it filled something empty inside of her. "Do you..." he hesitated. He probably should have swallowed his next words. He should have swallowed them and choked on them. But that Cooper—the one who would have choked on his words rather than brave the consequences of speaking them—had died that night, right alongside Cory. "You remember it now? Killing her."



"Yes." No hesitation. Her voice sliced through the air, cold and hard.

"And you enjoyed it?"

Silence. And then: "Does it matter?"

"It matters," he whispered. "It matters. "

matters. "Then yes," she said, emotionless. "I did."

The truth of it. The full, unfiltered truth.

The truth of it. The full, unfiltered truth. Cooper dug his nails into his injured palm, the fragile skin throbbing through the gauze. The pain did nothing to distract him from the present moment. Nothing at all.

"Do you feel better now?" she asked softly. "Now that you know who I am?"

"I've always known who you are, Calla," he said, exhausted. He looked over at her, resigned. "Even when I didn't want to know. I just wanted to see if you would lie to me."

want She paused, assessing him. Sporadic bursts of gunfire emanated from the television, but he didn't flinch. He didn't have a whole hell of a lot to fear anymore.

Calla Parker had killed the boogeyman. Who else was there to fear?

was "What now?" she asked, something in her face shifting. Cooper realized the noise from the kitchen had quieted some and he turned, only to find that the room was empty. They were alone.

When he looked back, he saw Calla as she truly was. Her eyes burned like coals, seething with an intensity she reserved only for him. He couldn't help but smile.

I see you. And you see me.

I see you. And you see me. It felt good to breathe again.

"What?" she asked, perturbed by his reaction.

He laughed, unable to help himself. "Nothing."

"Stop it," she warned, shoving a finger into his shoulder. "You're being weird."

"Okay, okay." He sighed and sank back into the cushions, feeling lighter than he had in ages. "Sorry. I guess I'm just...relieved."

"Relieved." She leaned over and poked the skin between his eyes, shoving herself into his personal space. "I just told you I'm a vindictive, remorseless murderer, and you're relieved. "

relieved. "At least you're not a liar," he pointed out. "I hate liars. And Cory was one hell of a liar."

"Good to know where your moral compass lies," she drawled, settling back onto the other side of the couch, putting space between them. "Not really sure who you are or what you've done with Cooper Daniels, but you're entertaining, whoever you are. I'll give you that."

But you do know me, Calla Parker. And for now, that's enough.

But you do know me, Calla Parker. And for now, that's enough. "Riddle me one thing," he mused, staring up at the ceiling.

"Oh? Just one thing?" she teased dryly. "No more ponderings on the morality of my existence in this world?"

one "Rachel."

"Excuse me?"

"Rachel," he said more slowly, her name burning on the tip of his tongue. He traced random patterns in the ceiling, finding faces where there were none. "I still don't understand. Why kill her? I understand the others. Jacob threatened you. And Jess was always at your throat. And me..."

You're no good for her. You make her weak.

You're no good for her. You make her weak. Calla finished the thought for him. "You bring me down a peg."



"What?" he looked at her, startled.

She smirked over at him. "You think I didn't hear the tail-end of Cory's pretty little speech? Talk about drama."

"Well...yeah," he finished lamely, cheeks flushing. "The guy didn't like me much, I guess. And Vincent was obviously competition."

"Obviously," she repeated, her smile broadening.

"But Rachel." Cooper interrupted her before she could add anything else. "Cory..."

"What did he say?" Calla asked quietly, her voice simmering with restrained emotion.

Cooper sat up and shot her a warning look, as if to say please don't freak out. "He said he didn't kill her. I'm paraphrasing."

please don't freak out. Calla leaned back against the armrest with a deep frown. "What did he say, exactly? No paraphrasing," she added.

exactly? "He said, and I quote ," he emphasized, trying to impress upon her the importance of not shooting the messenger, " I didn't kill that stupid bitch ."

quote I didn't kill that stupid bitch Calla folded her arms, tucking her hands back into her sleeves. She considered Cooper from the opposite side of the couch, lounging back against the armrest imperiously. She stretched out her legs, her feet propped dangerously close to his thigh.

Cooper frowned down at her toes. Filthy.

"Stop staring at my feet."

"Then wash them."

wash "I just got back from the hospital and am now being forced to entertain my jackass neighbor. Haven't had the chance to shower yet."

Cooper sniffed but kept his silence.

"Anyway. Before I was so rudely interrupted." Calla's left foot began to shake. It took all of Cooper's willpower not to recoil. "I think...I think he was trying to tell me the same thing. To that effect, anyway." She paused. A strange smile curled her lips. "He lied. About owning pets."

Cooper blinked. The change in subject gave him a sense of whiplash. "I...come again?"

"Cory told me he had two cats. A dog. Even a guinea pig."

Cooper struggled to find words. "Do we need to take you back to the hospital?"

"He's a liar, Coop." Calla's eyes wandered up to the ceiling. "I didn't notice at the time. But that house of his? It felt cold and empty. No decor. No warmth. Like a cave. I never heard a dog. Never saw a cat. The place didn't smell very lived-in. He wanted to seem normal. So he fabricated a story about owning pets." She shrugged, as if this made perfect sense to her. "It's what I would have done. Animals put people at ease."

warmth. "And this..." Cooper still didn't follow how, exactly, they'd landed on the topic. "Is relevant...how?"

"Like I said," she murmured softly. "He's a liar. Liars lie."

liar. Cooper shifted to the left as subtly as possible, trying to put space between his leg and her foot. "So. He killed Rachel. A mistake that he knew he needed to rectify to gain your approval."

She said nothing for a long time. The program they were watching went through two rounds of commercial breaks before she spoke again. "Maybe."

Cooper rubbed at his forehead with the pad of his thumb and forefinger. "It just feels so...unresolved."

Rachel. Tom Sahein. Astrid. Ryan. The drug ring and the gossip and the buried secrets. The little lingering loose ends nagged at him, a sinister whisper.



It's done, he thought, willing it to be true. It's over.

It's done, It's over. So why did he feel so on edge?

Calla's mind seemed to have wandered a similar path. "Death doesn't always make sense."

"So that's it?" He frowned at her. "Rachel's death. It's just one of those random, unexplained things?"

"The world will never know what really happened that night," she muttered, staring at the television. "And I'd like to keep it that way."

"The world may never know," he agreed. "But what about you? Can you live without knowing?"

world Can I?

Can I? Her next words came after another, far more brief pause. "I think I can." Her eyes drifted back to his face. "For now."

I don't like the sound of that.

I don't like the sound of that. Cooper opened his mouth to say as much when the doorbell rang. They both turned and glanced into the kitchen, trying to make out the figure standing on the front porch.

"Calla?" a familiar voice called. "Coop? You in there?"

"Vincent," Cooper whispered, alarmed. He shot her a look. "Calla, he knows. I don't know what exactly, but..."

knows. "I know," she said, agitated now. She stood with a heavy sigh. "Don't freak out. He thinks he knows. But it was dark in that damn house. And horrifying. And post traumatic stress disorder is totally a thing."

thinks "We underestimated him once," Cooper warned, standing alongside her. He grabbed her wrist and she glared at him. A few months ago, that look might have sent him running. "He's smart, Calla. He's going to figure it out. One way or the other."

He's going to figure you out.

He's going to figure out. "What are you going to tell him?" she shot back, her dark eyes tracking his every movement.

"I don't know, Calla," he responded, frustrated. "If he asks? Maybe the truth , for once."

truth "You really think he wants to know the truth?"

Cooper opened his mouth, sure of his answer: yes. His best friend deserved to know the truth. Or at least a version of the truth. But now, faced with the prospect of answering Vincent's questions—questions that would inevitably circle back to Cooper's role in everything—he wasn't so sure.

yes. "Tell him the truth," Calla continued slowly, "and you'll break him."

Cooper watched her walk into the kitchen and disappear around the corner. The door opened. Vincent's warm laugh floated into the living room.

You really think he wants to know the truth?

You really think he wants to know the truth? "—just a scratch." Vincent's voice grew louder as the sound of approaching footsteps spiked Cooper's heart into his throat. "You and Coop look a hell of a lot worse than I do."

"You really know how to woo a woman, you know that?"

Cooper plastered a smile on his face when Vincent walked around the corner. His friend's expression immediately brightened.

"There you are! Man, the gang . Back together again," he crowed, stalking over. He slung his arm over Cooper's shoulders and smirked down at him. "Keeping my girl company?"

gang "Oh, it's my girl now, is it?" Cooper asked, shooting Calla a sly smile.

my girl "Well," Vincent backtracked, his face turning into a bright ball of flame. "I, uh...love this movie!" He unwound his arm from Cooper's shoulders and plopped down on the couch, pretending the other two didn't exist.

"Smooth," Cooper whispered. Calla scoffed and headed back into the kitchen. "Be right back. Mom's going to freak if she thinks she didn't cook enough food."

Vincent watched her go with a smile on his face—even as Cooper watched him, dread curling in the pit of his stomach.

him, "By the way, Coop. Sorry about not swinging by sooner." Vincent's voice shook Cooper from his thoughts. He blinked, trying to focus back in on the here and now . "Dad's been keeping me locked up. His ticket to the good life almost got ripped to shreds. Can't have that."

here now His tone was light, but Cooper could imagine the scene that had unfolded once Vincent's father brought him home from the hospital. He winced in sympathy.

"Nah. Don't worry about it." Cooper fell back into the nearby chair and shrugged. "We're alive, right?"

"We're alive," Vincent agreed. They shared a look, filled with equal parts exhaustion and relief. Cooper wasn't sure if it was just his overactive imagination, but he thought there might have been a shred of uncertainty lingering in the space between them, too. A question mark, begging to be answered.

The smell of lemony disinfectant filled the room. Calla appeared a second later and lowered herself down beside Vincent. He shifted, taking extreme care not to jostle her.

"What are we watching, boys?" she asked, snatching the remote from the coffee table before Vincent could grab it. "And none of that Star Wars crap."

"Cory should have killed us all," Cooper muttered. Calla threw him a look and Vincent laughed, tossing a pillow in his direction.

Cooper caught it with a grin, feeling oddly giddy. He knew there was a damn good chance Vincent would try to corner him after this—and his questions wouldn't be easy to answer. Maybe even impossible. He also knew there was an even better chance that Rachel's death would come back to bite him in the ass. He hadn't liked the look in Calla's eyes as she admitted defeat.

But none of that mattered. Not now. Not in this moment.

Because in this moment, he was safe. He was alive. They all were.

this He hugged the pillow to his chest and sat back, staring out of the nearby window. The oak tree in the backyard shivered in the wind, its limbs bare, save for a handful of dead, withered leaves that still managed to cling on. He'd grown up beneath the branches of that tree. He'd spent hours playing there, tangled among the roots.

It symbolized simpler days. Happier days. And much, much darker days.

His childhood had died there, among those twisted roots. He'd lost a piece of himself when he'd found that cat. But he'd also discovered something else—a hidden truth about the girl next door.

He'd hated that truth for years. Had loathed the knowledge he'd been forced to carry. And now...

His eyes drifted back to the couch. Calla had molded herself to Vincent's side. Their bandaged hands were intertwined. Watching them, Cooper felt surprisingly content.

Calla's eyes flashed to Cooper's face. After a moment, she smiled.

Yes. This could be enough.

For now.





Acknowledgments


It's been a long journey.

The Psychopath Next Door started as a pet project for National Novel Writing Month. And now, standing here at the end of the road, I can't help but marvel at how very far this project has come. Winning a Watty Award has absolutely been a culmination of years of sweat and yes, sometimes tears.

Of course, I wouldn't have been able to do it without immense support from my family, my friends, and (most importantly) my writing community. So my thanks goes out to you. To WriterAEF and the stream of commentary that never failed to amuse and entertain me. To Lucille_Dixon , whose early comments truly helped shape many of the larger revisions I wouldn't make until much later (perhaps too much later). To frickin_bats , who stuck with this thing until the very bitter (not so bitter?) end. Your commentary and relentless support have always stuck with me, and I'm so, so damn grateful I found you on this platform!

you. WriterAEF Lucille_Dixon too frickin_bats so And fallynsinclair ...you didn't think I'd forget, did you?



fallynsinclair

This story is what it is today because of you. Seriously. I never would have been able to finish this thing without the constant (but lovable) nagging, your steadfast faith in my writing and in these characters, and the passion you apply to your own craft. Who would have thought that a random read-for-read would have turned into something so much more? And it has. You're my writing buddy, my confidante, my drill sergeant, my motivational speaker, and my friend - and I absolutely cannot wait until the day when we finally get to meet up in person!

wait To my readers: thank you, thank you - thank you. Whether you're a ghost fan (silent but still supportive) or an avid commentator, I appreciate everything you've done for this story. I'm more grateful than you'll ever know.

To my readers: In other news...

In other news... Since I've been getting this question quite a bit, I wanted to go ahead and make an official announcement: there will be a sequel! I'm hoping to make this the first installment of a trilogy, so you'll be seeing a lot more of Calla, Cooper and Vincent very, very soon.

[THE SEQUEL: COMING SUMMER 2021]

[THE SEQUEL: COMING SUMMER 2021]





