Introduction


Title: The Painted Altar

Copyright by: bigimp

As published in: https://www.wattpad.com/story/133543898-the-painted-altar

Synopsis: ##WATTYS WINNER 2020## Two interconnected murders, 64 years apart. One woman's search for truth and identity. Readers' comments: 'a masterpiece', 'impeccably written', 'amazing', 'superbly crafted page-turner', 'hauntingly beautiful', 'tremendous plot and character development', 'one of a kind', 'fantastic story telling', 'loved this book', 'a wonderful read", 'absolutely beautiful', 'brought tears to my eyes' and many more Wattys judging panel: 'This is VERY good. We were HOOKED from the beginning, and the writing and plot hold up throughout. This is a very unique, polished, well-written and well-researched piece.' Plot Set partly in rural England, partly on the sun-kissed coast of southerm Italy, The Painted Altar is a murder mystery mixed with romantic and historical elements (World War Two). Given away at two days old, Mary Rice has spent her life in the shadows. When discovering the suspicious circumstances surrounding her biological mother's death, she embarks on a journey which will shine a light not only on the truth but also on her own identity. Brief extract Suddenly, the door had inched open, half a wrinkled face visible behind the tautened chain. "Hello. Who is it?" The words I was going to say had of course been well-rehearsed, repeated over and over in my mind like a mantra, but now that the moment had arrived I found myself struggling to remember them. "Mrs Harvey... I think that you might... well, that you might be..." The door closed, then slowly opened once more, the chain this time unlatched. And there she was before me - half a metre away, within arm's reach. Thin lips gradually crooking upwards at each corner like the slow beatific kindling of a summer's dawn. "Oh yes love, I know who you are." Length: 70,000 words About the author: Originally from England but for the last 16 years I've been living in Italy. I hope therefore that the Italian aspects of the novel will have a certain gloss of authenticity.





The Painted Altar


Introduction

Chapters Author's Preface

Prologue

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Thirteen

Chapter Fourteen

Chapter Fifteen

Chapter Sixteen

Chapter Seventeen

Chapter Eighteen

Chapter Nineteen

Chapter Twenty

Chapter Twenty-One

Chapter Twenty-Two

Chapter Twenty-Three

Chapter Twenty-Four

Chapter Twenty-Five

Chapter Twenty-Six

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Chapter Twenty-Nine

Chapter Thirty

Chapter Thirty-One

Chapter Thity-Two

Chapter Thirty-Three

Chapter Thirty-Four

Chapter Thirty-Five

Chapter Thirty-Six

Chapter Thirty-Seven

Chapter Thirty-Eight

Epilogue

Taster: The Scent of Death

Taster: The Third Shadow

Taster: Kill Who You Want





Author's Preface


The Painted Altar is many things. One woman's search for identity and justice. A love story, a novel within a novel, a good old-fashioned whodunnit. As with any narrative which dwells partly in those dark years of the Second World War, it's also about man's inhumanity towards his fellow man.

An estimated 150,000 Italians were held captive in Great Britain during the latter part of the war, the vast majority assigned to the country's chronically undermanned agricultural sector. Tales of kindness abound. The handmade toys presented to neighbourhood children. The vegetables smuggled from field to the food-rationed local population.

Though camp 106a is fictional, and thus too the painted altar described, examples of religious art left behind by Italian POWs are numerous. The cover of this novel, for example, features an image of the Henllan camp near Llandysul in Wales. Of even greater note, meanwhile, is the site on Lamb Holm in the Orkney Islands where prisoners joined two Nissen huts together end-to-end and fashioned a concrete chapel facade (see image beneath). Such works were created with scarce resources during the men's limited free time. Both the aforementioned sites are considered of such artistic and historical importance as to have the official status of listed buildings.

I dedicate this novel to all those men who stooped in the fields shoulder to shoulder with British farmers and Land Girls. Who, despite the uncertain situation at home, shared with the local communities their good humour, songs and creativity.

I dedicate it also to my mother, who grew up during those troubled years amidst those self same shadowed fields.

If you like what you read, you might consider clicking the vote icon (the little star at the bottom left of each chapter). This is the Wattpad equivalent of a Facebook thumbs up, an encouraging little pat on the back and a huge motivating factor for an amateur writer like me to keep churning out those chapters in my limited free-time. Even more welcome would be your comments and constructive criticism. The possibility of being able to connect with my readers, and through your feedback hone my craft, is the principal reason that I - as I suspect most fellow writers - publish on Wattpad.

Enjoy...

Copyright Michael David Smith 2018

All rights reserved



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Prologue




That late-summer night must have been a black one. Blacker than we can perhaps now imagine. Not even the nearby village of Northdyke would have cast that residual urban glow which we later generations are accustomed to. The year was 1943 and rural eastern England offered no guide, no ground-level points of reference, to the westbound drone of the Luftwaffe. A cloud-covered night meant, simply, no light.



As the North Sea breeze propelled those clouds further inland, an occasional gap may have permitted the rays of some distant star to briefly alight upon the corrugated iron roofs of the Nissen huts. To lick a faint line along the side of the camp water tower, pick out the sharp, twisted tangle of perimeter wire. But no, the night I picture was to all intents and purposes devoid of colour or contour. As black as the hearts of the men who lurked in the field beyond.

I don't know how many there were, or - bar possibly one name - exactly who they were. Nor in my mind's eye can I quite distinguish their night-cloaked figures pressed stomach-down in the dirt. More I hear the dismal scene which would follow. Can almost smell the Saturday night booze on their breaths - the best bitters and milds and thirsty swigs of gin...

who hear smell Yes, their impatient whispers are those of the decidely drunk. More than whispers - normal talking volume, hiss-softened a little at the edges.

Come on out then you greasy wop .

Come on out then you greasy wop . You sure it's tonight?

You sure it's tonight? Dead sure. Wouldn't have dragged you out here otherwise.

Dead sure. Wouldn't have dragged you out here otherwise. But Lord, I mean, are we really going to do this?

But Lord, I mean, are we really going to do this? Wops're no different to the jerries, ask me. Facist vermin, the lot of them.

Wops're no different to the jerries, ask me. Facist vermin, the lot of them. But it just seems--

But it just seems-- Ssshhh. Think I can hear something...

Ssshhh. Think I can hear something... Indeed, a faint panting sound now emerges in the background.

Wait for it. Not yet.

Wait for it. Not yet. A real whisper this time: tense, barely audible.

Then: Now !

Now At which point there are numerous sounds, a sudden muffled cacophany of them. Other pants. Mud-squelching feet. A chilling, strangulated cry.

The subsequent silence is stark, strangely prolonged.

Oh Christ, we really went and did it.

Oh Christ, we really went and did it. Told you there was nothing to it. Just like the straw man in bayonet training.

Told you there was nothing to it. Just like the straw man in bayonet training. Think I've got his blood all over my shirt.

Think I've got his blood all over my shirt. Best dump it in there with him .

Best dump it in there with him . We got the right one you think?

We got the right one you think? There's the flinty scratch then of a cigarette lighter, the flickering orb of illumination revealing a pair of faces. One, dirt-blackened and motionless, stares unflinchingly towards the heavens. The other - paler, sweat-beaded - squints in examination of the I.D tags around the first man's neck.

D'Ambra, Vincenzo .

D'Ambra, Vincenzo Aye, that's the bastard .

Aye, that's the bastard The blackness once more falls. Veils the subsequent grunts of exertion, the repeated tinny jabs of the spade churning through the soil...

~~~~





Chapter One




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Image: Altar of the Henllan POW camp near Llandysul in Wales, created by Italian prisoners.

Image: Altar of the Henllan POW camp near Llandysul in Wales, created by Italian prisoners. ~~~~~

' The only sin is the sin of being born'

Samuel Beckett

The only sin is the sin of being born'

Samuel Beckett ~~~~~

~~~~~ I was to learn of my mother's passing three days after the event, Monday 12th of June, 2007. She and I had had a tacit agreement: I would phone no more than once a week, and never at the weekends or at any other time outside working hours. I usually called from my office during whichever lunchtime wasn't cluttered by urgent mounds of paperwork or appointments with the parents of havoc-wreaking under-twelves.

Rather than her half-faded Liverpudlian lilt, it was a shock that particular day to hear instead a male voice on the other end of the line.

"Hello?" His tone was subdued yet curious.

It took me a moment to gather myself. "I was, er... I was hoping to speak to Irene actually."

There was a pause - a telling one, my heart already beginning to ominously thud.

"I'm afraid she... She passed on. Friday afternoon." It was clear from the slight tremor in his voice that his grief was genuine. "Fell asleep in front of the TV, never woke up again. Next door neighbour heard Ginger whining for her tea. Funeral's tomorrow." Then, his curiosity growing: "Who am I speaking to please?"

But I was already clicking receiver back into cradle.

*

I have never been what you might call the most emotionally immediate of women. Only anger rises quickly with me. Sadness, the much rarer experience of happiness, are like expelled bubbles floating their sluggish journey from diver's mouthpiece to surface. I knew full well what everyone called me behind my back, teachers and pupils alike. That dropped initial 'R' from my surname. Not Miss Rice but Miss Ice.

Indeed, anyone throwing a glance in my direction that Monday lunchtime as I sought out my deputy in the school canteen probably wouldn't have discerned any marked difference in my demeanour. The grief was internalised, put to one side. Something to be considered at a later date like a problem deemed slightly less urgent than others.

The voice on the other end of the line must have been Irene's son-in-law, I reasoned. Roger. Already starting to sort out her things perhaps, flick those sad little broom strokes at the flotsam and jetsam of a human life.

I eventually found Griffiths over at the hot plates consoling a tearful Year 3 pupil who'd dropped his tray of fishfingers and chips to the floor.

"Going to need you to cover me tomorrow," I informed him.

"Sure Mary, no problem." The accompanying smile, no doubt intended as reassuring, had completely the opposite effect. The parent-teacher committee must have been suffering some kind of cognitive malfunction the day they elected him deputy. The chap was just too lily-livered, too brainwashed by all that modern pedagogical claptrap, to be in any way effective in a leadership role. Five to eleven-year-olds didn't need drama therapy, self-evaluation, a stake in the decision-making process of their own educational paths. What they needed was discipline. Spelling tests. Times tables learnt by rote.



There he was now, arm around the boy's shoulder, mollycoddling like the worst kind of fussing indulgent grandmother.

"Never mind Kevin. What say we get this mess cleaned up, then you can go back in line and get some more?"

I instead shot the clumsy toerag my best headmistressly glower. "Just try to be more careful next time please. The canteen staff work to an extremely tight budget."

Turning back then to Griffiths, I reminded him that amongst other things there was a staff meeting scheduled for tomorrow and that as such it was now down to him to ensure a minimum of order and focus.

Again, this was 'no problem'. Again, that unreassuring reassuring smile.

"Something come up?" he enquired.

There was no point in lying, I supposed. As evenly as I could manage, I informed him that my mother had died.

His facial muscles at first stretched into an expression of saddened sympathy before then loosening to a frown.

"But I thought-"

"My biological mother," I clarified.

*

I was born in the Harvey farmhouse near the village of Northdyke, south Lincolnshire, on the 27th of April 1944. At two days old, with Irene Brennan's full consent, I was handed over to Henry and Violet Rice. Later to become a leading name in the field of prosthetics, my adoptive father was at the time chief surgeon at the military convalesence hospital which had been set up at the nearby Huntley Hall estate. His rugby-playing robustness hinted little at long-standing fertility problems - a defect which, through some unimaginably vaulted sense of male pride, he'd wanted to keep a secret at all costs. News of a pregnant Land Girl just a few miles up the road must have seemed like a godsend.

My adoptive mother, though the dearest and most precious of women, had always displayed a certain malleability to her husband's whims, enough so to earn amongst her acquaintances the nickname Shrinking, as in Shrinking Violet. Enough so also to agree to the somewhat sinister plan he hatched that war-torn spring of 1944. A theatre nurse who'd first become acquainted with him at the Royal Sussex before the war, she was obliged during a stint on the Sicilian frontline to send letters to friends and family back home announcing the happy news of her pregnancy. Returning secretly in patria, she made the journey up to Lincolnshire; then - now with my newborn self in arms - back south, finally arriving as arranged at Brighton Station for an emotional reunion with family, my adoptive father included. The baby had been born prematurely in the Mediterrannean everyone was told; she'd thought it would make a jolly surprise. It didn't seem to matter that with my darker colouring I resembled neither she nor Henry. The latter's plan had worked a treat, the public perception of a noble and uncompromised masculinity assured.

This was, it seemed, all he really cared about; certainly, he never paid me much attention. By the age of twelve or thirteen when school reports made it clear I had no talent or leaning for scientific fields, he appeared to give up on me altogether. For him, I was little more than a pet a husband might buy for a childless, unfulfilled wife - something out of necessity to be tolerated, forborne.

me It was around that same period that I first became aware of the non-biological status of my parents. Vaguely and mistily so, like a dog may have a certain level of perception that it's of a different species to the other members of the family at whose feet it waits patiently for tossed tidbits under the dining table. There was no single specific Big Moment. No 'Mary, could you come and sit down with us' tell-all. Just hints, suggestions. A gradual slow-drip of crossword-style cryptic clues.

My response, perhaps a subconscious one, was to throw myself into my studies. Subsequently, into my career. I was a headmistress by forty, and no matter what my teaching staff may say about me behind my back - and I have little doubt that when I'm not around the noise is quite deafening - it is a rare morning that my Renault Clio isn't first vehicle to arrive in the school car park and an equally rare evening it isn't the last to leave.

Though my professional dedication should not be placed in doubt, I admit that it is partly through desperation that I have always sought to occupy myself so. Even in my limited down-time, I prefer not to live in my own world but rather that stuffy Victorian dystopia so eloquently described by the words of Hardy and Conan Doyle and the Bronte sisters. There, or else the even more nefarious theatre of Ruth Rendell's contemporary England. I've just always been afraid that, left unbound to freely roam, my mind would explode with a deafening barrage of questions.

The precise details of my birth had not in fact been known to me until the death of my adoptive mother three years earlier. Her passing had seemed somehow doubly sad, those final widowed years having by some distance been the happiest of her adult life.

Along with her last will and testament, the solicitor had presented me with a handwritten letter. Contrite of nature - it was easy to imagine that a tear or two had been shed during its composition - I'd read it through twice, three times. Once the important information had been committed to memory, I'd then taken a kitchen match to it.

*

As soon as I'd dispensed of vital duties that sad Monday afternoon, I rushed home and folded my black three-piece into a cabin case - the same outfit I'd worn to my adoptive mother's funeral. By four o'clock I was heading out of my native Sussex; by five, found myself jammed in amongst the home-returning commuter traffic on the northbound A1.

Looking back now, even at that early stage I'd had an inkling - some stomach-gnawing sense of intuition - that things weren't quite as they seemed. Only the previous week Irene had recounted her latest visit to her GP. Like a motorist whose vehicle passes its MOT with flying colours and thus might be expected to provide problem-free service for the forseeable future, she'd sounded genuinely thrilled that Dr Patel had pronounced her as fit as a Stradivarius.

It might sound contrived, the facile platitude of someone writing with the benefit of hindsight, but as I headed north that evening the thought was a troubling one. As the only member of her family to have survived the war, few understood the value of life as deeply as Irene. It meant too much for her, provided her still with too much satisfaction, for her to have just given up on it so meekly, without a fight.

~~~~~





Chapter Two




Plot reminder: Mary has just learnt of the passing of her biological mother and is on her way to the funeral. She has strong presentiments that something is not quite right, suspicions which will soon be confirmed ...



Plot reminder: Mary has just learnt of the passing of her biological mother and is on her way to the funeral. She has strong presentiments that something is not quite right, suspicions which will soon be confirmed ~~~~~

Turning off the A1 north of Peterborough, the road which leads to the town of Ravensby is a strangely winding affair given the iron-flat countryside it traverses. Although the land of my birth, five or six previous visits had failed to instill in me any sense of affinity for the area. Far from liberating, the sheer vastness of the sky seems to imprison. Panning one's vision across the horizon, it feels almost as if you've been placed on a disc - a perfectly level, perfectly circular disc, one sealed by the impenetrable semi-sphere of the heavens.

As I entered town, the darkening broil of clouds overhead seemed somehow portentous. After checking in at my usual B & B, I followed the landlady's directions to the town's solitary Catholic church - this resulting as a modern brick affair next to the bus station, recognisable as a place of worship only by the wooden cross at the apex of its slanted roof. The funeral would take place at 10 a.m, I discovered, scanning the 'Forthcoming Services' board placed outside the entrance door.

Seeing her name and dates in black and white seemed to confirm the sad, sinking fact of it all.

Irene Gladys Harvey, 1925-2007

Irene Gladys Harvey, 1925-2007 Irene Gladys Harvey, 1925-2007 So much so that finally, a full six or seven hours after I'd been informed of her passing, I felt the first tear of filial grief swell at the corner of my eye.

*

Had Irene moved away from the Northdyke area, back to her native Liverpool or elsewhere, I most probably would never have traced her. As it was, the task had proven relatively easy. The farmhouse had been the fourth or fifth I'd tried - a fairly grim-looking red-brick affair surrounded by rusty-roofed outbuildings. The husband of the fifty-something couple who'd currently resided there had put me in touch with his father, he in turn having originally bought the place from the Harveys back in the late-fifties. Now living in a bungalow in the village, the old man and his wife had indeed heard talk of Land Girls being billeted in the farmhouse during the latter years of the war, but had advised me that really I should talk to one of the Harvey boys. None of the original farmer's three sons had been keen on the relentless dawn-till-dusk toil of agricultural life, and had all, the couple believed, sought less strenuous existences in nearby Ravensby. Of the six Harveys with Ravensby addresses listed in the local phone book, it had come as somewhat of a surprise to discover that one was named Irene.

This had been a couple of years before her passing, February half term. I remember having felt slightly absurd as I'd sat in my car at the end of that terraced street, like some gum-chewing American TV detective on a stake out. Those handful of people with whom I'd ever felt intimite enough to share the fact of my adopted state had always urged me to try tracing my biological mother. I think they believed it might somehow reconnect me to the world, recalibrate my emotional settings so they were more in line with everybody else's. I might have humoured them from time to time, promised to have a look into it, but the truth was that the idea had never appealed to me. For one thing, I had always been led to believe that the known details surrounding my birth were simply too vague and incomplete, that the chances of success were close to zero. For a second, and much more importantly, I'd spent my entire life trying to create an identity for myself and thus couldn't contemplate the idea of finding out that I wasn't who I thought I was. Not simply Mary Rice, primary school headmistress, but Mary Rice, daughter of a World War Two Land Girl. Mary Rice, centre of some war-shadowed episode of personal tragedy. Mary Rice, progeny of not just a real flesh-and-blood mother but of a real flesh-and-blood father too.



As I'd watched the figure click open the front gate that February afternoon, shopping trolley trailing behind her, I couldn't help but feel a sudden heart thud of excitement however. She'd been taller than I might have imagined, a certain innate elegance to her stride. The right age, yes, and as she'd drawn closer the delineation of her features had seemed somehow familiar - the same high forehead and slanted cheekbones which were reflected there in the bathroom mirror each morning. On some primal, instinctive level, I'd just known: this was the woman who'd brought me into the world. Had married one of the farmer's sons, carved out a life for herself right there in the south Lincolnshire fens.

I'd watched as she'd slowly disappeared round the corner, then headed back south...

It hadn't been until the following Easter holidays, almost two months later, that I'd finally summoned the courage to make my way back up the A1 and press a tentative finger to the doorbell.

Undoubtedly it had only been a matter of seconds, but it had seemed much longer. The wait before the door had finally shuddered open. Long enough, I remember, to wonder if it might not be better all around if I made a dash back to the cover of the car, leave Irene confronted by an empty doorstep like the victim of some annoying, puerile prank. Two or three doors down to my right a neighbour had appeared - a woman of around my own age guiding what must have been either a grandson or nephew towards the small playpark on the other side of the street. There had been a mute nod of hello as she'd passed, her curiosity evident in the lingering gaze. At eighty years of age, Irene Harvey's house callers were, I supposed, both few and adherent to established routines.

But then, suddenly, the door had inched open, half a wrinkled face visible behind the tautened chain.

"Hello. Who is it?"

The words I was going to say had of course been well-rehearsed, repeated over and over in my mind like a mantra, but now that the moment had arrived I found myself struggling to remember them.

"Mrs Harvey... I think that you might... well, that you might be..."

The door had closed, then slowly opened once more, the chain this time unlatched. And there she was before me - half a metre away, within arm's reach. Thin lips gradually crooking upwards at each corner like the slow beatific kindling of a summer's dawn.

"Oh yes love, I know who you are ."

*

There are certain people, I know, who wouldn't dream of eating out alone. People who would simply be unable to bear the perceived shame of being so friendless, so socially outcast, that they had no-one to dine with. And yes, during my twenties it was a situation which would sting even that most solitary and self-reliant of hearts which resides there in my chest. It's an ignominy which over the course of the decades I've managed to overcome however, as much through base necessity as anything else. When you're both unmarried and in your working environment find yourself in an aloof position of power, there's very rarely going to be anyone on the other side of the table with whom to dicuss menu options.

As I trudged away from the church on that sad, drizzle-spitting eve of my mother's funeral, it wasn't so much hunger which compelled me to look for somewhere to eat, more a sense of obbligation. The next twenty-four hours, I sensed, would be draining - emotionally as well as physically. I needed to keep my strength up.

Though Ravensby boasted the usual small town smattering of Indian, Chinese and Italian restaurants, it was still too early for any of them to be open. On the corner of the main central crossroads I however came across one of those chain pubs which serve food. Cheap and cheerful, but would have to suffice.

I ordered penne and tomato sauce, a glass of Merlot to wash it down with. It was as I was waiting for the food to arrive that I found my attention grabbed by the upside-down front page headline of the local newspaper which had been discarded at the adjoining table.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Mildly intrigued, I slid the paper across, flipped it the right way round. The half-page photo, shot through a wire diamond of a perimeter fence, showed a crumbling cluster of half-cylinder huts in the shadow of a water tower.

Familiar, yes...

My eyes quickly flitted over the column of text beside.

Military identification tags were this morning unearthed by County Scene of Crime officers investigating last Friday's gruesome discovery of human remains on a building site at the edge of Northdyke.

Military identification tags were this morning unearthed by County Scene of Crime officers investigating last Friday's gruesome discovery of human remains on a building site at the edge of Northdyke. The site, formerly a POW camp accommodating Italian prisoners, will see the construction of 72 new homes. Surveyor Michael Price, 43, from Boston, gave the alarm after spotting a skeletal hand sticking out from the mound of earth in the mouth of a passing digger.

The site, formerly a POW camp accommodating Italian prisoners, will see the construction of 72 new homes. Surveyor Michael Price, 43, from Boston, gave the alarm after spotting a skeletal hand sticking out from the mound of earth in the mouth of a passing digger. " My line of work," Mr Price commented, "you get used to all manner of things being dug out the ground. Never a human skeleton though. Quite a shock, I can tell you."

My line of work," Mr Price commented, "you get used to all manner of things being dug out the ground. Never a human skeleton though. Quite a shock, I can tell you." Detective Inspector Kubic of Ravensby CID was unsurprised by this morning's development. "Given the location of the discovery and the dates of a number of coins found in the vicinity, the most probable scenario is that we are dealing with one of the Italian prisoners. Hopefully these tags will help us be able to confirm that."

Detective Inspector Kubic of Ravensby CID was unsurprised by this morning's development. "Given the location of the discovery and the dates of a number of coins found in the vicinity, the most probable scenario is that we are dealing with one of the Italian prisoners. Hopefully these tags will help us be able to confirm that." Italian authorities have already been informed. If able to trace a surviving relative, it might be possible to run a DNA match using tissue taken from the bone marrow of the remains.

Italian authorities have already been informed. If able to trace a surviving relative, it might be possible to run a DNA match using tissue taken from the bone marrow of the remains. Even if positively identified, Inspector Kubic holds little hope that the macabre mystery will ever be resolved however. "We and our Italian colleagues will certainly look into it, but given the number of years which have passed a chief investigating officer has to make sensible decisions regarding the best use of police resources."

Even if positively identified, Inspector Kubic holds little hope that the macabre mystery will ever be resolved however. "We and our Italian colleagues will certainly look into it, but given the number of years which have passed a chief investigating officer has to make sensible decisions regarding the best use of police resources." Retired teacher and local historian John Simmons, 69, of Croxley, has been assisting police with their investigations. "Camp 106a was set up in the spring of 1943,", he told the Echo, "principally to provide manpower for the local sugar beet harvest."

Retired teacher and local historian John Simmons, 69, of Croxley, has been assisting police with their investigations. "Camp 106a was set up in the spring of 1943,", he told the Echo, "principally to provide manpower for the local sugar beet harvest." The I.D tags consist of two small metal plaques bearing personal details. Their owner is named as Vincenzo D'Ambra, born in 1923 in the town of Punto San Giacomo in the southern Italian region of Puglia.

The I.D tags consist of two small metal plaques bearing personal details. Their owner is named as Vincenzo D'Ambra, born in 1923 in the town of Punto San Giacomo in the southern Italian region of Puglia. That final line came like a punch to the stomach. A hand around my throat.

Vincenzo D'Ambra was my father.





Chapter Three


Plot reminder: Whilst in Lincolnshire to attend her biological mother's funeral, Mary is shocked to discover that the remains of her father - an Italian prisoner of war - have recently been unearthed in a local field .

Plot reminder: Whilst in Lincolnshire to attend her biological mother's funeral, Mary is shocked to discover that the remains of her father - an Italian prisoner of war - have recently been unearthed in a local field ~~~~~



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. This is the pencilled annotation on the back of the oldest surviving photograph of my mother. It's almost as if her life had started there in the backyard of the Harvey farmhouse, hers the rightmost of the three smiling, youthful figures. From the low slant of the sun, the visible shoulder straps of their regulation smocks and a certain moist grubbiness to their faces, it's clear the shot was taken at the end of a long working day. Her future father-in-law, she'd wryly grinned on more than one occasion, would have had them out there in the middle of the night had he only been able to rig up some damn floodlights.

Without intending any disrespect to Ivy or Betty, it's fair to say that my mother was by some margin the prettiest of the three. There's something classical to the set of her features, yet at the same time the cheek dimple dug out by her smile adds a disarming touch of girlishness. Having lied to officials about her age, she was at the time still several months shy of the requisite Land Girl minimum of nineteen.

She'd had more reason than most to do her bit for the war effort. Her native Liverpool had been and still continued to be the most heavily bombed British city after the capital, a blitz which had accounted for her mother and two younger siblings. Her elder brother hadn't made it back across the Channel from Dunkirk; the last she'd heard her father had been captured in Borneo, and reports were already beginning to filter through back home of the brutality of the Japanese camps. For few the war would come at a greater cost than it had for Irene Brennan.

Yet even in the midst of all this personal tragedy, even despite the long hours and back-breaking toil, the spring and summer of 1943 were, by her own admission, the happiest days of her life. Partly it was the fresh, country air, partly the comradeship of her fellow Land Girls. Mostly though, the reason for her newfound contentedness had a name: Vincenzo D'Ambra.

She'd endeavoured to tell me as much as she could of course, but with no photograph to prompt her memory she'd been unable to summon any kind of unified image of his face. Couldn't even remember the precise colour of his eyes, just the curve of his upper lids, the slight downward slant of his brows - both tracts she claimed I'd inherired from him.

Something he most definitely hadn't passed on to me however were his artistic abilities. These were evidenced in the sketch Irene had shown me - a small yellowing sheet of paper, dangerously fragile along its central fold, which had borne a skillful ink sketch of the same coyly smiling beauty who stood alongside Ivy and Betty in the photograph. Featuring as it did both date and brief romantic dedication, the sketch had for the duration of her married life been stowed inside the Brennan family bible, one of the tragically few possessions she'd carried with her from Liverpool to Lincolnshire. Stanley Harvery hadn't been the most devout of Christians, it seemed, and the bible had been the one place he was unlikely to have ever come across it.

hadn't

In addition to the sketch was the end wall of the communal Nissen hut which my father, along with a small team of assistants, had decorated with religious imagery as a backdrop to the camp's ad hoc Catholic altar. Though Irene had never seen the mural in person, there was a coffee table book of local history wedged in amongst the titles of her bookcase which had featured a photograph. Judging from the figure there framed dispensing transubstantiation to a kneeling member of the congregation, the shot had been taken at some point while the camp was still active. Though monochrome and not quite in focus, the celestial swirl of cherubims and apostles behind the priest's shoulders is clearly impressive.

Given the life Irene had hitherto led, it's not difficult to imagine the effect a handsome, sensitive foreigner would have had on her. That romantically, sexually, my father had represented the pinnacle of her life. Nor is it difficult to imagine the sheer freefalling abyss of heartbreak she must have fallen into that Monday morning in early-September when neither he nor any of his comrades had appeared out in the fields, having been entirely replaced by another group of Italians without warning the day before.

Yes, there'd always been something strange about that, she'd told me. What sense was there in moving the men on in September? The busiest month of the agricultural calendar, right slap bang in the middle of the sugar beet harvest.

*

The fried breakfast - a sadly rare indulgence - is for me the only redeeming aspect of staying in a B & B, but on the morning of Irene's funeral it was all I could manage to force a single slice of toast down my throat. I'd counted three, maximum four hours' sleep that night - a fact evident in the grey, raddled face which had peered back at me from the mirror of the en suite bathroom. There'd been too much racing through my head, a deafening buzz of cerebral neurons.

Tracing my father as I had my mother was an idea I'd never really entertained. For one thing, other than his name and home region, Irene had been unable to provide any helpful details. Much more importantly, I was far from convinced that, even if still alive and traceable, some clumsy, bolt-out-of-the-blue approach would have done either of us any good. Unlike Irene - who once tearfully assured me that not a single day of her life had passed without her thinking of me, praying for me - the man had been completely and blissfully unaware of my existence. An emotional connection isn't something which can be invented as suddenly as finger-click. Not an electrical appliance which one simply plugs in and then presses the on button. In all probability the old man would have only resented me for having disrupted his life, and I in turn would have resented him for resenting me.

him So no, whilst learning that my biological father had been an Italian POW was certainly interesting - explained at least what many people over the years have described as my 'Mediterranean' looks - I'd never had any desire to push matters further.

Despite my nocturnal tossings and turnings, the full significance of the previous evening's news was as yet unclear. What was clear however was that things had changed now, that even though I'd never met the man I was inextricably dutibound to him. The poor soul had died tragically young in what appeared to be the most suspicious of circumstances. How was any daughter supposed to just shrug their shoulders to something like that?

was *

The coffee in the self-service urn at the B & B proving undrinkable, I headed out a little earlier than I'd planned, ducked into the first decent-looking cafe I could find. Double espresso, no sugar or milk. I needed to wake up, needed the caffeine slap around the face. Maybe it was the Italian in me.

It was there, perched on a stool at the window ledge looking out on the smalltown scurry, that I extracted Nokia from my pocket, made the two calls I'd spent much of the previous night deliberating whether I should make or not.

should

The first was to John Simmonds, the local historian named in the Echo article who'd been assisting police and whose number I'd scribbled down from the phone book in the entrance hall of the B & B. A polite and accommodating type, we agreed to meet late-morning. Rather than any sense of my being a nuisance, he actually seemed somewhat relieved. "There had been dark mutterings from Mrs Simmonds about a trip to Ikea," he explained. "Some new shelving for the pantry. Looks like you've saved my hide Miss Rice."

The second call was to the newsroom of the Ravensby Evening Echo. In contrast to Simmonds, the responding voice this time was a little gruff, unwelcoming, as if the squeal of the phone had broken his concentration.

"I was hoping to speak to your crime correspondent," I began.

"Crime correspondent! Must be getting us mixed up with a proper paper. Just the two of us here at the Echo. Me and the editor."

Fair enough, I would rephrase myself. "Well okay, was hoping to speak to whichever of you's covering the Northdyke remains then."

"That'd be me." His tone became a little warmer. "What can I do for you?"

"My name's Mary Rice, freelance journalist. Interesting angle potentially, this Italian POW thing. Editor of the Sunday Times magazine has asked me to have a look in to it, see if I can tie it in with a more general piece about camp conditions and public attitudes, that sort of thing."

The exact same lie I'd spun John Simmonds two minutes earlier.

The Echo guy was impressed. "Sunday Times no less! Blimey." I wasn't the sort of person who had much of a problem with lying when need dictated - a symptom, perhaps, of my entire existence being based on deceit - and was only glad he seemed to be falling for it.

"Hoped you might be able to spare me five minutes. Help me fill in some of the basic details."

He duly proceeded to walk me through the salient facts, most of which I already knew from the previous day's report. A couple of times I asked him to clarify or repeat things, as if scribbling down notes.

"What time was it?" I asked finally. "When the surveyor spotted the bones."

"Some time early afternoon, after the chap's lunchbreak. We got the call around half past two. Too late for our print deadline unfortunately. Had to wait till Saturday to run with it."

This surprised me. "So very few people in the Ravensby area would have known about it until Saturday afternoon?"

"There's BBC Lincs too. Biggest story in the county that day, without question. I imagine they'd have been able to put something together in time for the three o'clock bulletin. Four at the latest."

I watched as a first spot of drizzle splattered against the window in front of me, a score of others following in quick succession. Out on the street people were fiddling with their umbrellas, diving into the shelter of doorways. Perfect day for a funeral, yes.

"Tell you the latest if you like," he offered. It was only after two or three moments of ensuing silence that I realised I was supposed to offer something in return.

"What's your name?" I asked.

"George Shreeves. Assistant editor."

Assistant editor . Wasn't that a little self-aggrandising, I reflected, considering he'd said there were only two of them? Clearly, he was the sort of man who enjoyed whatever faint glow of limelight he was able to shove his way into.

Assistant editor "See if I can name-check you in the article somewhere," I promised.

This seemed to do the trick. "The carabinieri have found a younger brother," he informed me.

Interesting, decidedly so. "We got a name?"

"Salvatore. Still lives in the same town where they grew up. Punto San-whatever."

"Giacomo," I offered, for precision's sake. There was a bookcase in the breakfast room of the B & B; amongst the dog-eared paperbacks former guests had left behind, I'd also found a guidebook to Italy. Located deep in the heel, Adriatic side, the one paragraph entry for Punto San Giacomo had described it as 'a picturesque fishing village worthy of a half-day visit.'

"Will take a couple of days I expect," Shreeves continued. "You know, all the lab business." There was an audible squelch - a quick slurp on his tea mug perhaps. "Don't expect it'll come to much, even if they get a positive I.D. Looks like Inspector Kubič can't be bothered with it for one." I recalled the quote from yesterday's article, about how chief investigating officers have to make 'sensible' decisions regarding resources. "Can't really blame him I suppose. We are talking sixty odd years ago, after all. Anyone who was there at the time'll either be dead or in their eighties at least." Far from an enticing prospect for investigating authorities, no. "Still, makes you wonder though, doesn't it? What the hell happened all those years ago."

are "Indeed," I concurred. A study in understatement.

"Shreeves," he reminded me as we said our goodbyes. "George."

No, I promised, I wouldn't forget.

*

As I stepped back out onto the street, the precipitation had thickened to the point that it could be described as bonafide rain rather than just heavy drizzle. I barely noticed however, cared little as to what effect my umbrella-less state would have on my hair. My mind was racing once more, turbo charged by the caffeine, by the confirmation George Shreeves had just unwittingly provided.

Though the conversation had been a brief and curtailed one, the voice I'd taken to be Irene's son-in-law on the other end of the line the previous lunchtime had in fact provided some very specific details... Friday afternoon...in front of the TV...next-door neighbour heard Ginger whining for her tea ... Irene hadn't been one of those sorts of elderly people to just sit passively in front of the gogglebox all day, only turning it on when there was something specific she wanted to watch. Apart from our shared passion for Colombo and Poirot and Inspector Morse, her regular viewing schedule included a late-afternoon gameshow she was particularly fond of. This, I knew, aired from 4 to 4.30, after which she would struggle herself from armchair and scoop half a tin of Whiskas into Ginger's bowl. For the TV to have been on and the cat not to have been yet fed, her fading from consciousness, the final sluggish beat of her heart, must therefore have occurred at some point during that thirty minute timeframe. Given her advancing years, I doubt that the attending coroner had conducted more than the most cursory of examinations, his or her conclusion inevitable: she'd gone the way we would all wish to go. Death by natural causes. Peacefully, in her sleep.

Friday afternoon...in front of the TV...next-door neighbour heard Ginger whining for her tea Of all the tens of thousands of days which had passed since my father's lifeless body had been buried in the fenland soil, it was already pushing the realms of credibility that he should finally be discovered on the very same which saw my mother's sad passing. The odds that this latter fact should occur within two hours of former - within as little as an hour of the news being made public - I would estimate at something approaching a million to one.

No, that initial dark suspicion had now become a black certainty. Somehow, and for whatever reason, someone had ensured my mother's silence.

~~~~~





Chapter Four


Plot reminder: Following her conversation with a local journalist, Mary is convinced that there is a link between her biological mother's death and the unearthing of her father's remains .

Plot reminder: Following her conversation with a local journalist, Mary is convinced that there is a link between her biological mother's death and the unearthing of her father's remains ~~~~~

That first encounter with my mother back in April 2005 had been an intensely emotional experience, needless to say; in some ways, perhaps even more so for her than for myself. I remember the glint of the gas fire reflected in her moist eyes, these directed at the rivulets of drizzle running down the front window; remember too the cracked strain to her voice, the long reflective silences as she struggled to formulate the next sentence. The cat, Ginger, had jumped up into her lap; a liver-spotted hand had proceeded to sweep back and forth along its furry back, ever faster as the story progressed. I kept telling her that an explanation wasn't necessary. Wasn't what I'd traced her for. That I'd both understood her reasons for abandoning me and forgiven her many, many decades ago. But she'd insisted anyway; more for her own benefit, I believe, than for mine. The telling of her story seemed to represent a personal catharsis for her, a firm jet of water sprayed to the grubbiest corners of her conscience.

It had been early October 1943, four or five weeks after the last time she'd seen my father, that the bottom had fallen out of her world with the discovery of her pregnancy. Staunch Catholic that she was - her mother and paternal grandfather had both been Irish immigrants - the idea of an abortion was an anathema. With all of her immediate family having been swept away by the storm of war, and with only a few shillings of savings to her name, it was equally untenable that she would be able to bring the baby up herself. Mrs Harvey, the farmer's wife, had been an old hand at tending to pregnant ewes and heifers and bitches; wasn't afraid of a bit of blood, no, and the basic fundamentals, she'd felt sure, were similar to all mammals. It had been her suggestion that Irene continue to work for as long as she could, then when the birth neared they would set her up in the eldest son's room - he away at the front - where she would be both private yet only a hoarse cry away across the landing. And then, afterwards... Well, they would hand the baby over to some unfortunate couple. Respectable, well-to-do. The best thing all round, for the baby most of all.

Of the birth Irene remembered little; Mr Harvey's homemade sloe gin - a most powerful anaesthetic - had seen to that. She recalled only that I'd been a couple of weeks premature, that it had happened during a blackout and that the whole thing had been surprisingly quick. Upon discovering the baby's sex, she'd told Mrs Harvey that the name was Mary, like the Holy Mother. Mary . Unlike whatever sum of money it was which would change hands, this was non-negotiable.

Mary The handover was effectuated two days later as Irene had been taking an afternoon recovery nap.

"The Harveys had thought it better that way."

At this point during the telling of her story Irene had finally turned her eyes from window, looked at me directly. Her gaze pleading, profoundly pained. The first of a subsequent flood of tears had spilled out onto cheek.

"Just woke up and you were gone. They didn't even let me kiss you goodbye."

*

My half-sister Agnes looked different to the photos I'd been shown. Maybe it was the shorter hairstyle she now sported. Or perhaps it was the sheer weight of her grief - a great compressing force pushing down on her and sideways at her, making her seem somehow slighter, much more frail, than I had imagined. Five years my junior, but as she struggled to find her voice there above us at the pine lectern, it was she who seemed the elder.

"My mother... She was such a... Such a..." Her voice rode some high, unsustainable octave, the tears a glistening smear across her face.

I'd registered her immediately upon entering the church - the forlorn figure aisle-side of the front right pew, her husband's arm around her, whispering something in her ear. Reassurance, encouragement. The pointless platitudes of those not bound by blood.



She and Roger weren't the only figures amongst the impressive turnout to morph from the familiar two dimensions of Irene's photograph collection into breathing, tangible human beings. On the other side of the aisle was Agnes' brother, Matthew; he dry-eyed but silent and reflective, head motionless. Beside him sat the elegant figure of his wife whose name I couldn't quite recall. Next to her, the two university-aged offspring, their name tags similarly blank. Then on the row behind, I could make out a pinkish dome brushed over with sparse grey wisps of hair: Peter, the youngest and last surviving of the three Harvey brothers.

"My mother..." Agnes continued to struggle. "Irene... She was... Was so..."

As a fish is so spitefully pulled from its aquatic home into the toxic air beyond, so too the death of a loved one in a finger-click can drag a human being from the safe environment of everything we've ever known to the unbreathable atmosphere of grief and uncertainty. We strain. We thrash. We flounder.

"Oh God, I'm sorry." There was a deep breath, trying so bravely and desperately to recompose herself. It was to no avail however, a fresh tidalwave of tears once more washing over her.

As an assistant in her husband's hardware shop, I don't imagine she'd had much experience in public speaking. In standing there before an ocean of expectant eyes and delivering the words which needed to be delivered. For me, as a school headmisrress, it was as much a part of my job as interviewing candidates for vacant posts or making final budget decisions. Not just the weekly banality of school assemblies, the umpteenth retelling of some tired moral fable. There were those much more difficult occasions too when the words weren't simply beamed across some slick mental autocue, but had to be fought for. Gasped at, dragged from where they hid in darkness. The memorial service for a colleague who'd taken her own life. Or that other time - the little blond-haired boy in Year Two who, in his excitement at the sight of his grandfather across the road from the school gates at final bell, ran right under wheels of a passing plumber's van...

Miss Ice, yes. But hell, it was a difficult trick to pull off sometimes.

I wanted so much to help her, that grief-drowned figure there at the lectern. Put my arm around her, tell her that it didn't matter. That I'd find them for her, all those words she was looking for.

I'd I couldn't though. Was forced to remain seated there in the back row, as anonymous as a fly which had chanced in through an opened window.

*

Unlike the first photograph - the one with her two Land Girl companions, Ivy and Betty - the second oldest surviving shot of my mother was devoid of annotation, the date and identity of its subjects clear. Framed at the centre of a swarm of jubilant, beer-swilling faces outside The King's Head in Northdyke were she and Stanley Harvey. The latter - in whose bedroom I had been born almost exactly a year earlier - sported full military uniform and the biggest, most beaming smile of all, like a man whose only real ambition in life had just been fulfilled. His right arm is hidden beneath my mother's back, hand emerging at her shoulder, clutching it tightly as if he never intended to let go. The 8th of May, 1945: Victory in Europe. The same day that he'd got down on one knee and proposed.

The gesture in itself had constituted a minor act of heroism. The shrapnel wound which had ended his war three months earlier and subsequent bone graft operation had rendered any bending of the left leg a white hot sear of pain; even decades later, the simple acts of walking or sitting down were to remain sources of considerable discomfort. As Irene herself had admitted, it would have taken a particularly heartless woman to have said no.

The pair had in fact first met two years earlier, the April of '43, her arrival at the Harvey farmhouse coinciding with one of Stanley's rare periods of home leave. A kind and considerate young man, a mutual affection hadn't taken long to blossom - so much so that, upon his return to service the following June, Irene had taken it upon herself to write him weekly letters. It was a common occurrence, apparently, for an unattached young woman to play the role of 'virtual sweetheart' to a serviceman, even if true romantic interest was lacking. Helped with morale, and thus - much like the honey-voiced songs of Vera Lynne - could be considered part of the war effort. My mother was happy to oblige.

Happy too she must have been when he returned home permanently in what were by then the dying embers of the war, though I have often wondered to what extent their marriage was based on mutual convenience rather than mutual passion. He, to all intents and purposes, a cripple; she, barely twenty but already with enough pain and suffering in her past to have lasted multiple lifetimes. Yet whatever the physcological fabric of their union, it was one which lasted the full course. She had always spoken of him fondly; had, in her own words, cried herself dry when a cardiac arrest had taken him away just before the turn of the millennium. That the man had been a model husband and father I have no doubt.

My half-sister Agnes had arrived in '49, three years after their wedding; my half-brother, Matthew, two years later. The events of '43-'44 would never be mentioned in their presence; not by Irene or Stanley themselves, nor by the grandparents or the two uncles, Douglas and Peter. Irene had insisted on it. Insisted too that I maintain my own silence, even after her death. She had had her reasons, though I can't say I properly understood them. Hadn't wanted to taint her offsprings' memory of her, I suppose. A matter of perception. Of her perception of their perception. I'm sure, had someone sat Agnes and Matthew down and explained things calmly and with the requisite detail, they'd have both understood just as readily as I myself had.

her their A promise is a promise though. I would just have to proceed anonymously with this thing, whatever it was or might become.

*

It was her brother who rescued Agnes in the end, escorted her gently back down the lectern steps, guided her to the vacant space there on the front pew. He who, making his way back up the steps, gulped down a deep, preparatory breath. Opened his mouth, let the words spill and tumble forth.

As with Agnes moments earlier, it represented my first chance to study him properly, square on. My perception was confirmed that, contrary to his sister, the facial contours were more his mother's rather than father's cast. A handsome man, yes, his attractiveness heightened by the full head of salt and pepper hair, a still lithe figure.

He'd got the hell out of Ravensby as soon as he could. University, a spell living and working abroad: Spain, Dubai, New Zealand. Back in his motherland, he'd co-founded a successful architect's studio somewhere in the Surrey commuter belt. Oh, how Irene had burst with pride at the merest mention of his name.

And although his words up there at the lectern were articulate and well-considered - outlining for any of the gathered who might not have been aware the salient facts of Irene Harvey's life, the defining traits of her personality - my attention was as wavering as some back row Year 6 scallywag during assembly. I was fidgety, my neck constantly girating left, right, ahead, back again.

Poison .

Poison . Irene had almost without doubt been poisoned.

Something swift-working, reliably lethal, had been splashed into her afternoon cuppa. Cyanide, botox, arsenic. Some composite cocktail thereof.

There clearly had been no signs of forced entry. Her killer must therefore been known to her, waltzed straight on in through the front door.

In all probability was seated somewhere in my midst, a fellow silent listener beneath the lectern.

~~~~~





Chapter Five




Plot reminder: Having promised Irene not to reveal her existence to her half-sister and brother, Mary is unable to share in the family's grief and is forced to proceed with investigations alone, feigning to be a journalist. In a previous chapter she described her arrangements to meet with an expert on local history who has been helping police with their investigations.



Plot reminder: Having promised Irene not to reveal her existence to her half-sister and brother, Mary is unable to share in the family's grief and is forced to proceed with investigations alone, feigning to be a journalist. In a previous chapter she described her arrangements to meet with an expert on local history who has been helping police with their investigations. ~~~~~

I've never been one for fairytales. For bloated myths and legends. Neither did I have any great desire to see my mother's coffin lowered into the same fenland soil which for more than 60 years had enveloped my father. As the priest offered transubstantiation to those of the congregation thus inclined, I made my discreet exit, snuck back out into the rain. There was my appointment with the local history expert John Simmonds to keep.

The short journey out towards Northdyke was a route I'd taken once before, eighteen months earlier following one of my visits to Irene. The B-road was a thin treacherous thread lined on either side by more or less continual ditches, the fields it traversed little changed, I suspected, from 1943. Green lines of sugar beet shoots in the main, military straight, the passing perspective creating a rolling loop of diagonals. Though still two or three months short of harvest, I could almost picture the teenage Irene stooped there alongside the other Land Girls, the animated figures of the Italians scattered all around.

Camp 106a had been located half a mile from the western fringe of the village. My visit there, I remember, had proved disappointing. Though the perimeter barb had for obvious reasons of public safety long since been removed, the replacement fence had been quite some distance - a hundred metres perhaps - from the tight cluster of huts it had encircled. The numerous rusted 'Keep Out' signs seemed to have had limited effect with the local youth, this judging from the smashed windows and braindead spray-can graffiti. Indeed, there had been a gaping tear in one section of the fence - work, clearly, of a voraciously applied wire-cutter. The temptation to squeeze myself through, have a good peek around, had been a strong one. It hadn't so much been the risk of ripping my raincoat or scratching the back of my hand which had held me back, more the potential ignominy of me, a near-retirement-aged primary school headmistress, being caught trespassing in what had still officially been the off-limits property of the British government.

Given the viewing distance, it had been difficult therefore to get a sense of the place, for my mind to animate it with the voice-booming latin comraderie which had once echoed throughout its confines. Through the dreary winter mist, it had even seemed foreboding, somehow sinister. As if on some subconscious level I had already been able to perceive the dark atrocity which had taken place there.

*

The scene which awaited me on the morning of my mother's funeral was markedly different. Gone were the huts, the surrounding fence. All hint of the site's historical significance.

Instead, I was faced by a sort of muddy moonscape, one churned by snaking binaries of tyre tracks, the various diggers and loaders which were dotted around the site standing idle. In front of a small copse of ash trees over on the lefthand side was a portacabin, its padlocked door further evidence of forced cessation of work. The reason was evident: towards the centre of the expanse stood two white scene of crime tents approximately thirty metres apart. The figure of a forensics officer could seen trudging between the two, boots raised high to counter the down-sucking mud.

"Place had always fascinated me," John Simmonds explained, glancing across at me as we surveyed the scene. "Ever since I was kid."

He'd unfolded himself from his car moments earlier, extended a firm handshake of greeting as I'd pulled up at the edge of the site, offered me partial shelter beneath his umbrella. Despite his advancing years, he retained still half a head of silvery hair, a youthful bounce to his stride. As a retired teacher I would under normal circumstances have enjoyed swapping classroom anecdotes with him, sharing a head-shaking lament on the deterioration of educational standards over recent decades. I had to remind myself that I was playing at being a freelance journalist however, had to feign a purely professional level of interest in the case.



"Used to cycle out here," he continued, voice raised above the drum of the rain on the umbrella. "You know, just wander around the huts, try to imagine what it had been like. Not so difficult really for a resourceful young boy to shimmy himself over the perimeter fence. Wasn't just the altar that grabbed me, it was the graffiti. It was everywhere - pencilled onto the walls, carved into doorways. All those strange, elegant-looking words. Got hold of an Italian dictionary once, looked some of 'em up. The meanings weren't always quite so elegant, I can tell you." There was a smile: easy, pleasant. "And the doodles! Oh my goodness. Must have learnt more about the birds and bees from those Italian POWs than I did from anyone else."

His attention was then taken by the figure which had now emerged from the larger of the two forensic tents, was ducking himself back under the police tape in front of us. A thickset man in his late-thirties, there was something both boyish and somehow rugged to his face, a combination which brought to mind the American actor Robert Mitchum. Black hair flattened by the rain, shoes and trouser bottoms caked in mud, he was the very image of wet and miserable. It was difficult to believe it was supposed to be June.

"Forgot your umbrella inspector," Simmonds commented.

The man was the chief investigating officer, I could only presume. D.I Kubič.

"Gust of wind did for it," came the doleful reply, one accompanied by a curious glance over in my direction.

Simmonds provided a dutiful introduction, the word 'journalist' seeming to propel the inspector even more quickly towards the shelter of his car, like a mouse sighting a cat. Clearly, media relations wasn't an aspect of his job which he particularly relished. Neither, I imagined, was trudging across muddy fields to pore over human remains.

"Any new developments inspector?" I called after him. As a pushy journalist, I was quite convincing.

Throwing himself into his car, he let out a relieved exhale that he was finally out of the rain. Somewhat grudgingly it seemed, he then lowered driver's window. "They've found another couple of coins. Makes a pound and eight shillings now in total."

Two more , I thought to myself. There were two more shilling coins buried somewhere beneath that soil.

Two more "Might not sound much to our ears," the inspector continued, "but Mr Simmonds here informs me it was the equivalent of a hundred quid or so today." The Robert Mitchum face briefly turned away as he fumbled key into ignition. "Makes you wonder, doesn't it? Why the hell was a prisoner of war carrying so much money around in his pocket?" Reversing several metres, the inspector spun the wheel towards the road which led back to Ravensby. "Nick on one of the ribs is consistent with a knife injury. Either that or the toothmark of some hungry damn animal." His shoulders jerked into a shrug. "Take your pick." I felt my insides lurch with nausea. "Oh, and in the interests of journalistic accuracy, you might be interested to know my surname's Czechoslovakian. There's one of those funny squiggles over the last letter. A softener. Kubitch not Kubick . "

Kubitch Kubick And with that he was gone, a ripping blare of exhaust.

"Well, no point standing here in the rain," Simmonds announced once the rural quiet was restored. "How about you follow me into the village? I'll show you where they put that altar mural."

The safe removal of the wall had been part of the construction company's land purchase agreement, he'd earlier informed me over the phone. It was currently being displayed in the village church, awaiting an executive decision from the National Trust.

He took a step away, umbrella held high as if to indicate that he would shelter me towards my car. I stayed rooted a moment however, peered through the rain one last time at the scene before us. "I was just wondering why there are two tents."

At this he scrunched face into a grimace. "Poor sod got a bit mashed up I'm afraid. One's where he always was. The other's where the digger dropped its load.'

In the most sombre of silences, we then began picking our way through the puddles towards my Renault.

*

Though the village of Northdyke is a mostly unremarkable sort of place, the parish church of St Luke's is pretty enough - a grey-stoned Anglo-Saxon affair with castellated tower. As the two of us quick-footed it along the graveyard path, the drum of rain ever harder against his umbrella, Simmonds sought to explain the logistical nightmare which had been the removal of the mural to its new home - a hellish to-do involving cranes, winches and all manner of cobbled together rollers and pulley systems. An expert had come up from London to oversee the operation, one they'd planned to pay through charitable donations. In the end he'd been so taken by the whole project that he'd given his time for free.

Upon pushing open the heavy church door, it immediately became apparent why. Propped against what was obviously a purpose-built wooden frame towards the back of the church, it was the first focus of a visitor's eye - a colourful splash of Catholic ostentation amidst all that bare Protestant grey. Much like my first visit to Stonehenge on a class trip as a young teacher, it was a little smaller than I had imagined, its condition more weathered, but was no less impressive for all that, the whole thing so majestic in its sweep and ambition. Uppermost of the figures was a light-haloed Jesus, his apostles assembled six to each side, their serene, collective gaze turned towards the cherubim-swirled firmament above. Though completely ignorant in matters of art, to my eyes it wouldn't have looked out of place in even the grandest of Catholic churches.

"The Geneva Convention allowed for ten-hour working days, six days a week," Simmonds explained beside me. "There's little doubt the authorities made 'em toil every last minute of it. Not much free time left for painting. Not much energy left for it either I shouldn't wonder. Then there were materials at the artist's disposition."

The artist , I thought... They didn't know then. Those smashed up bones they'd found, it was the same prisoner who'd painted the altar.

The artist "Not like he could just nip down to the nearest art shop," Simmonds continued, "buy himself a few tubes of oil paint. Had to make his own - natural dyes mixed with oil from tinned sardines, we believe. Would no doubt have roped some of his fellow prisoners into lending a hand, but even so, all quite an enterprise. The altar itself would gave been decorated by crosses made of wooden objects found in Red Cross parcels and candlesticks fashioned from Bully Beef tins."

My father , a voice was whispering in my mind. It was my father who created this. I was forced to suck down a breath, suppress the rising tide of emotion. Standing there in front of his life's masterpiece, it served to make it all seem so much more real somehow. His DNA which was stamped into my every cell. The brutal manner of his premature passing. Both my connection and obbligation to the man.

My father It was my father who created this. It was in that moment that I truly steeled myself. Swore a silent oath not just to myself but also to him. Whatever it took, and in whatever small measure the passing of time might now allow, Vincenzo D'Ambra would receive justice.

Those staring celestial faces of Jesus and his apostles, they seemed to ordain it somehow.

~~~~~





Chapter Six




Plot reminder: After a brief encounter with Inspector Kubič at the former site of camp 106a, Mary and local historian John Simmonds are now inspecting the painted mural which has been transferred to the village church. One of the case details which emerged in the previous chapter are the shilling coins which have been unearthed in the vicinity of the remains .



Plot reminder: After a brief encounter with Inspector Kubič at the former site of camp 106a, Mary and local historian John Simmonds are now inspecting the painted mural which has been transferred to the village church. One of the case details which emerged in the previous chapter are the shilling coins which have been unearthed in the vicinity of the remains ~~~~~

Stooping myself down towards the bottom right corner of the mural, I squinted eyes in close inspection. Unable to locate what I was looking for, I then repeated the manouevre on the lefthand side. Still nothing. No proud capitalised initials or brush-stroked flourish of a name.

"Can't find a signature," I remarked, straightening myself up beside Simmonds once more.

"That's because there isn't one," came the simple reply.

It was his turn now to stoop down a little, a swept hand indicating the bottom-most members of the apostolic semi-circle - three on the left, two on the right. "If you look closely at these figures here, it's quite evident they were painted by a different artist. The colour range isn't quite the same, the details not as sharp." True, I realised, examining things more closely. "The obvious conclusion is that for some reason the original artist wasn't able to complete his work. Someone else - competent, yes, but nearly as skillful - had to take up the baton."

All of which was confirmation of what I'd suspected: at the time of his murder, my father had yet to finish his masterpiece.

I gave a nod. "I heard they moved the men on, replaced them with others. September of '43."

Simmonds observed me curiously, as if surprised I would know this. "As most camps, the National Archives Office doesn't hold any surviving records I'm afraid. But yes, there is anecdotal evidence of a prisoner turnaround at that time."

"Was that normal?" I asked.

He seemed to consider his answer carefully for a moment. "Yes and no. Yes that it was common for the men to be moved on to where their labour was most needed. But round here, even in the winter months, there'd still have been plenty to keep the men busy. Digging and clearing ditches, fencing, bailing, general maintenance, that sort of thing. To move them on in the middle of the harvest meanwhile is certainly most bemusing."

Just as Irene had always said. Abnormal, yes. An anomaly. And perhaps now it was possible to hypothesise why...

"Care to take a pew Miss Rice?"

Grinning at his own pun, Simmonds ushered me towards the backrow bench, the slanted rain whipping a constant rhythm against the stained glass window high to our left. A cleaning lady had materialised from somewhere, her mop busily slapping around the real altar of St Luke's.

Camp 106a, I learnt, had been an overspill site from a much larger camp over towards Stamford. Transport to workplace times, the Geneva Convention had detailed, mustn't exceed those of local workers; it was quite a commute from Stamford to the sugarbeet fields of the Northdyke area. Back then the village had boasted its own railway station; there were several local reports of the sound of marching boots one evening.

"Late-March 1943 we're talking, but if those coins which the scene of crime of scene officers have unearthed came from D'Ambra's own pockets, as seems highly likely, then I'm pretty sure that whatever it was that happened was no earlier than the September of that year. Not before September the 8th, if we're going to be precise, this the date of the Italian armistice. Before then, payment such as it was had been in token form, these spendable only at the mobile shop which paid weekly visits to the camp: cigarettes, basic toiletry items and the like. Only after the armistice would the prisoners have experienced the feel of a shilling coin in their hands."



But I of course had added insight into the matter. It had been just a few days before the men were replaced, Irene had told me. She'd lent my father thirty shillings, money which he'd promised would be used in the 'service of the Lord'. That was as specific as he'd been able to be.

"Might have always borrowed the money from someone," I suggested with an affected toss of the shoulders. "I don't know - one of the guards maybe. Or a... a Land Girl."

If I'd hoped to throw Simmonds and Kubič an investigative tidbit on which to chew, then I was to be disappointed.

"Unlikely I would have thought Miss Rice. As the inspector mentioned, we're talking a fair sum of money for those days. It's much more probable that D'Ambra was amongst the second group of men and that the money was his own personal savings."

Lord it was frustrating, knowing that investigations were based on wrong assumptions but being unable provide that gentle nudge in the right direction.

"Talking of Land Girls," I continued. "What was the prevailing public attitude towards any who might have..." It took me a moment to find a suitably euphemistic way of putting it. "Well, who might have come under one of the prisoner's spells, shall we say?"

This provoked a gentle smirk. "Oh, I'm sure there were a few indiscretions of that kind. Only human nature, after all. In times of war people are forced to find comfort wherever they can. You must remember, back in the 40s very few people had passports. For the vast majority of young British women, abroad was a universe away. Then boom! - suddenly they were confronted by all these swarthy latin lotharios. Well, you know what the Italians are like - like a bit of eulogising, a bit of flowery over-exaggeration. It's not difficult to imagine how a Land Girl or two might have got swept along by it all." The smirk had now faded. "But in answer to your question, such liasons would have been very dimly viewed, both by the general public and most especially by the authorities. I remember reading somewhere that a Home Office circular was sent to all senior camp officers warning of 'rigorous and exemplary' action for any prisoners who attempted to establish amorous relations with local women."

As I reflected on this I extracted notebook from my handbag, feigned at scribbling down a few words. The game Irene and my father had played was a dangerous one, most certainly. My adoptive mother had often recounted to me that the local population would boil with indignant ire at any perceived romantic link between a neighbourhood girl and an American G.I. One could only imagine the disproportionate rage which would therefore greet the discovery of a local beauty who'd been engaged in covert trysts with a prisoner of war . An enemy soldier, for heaven's sake.

prisoner of war enemy "Post armistice," I asked, "how did things change for the men exactly?"

"Well, let's just say they were no longer foes but neither really friends. Officially, Italy never became one of the allies but was classified only as a 'co-belligerent'. Not one thing nor the other. The same strange state of limbo experienced by the hundred and fifty thousand Italian POWs in Britain during that period. Known now as 'collaborators', they were gradually granted certain liberties and concessions not enjoyed by their German counterparts, but to all effects prisoners they remained."

All of which must have been incredibly frustrating, I could only refect. A frustration made even more unbearable by the slow-trickle news feeds from home, the sheer uncertainty of it all. How long the damn war was going to last. What nature of hell's vengeance their former nazi allies might be unleashing upon the bel paese.

bel paese. "Any chance this was an internal thing you think? An argument between prisoners that got tragically out of hand?"

"Well, it's certainly true that before the armistice the Italian POWs could be divided into two more or less equal camps - those who offered willingly to work and those who didn't. The former were known as cooperators and of course enjoyed slightly more favourable conditions. Whether the non-cooperators - forced anyway to work - acted from deep-seated political conviction or else were simply just afraid that Mussolini would somehow prevail and seek to punish their disloyalty is a matter open for debate. Whichever the case, the cooperators were viewed as traitors, needless to say. So yes, even post-armistice some... shall we say, internal rancour may have still festered away. But there might be a little problem with this scenario Miss Rice." Leaning forward, he unzipped the backpack wedged between his feet, extracted a photocopied sheet from a transparent plastic envelope. "Came across this in the dusty bowels of the parish council building a couple of years ago while I was doing some research for a local history book I'm writing. A plan of the camp." I craned my neck to get a better look. Though somewhat crude, the main elements were all clearly represented: the neat rows of huts, a circle representing the water tower, the large encompassing oval of the perimeter. Beyond, a handful of nearby geographical features were also represented: to the left, the copse of trees; running diagonally beneath, the narrow double line of the road which led to the village; elsewhere, other diagonal lines indicated ditches and borders between neighbouring fields. "Saturday," Simmonds explained, "the day after the discovery. Kubič and I were trying to ascertain the location of the burial site in relation to the camp. The inspector had a young constable pace things out... We'll need to double check much more scientifically of course, but... well, I'm fairly certain the body was buried a little outside the perimeter."

internal rancour " Outside ?"

Outside It seems strange now looking back, but the possibility had never occurred to me before.

"Twenty or thirty metres we estimate."

"Place not exactly escape-proof then."

"We're not talking Colditz, no. There was a perimeter coil of barb of course. A deterrent, let's say. But there was no need for watchtowers and searchlights, that kind of thing. Even before the armistice Italian prisoners were generally considered pretty docile. Escape attempts were rare."

The train of my thoughts was rattling along at full throttle. "But Vincenzo D'Ambra tried. Only, one of the guards spotted him..."

Simmonds nodded grimly. "Wartime, Miss Rice. Anger and hatred were the common currency. All across Europe ordinarily sane men were doing extraordinarily insane things. Were plenty who'd lost a brother or father or son to an Italian bullet in North Africa."

His eyes turned away, gazed off in the direction of the cleaning lady who was now sploshing her way backwards between the pews, would soon be upon us.

I half-squinted my eyelids, visualising.

"So you think...?"

There was a nod, his head swivelling back in my direction.

"I just wonder if we're dealing with a cover up, Miss Rice. A great big stinking one. From orderlies through to corporals and sergeants right up to senior officers of the regimental police. Ten, a dozen men. Every last one of them complicit."

~~~~~





Chapter Seven


Plot reminder: In the previous chapter the local historian John Simmonds suggests that, in regards to the unearthed remains, there may have been an official-level cover up.

Plot reminder: In the previous chapter the local historian John Simmonds suggests that, in regards to the unearthed remains, there may have been an official-level cover up. ~~~~~

~~~~~ Simmonds' kind offer that I have lunch with he and his wife was an insistent one, and it took no little effort to turn him down. His historical insight had been more than useful, a beam of torchlight shone back through the decades, but I doubted there was much more of interest I could learn from him. In any case, I felt animated by a sense of urgency, the need to get on with things. The same electrified restlessness, I could only imagine, that a chief investigating officer experiences in the initial hours of a new case.

A detective, yes. That's what I'd become. Some strange kind of undercover P.I in the service of myself, my previous experience of investigative matters limited to those headmistressly ones of broken windows and toilet cubicle graffiti. The whole thing was absurd. So sadly and tragically surreal.

Had my father really been attempting to escape? This was the question on which my mind ruminated as I wound my way back through the sodden fields towards Ravensby. Was that why he'd borrowed the thirty shillings from my mother? To aid his getaway?

It just didn't seem to make any sense. If their relationship had been as profound, as overwhelmingly passionate, as Irene had led me to believe, then why would he want to leave her? Without so much as a goodbye, his pocket full of the coins he'd hoodwinked her into handing over to him. No, I simply refused to believe that my father could have been such an undefendable charlatan. And anyway, what about the altar? It had been so close to completion, just another few weeks' work. It seemed inconceivable that after so much effort, so much physical and emotional investment , he would willingly walk away from it.

investment , I felt like I'd entered a fog and that the further I went in the denser and more enveloping it had become. That there were only questions, not even the faintest light of an answer to guide my way. I needed to speak to somebody who had been there at the time. Somebody who might understand the personal dynamics of the case.

I recalled the photograph Irene had shown me of her Land Girl companions, Ivy and Betty. Though both had been present at my mother's wedding in 1946, the three had gradually lost touch over the successive decades. Without their surnames or the vaguest of geographical starting points, tracing them was a lost cause.

There was somebody though, I realised as I entered the easternmost outskirts of Ravensby. Somebody who'd been around in '43, was still around now. What was more, it would take only a quick search in the local phone book to find out his address.

was *

This resulted as a humble mid-terrace not dissimilar to and not greatly distant from the house where Irene had lived. The gate which accessed the overgrown front garden was in desperate need of a drop of oil, the creak setting off a series of loud, high-pitched yaps from inside the house - so loud and high-pitched, in fact, that it was difficult to ascertain whether the twice-pressed doorbell actually worked or not. Just to be sure, I rapped a firm fist to the wood too. Nothing, just a renewed wave of wince-inducing yaps.

He was probably still at whatever post-burial gathering Agnes had organised. Sherry and fruit loaf, the muted, muffled conversations of people who had attended for politeness' sake, through some vague sense of duty, were waiting simply for the hands of the clock to twist themselves round to an angle which might be deemed respectful before whispering their final condolensces and getting the hell out of there. In western cultures at least, death has always been thus I think. An orphan to house. A post-party mess to clear up. Some headachey little problem pushed upon everyone else.



The previous twenty-four hours had been intense. A vivid and terrible dream from which I couldn't seem to pinch myself awake. Emotionally, physically, I was exhausted.

Returning to my car parked a little further down the street, I pressed myself deep into the driver's seat, burrowed into headrest. Within an instant, found the wonderful truce of sleep.

*

It seemed only moments later that the familiar squeal of rusty hinges and subsequent yapping of the dog awoke me. Reality flooded back in just in time for me to make out the suited figure ambling along the front path, keys fumbled from pocket. I glanced at my watch: more than an hour, I was surprised to discover, had gone by. It had even stopped raining at last, the wet street shiny in the afternoon sun, almost blinding.

"Mr Harvey!" I called, precipitating myself from Renault.

The figure turned round from the front door he was halfway through opening. He seemed a little dazed; a glass of sherry too many perhaps. A West Highland terrier had exploded into view at his feet, paws scratching at best trousers.

"I wonder if I could steal a minute of your time?"

I proceeded to spin him the same line I'd thrown George Shreeves and John Simmonds. It would, I told him, help lend a feel of authenticity to my article to have the first hand account of someone who was there at the time.

Paused still at his front door, Peter Harvey seemed a little perplexed. Reticent even, like all he really wanted to do right at that moment was collapse onto the sofa for a nap. He was a little shorter than I had imagined, his midrift bearing the soft bloatedness of a man whose staple diet consisted principally of beer. His dog's opposition to my entrance was even more explicit, its stubby face creased into a snarl as I hovered there on the other side of the gate.

Harvey swayed out his arms apologetically. "I was only a kid."

The youngest of the farmer's sons, he'd been seven or eight back in '43 I'd calculated. Memories would certainly be faded, but perhaps not irretrievable. "I'm not expecting precise details," I assured him. "Just impressionistic things." I forced a smile - a particular skill of mine, one honed over six decades. "Anything. Anything at all."

The smile was returned, equally as forced. "Well, I could make us both a cup of tea I suppose, see if anything comes to mind." He turned, left the door open behind him. "Don't mind Toby, doesn't bite."

I wasn't so sure however, the dog's snarl sharpening as I pushed open the gate. "Good doggy. Good boy." My steps tentative, hands fending off wave upon wave of determined canine attack. I've never been much of a dog person. Nor a cat person either for that matter.

Finally breaching the threshold, the fact of Harvey's bachelorhood became immediately evident. There was a decided lack of a feminine touch in wall colour and curtain choices. Even more apparently male was the stale, musty odour, as if it perhaps wouldn't be a good idea to look behind or beneath things, run one's finger along the top. Then there was the mounted cricket bat on the hallway wall, the framed collection of pre-decimalisation banknotes and coins beside it. There was even a ghastly taxidermied fish at the foot of the stairs - a trout or a pike or some such thing. No self-respecting female would have ever allowed such a horrendous object into her house, surely. It all served to confirm my suspicion that while no human being is ever really suited to a solitary existence, the male of the species is perhaps even less equipped than is a woman.

The living room into which I was ushered while he put the kettle on continued in much the same vein, a space dominated by a framed print of a Spitfire above the fireplace. As I waited, I perused the titles in the overspilling, shelf-sagging bookcase: non-fiction mostly, the odd John Le Carre and Frederick Forsyth. The vinyl collection above the stereo was similarly predictable: Sinatra and his fellow rat-packers, a couple of Country and Western collections. Even the only photograph on display seemed to highlight the man's obstinate state of singledom. Taken what must have been a good number of years earlier at some formal-looking event, it showed Harvey flanked on either side by arm-linked couples. Stanley and the smiling, elegant figure of my mother were to his left; based on the common familial traits of thick jowls and slightly aquiline noses, I took the male component of the rightside couple to be the middle of the three brothers, Douglas.



"What I don't understand," Harvey enquired, shuffling through the door with the tray of tea things, "is how you found me. I mean, how did you know I had any connection with that camp?"

I shrugged nonchalantly. "Your name's popped up during my field research. You and your brothers, er..." I reached into handbag for notebook, pretended to start flicking through its pages in search of names.

"Stanley and Douglas," Harvey himself detailed. There was a sad glance around at the photograph I'd just studied. "Both dead now."

"Yes, I heard."

He lay the tray down onto the coffee table, settled himself wearily into the armchair across from me. The dog had meanwhile jumped up onto the settee, was trying to burrow its nose into my crotch. My hand had become wet with saliva as I continually pushed its snout away.

"The bones they unearthed over in Northdyke," I began. "Seems fairly certain they're the remains of a prisoner called Vincenzo D'Ambra."

Talking about my father's tragic death in such impersonal terms was hard. Lord, it was crucifying.

"The name bring back any memories at all Mr Harvey?"

His gaze fixed itself on some indefinite point on the wall behind my right shoulder, his eyelids half-closed, trying so desperately to recall. Nothing though, just a regretful shake of the head. "Those Italians, I remember them more collectively than as individuals, I suppose you could say." There was a smile. "Noisy buggers, I recall that much. Could never just talk like you and me are doing now. Always had to shout at the top of their voices. And the indiscipline! I can't tell you. Little wonder they folded so quickly in down there in Egypt." He leant forward to pour us both our teas, indicated that I help myself to sugar and milk. "Lorryful of 'em arrived at the farmhouse each morning, half seven or so. My mother and the Land Girls'd serve them their lunch out in the fields, down tools'd be around five or six. Not saying it was all of 'em, but some of 'em anyway, weren't exactly what you'd call hard workers. Any time it rained for example, you'd see a lot of 'em sheltered under the nearest tree. Land Girls'd still be out there though, putting their backs into it. Worked their fingers to the bone, those girls." The memory of it provoked a nod of appreciation. "Got my dad riled a bit sometimes, this laziness some of 'em had. Copped a bit of shrapnel in the first lot, was let off Hitler's one thank God. Said it wasn't fair that our boys were out there trying to restore peace to Europe but these ungrateful wops barely lifted a finger to help bring the harvest in." He glanced at me, a little embarrassed. "Sorry duck, don't suppose you're allowed to say that these days. Wop . " Probably not even in 1943, I thought, but let it pass. "Not a bad bunch though, all considered," he went on. "You know - polite, well-mannered." There was another smile, some detail suddenly recalled. "Remember after we slaughtered a pig one time, my dad made me and Douglas a ball from the bladder.Well, the shape of it was more like a rugby ball than a football I suppose. Nothing I loved better than scuffing it around with the Italians while they waited to get back on the lorry at the end of the day though. Some of 'em had picked up a bit of English. It was nice - you know, a bit of banter while we had a kickaround. Made me realise how they were just normal young lads like Stanley and the other local boys who'd got called up. Whichever side they were on, all those lads would've just much rather been at home with their families and their sweethearts than out fighting other people's wars."

collectively Wop . "What about the guards?" I asked. "What kind of attitude did they have towards their charges?"

Harvey's eyes widened. "You don't think it was one of them did it do you?"

I gave another nonchalant shrug. "Always a possibility."

His squinted gaze once more fixed itself on that indefinable point behind my shoulder. Trying to recall, drag it all back. "The only one of the guards I actually ever saw was the chap who drove the lorry. Sergeant, I think he was. Reynolds if I'm not mistaken the name. Thickset type, liked his booze. Not one to mess with. Saw him give the Italians a good clout a time or two. Was from him I first heard that word. Wop."

Interesting, yes. "How old was he, would you say?"

Harvey shrugged. "Not sure. Too old to be sent to the front, let's say." His eyes then flitted back to the photograph on the wall. "You know, it's such a shame. My sister-in-law Irene could have told you much more about those days than me. Was one of the Land Girls billeted at our farm. Passed on just a few days ago." He brushed sleeve of jacket across eyes, swiped away a nascent tear. "Just come back from the funeral as it happens." There was a regretful shake of the head, another tear forming in his eye. Even the dog was now still, as if troubled by its owner's visible sadness.

"Such a lovely woman. Such a... a fine, lovely woman. Just can't believe she's gone."

Setting down my teacup, I offered a comforting arm around his shoulder.

Wondered who would offer one to me.

~~~~~





Chapter Eight




Plot reminder: In the previous chapter Irene interviewed Peter Harvey, the last surviving of the three sons from the farmhouse where Irene had been billeted during the war. Though unable to recall Vincenzo D'Ambra, Harvey mentioned the name of a violent, often drunken guard called Sergeant Reynolds .

In the final secton of this chapter Mary makes a phone call to Griffiths, the deputy head of her primary school who featured at the start of the novel.



Plot reminder: In the previous chapter Irene interviewed Peter Harvey, the last surviving of the three sons from the farmhouse where Irene had been billeted during the war. Though unable to recall Vincenzo D'Ambra, Harvey mentioned the name of a violent, often drunken guard called Sergeant Reynolds

In the final secton of this chapter Mary makes a phone call to Griffiths, the deputy head of her primary school who featured at the start of the novel. ~~~~~

Reynolds , I thought, lowering myself back into driver's seat.

Reynolds Sergeant Reynolds.

Sergeant Reynolds. I had a name. One with only a distant memory of poor reputation against it, admittedly. A man who had almost without question passed away several decades ago, but who represented a starting point at least. Had my father's murder been a crime of racial hatred? One fuelled perhaps by Reynolds' knowledge of his relationship with Irene? The sergeant it was who'd driven the men to the fields, kept armed guard during working hours. He it was who might have spied something between the lines of sugarbeet - a lingering mutual gaze, a stolen kiss...

Rigorous and exemplary . Those were the adjectives John Simmonds had quoted, the ones from the Home Office circular describing the desired nature of punishment for prisoners caught fraternising with local women.

Rigorous and exemplary . What if Reynolds had taken them too literally? Taken them much, much too far?

Credible, yes. The scenario was more than believable. Particularly if he'd been able to recruit accomplices to his dark plan. Knew he'd be able to cover it up.

Literally get away with murder.

*

Parking up back in the town centre, I threw a couple of coins into the meter and ducked into the first newsagents I came across. My purchases consisted of a cheap stationary set and first class stamp. The letter I was going to write had to be done so right there in Ravensby. Had to carry the local post mark.

I found my way to the same coffee shop I'd stopped at on the way to church that morning. Though the cup of tea Peter Harvey had made me had helped vibrate my mental faculties back in motion, I faced a hellishly long drive back to Sussex. My insides had been too tossed and squished around by the day's events to feel anything remotely approaching hunger, but I indicated to the spotty youth behind the counter that he hand me the last remaining Danish from the breakfast tray along with my double espresso. The place was quiet, in the kind of dozy mid-afternoon lull conducive to the task in hand. Perching myself at the same window-facing ledge as earlier, I pressed biro tip to lilac-coloured paper.

Dear Inspector Kubič ...

Dear Inspector Kubič I can't remember the exact wording of course, recall only that the letter had been brief, very much to the point. I explained as unemotionally as I could all I knew and all I suspected. The romantic liaison between Vincenzo D'Ambra and Irene Harvey, formerly Brennan. The highly suspicious synchronicity between the former's unearthing and the latter's passing. I urged the inspector to respect my anonymity and to trust that I had the best interests of everyone involved at heart.

After slipping the letter into the box outside the town's main Post Office, I headed back to my car. The roadsign at the central crossroads indicated right for the A1, but strangely somehow, as if acting on subconscious instinct, I found myself spinning the wheel to the left and thus back to the same residential part of town I'd earlier exited.

It wasn't just Irene I was bidding farewell to that day, I realised. So far from home, so isolated and out of the way, I was unlikely to ever find myself in Ravensby again. It wasn't the sort of place one just idly found onself passing through or in the vicinity of. Ravensby was an outpost. The end of the world.



It was Peter Harvey who'd told me Agnes' address, believing that others amongst the mourners may have been of journalistic interest to me. Contempories of Irene and Stanley, eighty-somethings who'd been in their late-teens or early twenties at the time, would recall with greater clarity those dark years of the war than he himself had been able to. I had no intention of even getting out of my car however.

No, my goodbye would be a silent and covert one, the way a spurned lover may bid farewell to the object of their unrequited desires.

*

With the reticent and somewhat monosyllabic help of a local I asked for directions, it didn't take me long to find the house. This resulted as a neat but featureless 1960s semi which my albeit unreliable sense of direction judged to be a five- or ten-minute walk further towards the edge of town from Irene's mid-terrace.

By the time I pulled up at the curb diagonally across the street it seemed that the post-funeral gathering was drawing to an end. There remained just two cars parked parallel to the open plan front lawn; another containing the silhouetted forms of what looked like an elderly couple was just pulling away.

I sat there in my Renault like a prisoner in a particularly restrictive cell, my gaze fixed unwaveringly on the drawn net curtains of the living room. Occasionally I would detect an internal figure passing near the window. Brief gliding shadows, ghostlike almost, except it was not they the denizens of some obscure, intangible dimension but I.

During pubesence - around the same time I began to inderstand my adopted state - my favourite game had been to lie wide-eyed but motionless across the floor. Play at being dead. At the time it seemed nothing more than a minor act of mischief, like reading by torchlight under the bedsheets when I was supposed to be asleep. It wasn't until I was older I realised that what I had craved was that involuntary gasped moment of shock, of utter horror, which would esape the lips of my adoptive mother and even more gratifyingly from those of my adoptive father. That half a second of confirmation that my existence counted for something. That if I were no longer around it would by someone and in some small way be noted.

That was how I felt as I sat there in my car across the road from my half-sister's house that afternoon. Like I wanted to play dead. Needed that same confirmation I had as a teenager.

The urge to unclick the driver's door, amble across the street and press a finger to the doorbell was a strong one. That desire to announce myself to world - yes, it was all I had ever really sought in life. Hello, I'm Mary. Please let me in.

Hello, I'm Mary. Please let me in. There was always something which held me back though, an invisible restraining hand. The fear of rejection. Of discovering who I truly might be. This time it was a promise which guaranteed my inertia. Irene . I'd given her my word.

Irene And so I remained there, as invisible and unnoted as a breath of midnight breeze which floats along an empty street. Watched those otherwordly shadows pass periodically to and fro behind the net curtains.

At one point the front door opened, a middle aged woman in beige mackintosh emerging onto the gravel drive. There was a backwards turn of the head, a final word of goodbye at the thin vertical sliver of my half sister visible at the door. A particularly close friend perhaps, had stayed on a little later than the other guests, helped Agnes clear away a few things. The door closed again, the woman treading off towards her car with that relieved blow of the cheeks of someone whose most onerous chore of the day was done.

There was just one vehicle left out on the curb now. Some Audi model; silver-coloured, expensive-looking. Matthew's , I thought. It must have been my half brother's car.

Matthew's ,

And suddenly there he was, he too emerging out onto the gravel drive just as the woman a minute earlier. His a striking figure, but one that day burdened by the weight of grief - shoulders stooped, gaze numb, almost dead. That elegant nameless wife of his provided a supporting arm, their two grown up offspring ambling solemnly behind. The sombre procession along the drive was completed by Agnes and Roger, the fragile form of my half-sister seemingly lifted along by the strong protective arm of her husband. The six of them paused by the side of the Audi, exchanged embraces like the mutual clink of glasses during some muted dinner party toast to the dearly departed. The final and longest of the hugs was enacted by the two main protagonists, the chief mourners, Agnes and Matthew. I watched as Agnes' fingers dug tightly into the back of her brother's dress coat, could only imagine what it must be like to feel the fleshy yield of a loved one, their three dimensions right there in one's arms.

There was a series then of sad final nods, the four doors of the Audi opening and then one by one closing again. I watched as the vehicle set slowly off down the street; watched as the shadowed figure at the wheel grew smaller, ever less distinct, swung the wheel right at the junction at the end of the street. Disappeared completely.

Turning my gaze back towards the house, I was in time to witness Roger usher my half-sister back through the door, glimpse a final side profile of her face as she glanced back up the street the way the Audi had gone. I tried to imprint the image onto my brain - the delicate nose and elfin chin, the softness of her cheeks.

Suddenly, starkly, the door then closed.

I exhaled long and deep. Twisted the ignition key.

*

An hour and a half later, returning to the Renault after a toilet stop somewhere on the Bedfordshire stretch of the A1, I rummaged into handbag for my Nokia. The afternoon's scheduled staff meeting, I imagined, would now be over.

"Mary!"

Griffiths' voice was characteristically and irritatingly exuberant, as if we were former university room-mates who hadn't heard from each other for over thirty years. Perhaps then remembering that I had spent the day paying my farewells to my biological mother, his tone became somewhat more muted.

"How was it?"

"It was a funeral," I replied. "That's how it was."

I enquired then as to the staff meeting, at which point his voice became reticent, evasive, as if about tell me something he knew I wouldn't like.

"The decision was taken - unaminously, might I add - that class 3B should, er.... Well, that they should be allowed to take part in the school trip to Brighton Sealife Centre after all."

My sense of indignation was as powerful as it was immediate. "After the mess they left the art room in that day there was the supply teacher!"

"We just felt that the incident wasn't quite as bad as might have at first seemed-"

"Not as bad as it seemed! Acryllic paint doesn't squeeze itself out of the tube, Griffiths! Nor without wanton human intervention does it smear itself all over the recently redecorated damn wall!"

itself But Griffiths wasn't the sort of wishy-washy educational modernist to wilt in the face of sound logic. "You're not taking into account the fact that it was only a very small number of the students who participated in the unfortunate episode. Nor the educational benefits which would be denied to the class were they not..."

But his voice was fading out, my mind that day incapable of focusing on such relatively insignificant matters as school trips and just punishments.

"We'll discuss the matter when I get back next week," I interrupted curtly.

"Next week?"

I sighed, fully aware of the irrepairable damage the man was capable of causing even over such a relatively brief period of time. I had no choice though. Some things were even more important than the smooth running of St Joseph's Primary School.

"I'm going to need you to cover me for a few more days," I explained.

"Everything alright Mary?"

His concern seemed genuine, touchingly so.

"Family matters to attend to," I offered by way of justification. "Need to fly out to Italy."

~~~~~

This is the end of part one of the novel. (There are four in total.) Other than the change of setting, part two featues several major plot twists as well as the beginning of the romantic element of the story .

This is the end of part one of the novel. (There are four in total.) Other than the change of setting, part two featues several major plot twists as well as the beginning of the romantic element of the story Finally, just a reminder that any feedback you could give me would be greatly appreciated. Thanks so much for your support.

Finally, just a reminder that any feedback you could give me would be greatly appreciated. Thanks so much for your support.





Chapter Nine




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Image: Dawn over the Adriatic

Image: Dawn over the Adriatic ~~~~~

Plot reminder: After her initial investigations in Lincolnshire, Mary has now decided to fly out to Italy. In an earlier chapter the local journalist George Shreeves informed her that the carabinieri had traced Vincenzo D'Ambra's younger brother .

Plot reminder: After her initial investigations in Lincolnshire, Mary has now decided to fly out to Italy. In an earlier chapter the local journalist George Shreeves informed her that the carabinieri had traced Vincenzo D'Ambra's younger brother ~~~~~

I know people who as a habit read two books simultaneously, and who would find the idea of one at a time quaintly bizarre. My adoptive mother's bedside cabinet habitually featured two or even three bookmarked volumes, for example; upon finishing a chapter of one, she would blithely resume where she'd left off in another. Once many decades ago I tried it myself, the end of the summer between lower and upper sixth. There was the copy of Pride and Prejudice my English Literature teacher had assigned as our holiday read and a recently acquired copy of Murder on the Orient Express. Agatha Christie being a writer for whom at the time I had developed a deep and all-consuming passion, I couldn't wait to get started on the latter, but was worried that by doing so I wouldn't have time to finish the former before the beginning of term. Following my adoptive mother's example, I therefore set about reading alternate chapters. The experiment was a disaster, my mind not nearly dextrous enough to cope. I would imagine Poirot contemplating the lifeless body of Elizabeth Bennet, Countess Andeyni engaged in shameless flirtation with Mr D'Arcy. Such was my befuddlement I couldn't say I really enjoyed either novel, and swore never to repeat the folly.

But that was how I had felt on the day of Irene's funeral. Like I was trying to make sense of two different narratives at the same time, a pair of whodunnits which whilst inter-related were separated by an enormous temporal gulf. Sixty-four years, the best part of anyone's lifetime. By persuing both investigations simultaneously, I feared I would only confuse my ideas, further muddy the waters. I needed to get my chronology right. Start at the very beginning.

anyone's The small Italian fishing port of Punto San Giacomo. This was where my father's story had begun.

And so it was that little more than twenty-four hours after Irene had been lowered into her final resting place - a period in which I had driven more than three hundred miles from Ravensby to Sussex then the following morning back north as far as Stansted - I found myself touching down at Brindisi airport.

Though the English day the Boeing had lifted me from had been a bright and pleasant one, the temperature increase upon stepping out of the cabin door was significant enough to have me gasp for breath. Thirty-two degrees, the captain had announced before commencing landing procedure. Lifting my gaze to the azure expanse above me, I was unable to detect even the merest wisp of a cloud. I closed my eyes for a moment, felt the warm kiss of the sun on my face. Welcome Mary , it seemed to communicate. And good luck .

Welcome Mary And good luck

The hire car was a Fiat, some model of family saloon. Its handling was different from my smaller, lighter Renault back home, and this plus the fact of having to mentally reorientate things from left to right provoked several irritated beeps from local motorists as I attempted to navigate my way from airport to the southbound carriage of the main coast road. At one point a van driver chose to express his scorn for my driving skills verbally, the words he thundered through the opened window as he overtook me accompanied by wildly gesturing arm. Che cazzo ! It was an expression I doubted would be listed in the Italian phrasebook I'd picked up at Stansted.

Che cazzo The expression which would be most useful to me had already been committed to memory, needless to say.

would Sto cercando ...

Sto cercando I'm looking for...

As George Shreeves of the Ravensby Evening Rcho had unwittingly informed me the day before, I had an uncle.

Uncle Salvatore.

*

It was early evening when I arrived at my destination, this following a sixty mile stretch of the coast road, the sparkling blue waters of the Adriatic revealed in periodic teasing glimpses to my left beyond the vines and olive groves, the white cluttered buildings of passing port towns.

I'd visited Italy twice before. Once, the sweltering, shoulder-barging chaos that is Venice in August; the second time, an altogether more relaxing sojourn amidst the smoky green hills of Tuscany during whit week half-term. Whilst by their nature very differing trips, there was something familiar and thus mildly disappointing to both experiences - almost as if those views I dutifully photographed had already been glimpsed, the sensations they evoked already lived. Italy is like Coca-Cola. Like MacDonald's. An ubiquitous logo you just can't avoid. It's there on the inside pages of the newspaper you're leafing though. There flickering pleasantly away in the background of the Sunday afternoon matinee you're half watching. There in the roots of every other polysyllabic word you utter. A sprawling theme park of marbled Roman columns and vine-bearded hills, of towering rennaissance-era cathedrals and gloriously precarious hilltop citadels.

Rolling along amidst the impatient, horn-beeping traffic of Punto San Giacomo that June evening, it felt as if I'd been ushered behind the scenes however. Had somehow breached a secret portal, been deposited into that other Italy - the one they don't tell you about in the travel shows on TV, the one the Hollywood film directors have never ventured to. Real Italy, in short.

The town revealed itself as long, sea-hugging grid of narrow streets, the buildings mostly three- or four- storey, their stuccoed facades cracked and crumbled by decades of what I could only imagine were lethally hot summers alternated by wind-ravaged winters. Washing loads hung from upper floor balconies, underwear and all; with the car windows wound all the way down, I could hear the housewives call out across and down and up to each other as they busily pegged and unpegged. Ground floor doors meanwhile opened straight onto the street, breeze-flapped net curtains revealing humble interiors. Here, each slammed door echoed the length of the street, each cry of a baby, each crossed word. In Punto San Giacomo, privacy came at a premium it seemed.

I ducked into the first hotel I came across, where a pleasantly smiling woman ten years or so my junior eventually responded to the repeated and increasingly impatient ping of the reception bell. The difficulty I had in communicating to her that I would be requiring a single room for at least two nights and possibly longer seemed somewhat inauspicious. Here in Real Italy, I quickly realised, a foreign visitor would not find it easy to make themselves understood. Our dialogue amounted to a succession of embarrassed smiles, futile hand gestures, my repetition of half-remembered words from French O'Level in the hope they might be similar in Italian. Sal du bain. I would like a sal du bain per favore .

Sal du bain. I would like a sal du bain per favore

That my room indeed resulted as en suite was perhaps more a result of luck than linguistic clarity. Whilst the attempt at honouring the town's maritime heritage via a blue-and-white colour scheme and the fishing net dangling from the ceiling was commendable, I would have happily sacrificed decorative character for a shower head that offered more than a weak, measly dribble of water.

It was as I was towelling myself off post-shower that I realised I'd forgotten to pack the European adaptor I'd bought for the previous summer's trip to Provence. My Nokia was completely useless then. Even more regrettable was my oversight at bringing a packet of my lactose intollerance pills with me. Without them - as had happened when I was twelve after pigging out on my adoptive mother's homemade strawberry milkshake - it was likely that the consumption of any dairy product would have me dashing towards the nearest toilet bowl, and that close by I would have to remain for a quite a substantial length of time. So, no cappuccino or gorgonzola or ice cream or tiramisu. At least half of what was good about Italy denied to me.

It was a disappointment I digested quickly however. I wasn't on any kind of damn holiday, after all.

*

It was approaching eight that I ventured outside. The first peachy glow of sunset illuminated the inland portion of sky; pleasantly, refreshingly, the heat was draining from the day.

The harbour proved a small but heavily populated affair; between sail boats, yachts and fishing trawlers there must have been fifty or more vessels swaying in the breeze-rippled waters. In and around the latter category men busied themselves with nets and other final preparations ahead their excursion into the moonlit waves of the Adriatic.

Stretching beyond the harbour wall towards a rocky, protruding headland was a narrowing stripe of beach. Recent decades had clearly seen a municipal-level attempt at establishing the town as a resort, the beach accessed by a neat, palm-lined pedestrian promenade, this in turn lined on its inland side by a succession of bars, restaurants and souvenir shops. It was whilst taking a few idle steps along the street that I suddenly became aware of the fact that I was hungry, and not just in that slightly nagging way of an approaching mealtime but that crushing, almost debilitating level of hunger which follows a sustained twenty-four period of limited calorie intake.

I thus found myself slipping into a seat at an outside table of the next pizzeria I came across. As other restaurants I'd passed, the place was still setting up for the evening - a scant smattering of customers, a waitress in smart blouse busily arranging cutlery and glasses. Similarly to my travails with the woman at the hotel, once having caught the young lady's attention I experienced no little difficulty in communicating my requests. At first I wondered if her confusion may have been cultural rather than linguistic in nature, the idea of a pizza without mozzarella as much an anathema to an Italian as battered cod without chips to an English person. But no, she simply hadn't understood it seemed, had to call across to a gentleman of retirement age sipping a glass of wine alone at a neighbouring table behind, dog curled up asleep at his feet - a local thankfully blessed by a modicum of English. I had a lactose intolerance problem, I explained to him, twisting my neck backwards. Had left my pills at home, couldn't risk eating much cheese. The man nodded, smiled kindly. "A little. I tell them to put just a little."

And yes, whilst the resulting pizza was indeed topped by a smaller quantity of mozzarella than others I saw the waitress bring out, I still found myself discreetly peeling the white blobs away with my knife, just to be on the safe side. A few minutes later as I settled my bill and rose to leave, I deemed it correct of me to offer the gentleman a final word of gratitude for his linguistic intervention.

Lifting his eyes from the onrushing coils of waves in front of him, his face was once more illuminated by a kindly smile. "Oh, was nothing madam. Any time." Hand lifting wine glass to lips, his gaze then resumed its steady scrutiny of the billowing sea. It was almost as if he were watching out for something, awaiting some tumultous arrival. The flagship of an unknown, conquering race. The distant swell of an incoming tsunami.

Before turning back inland towards the hotel, I paused for some moments above the harbour, watched the gentle procession of the trawlers as they made their way to the open sea. A scattering of gently bobbing lights amidst the darkening waves, like still-twinkling stars fallen from the firmament above.

Had he survived the war - had he not been so brutally knifed down before his 22nd birthday - was this the life which would have awaited my father, I wondered? That hard, noble slog of the fisherman? The face of the old man he would have become etched and carved by long decades of staring down the elements, of stoically shrugging off all that those endless star-guided nights would have thrown at it. The gales gusted into it, the waves unleashed down upon.

A most wearying and humble of lives, yes, but one he at least would have lived.

~~~~





Chapter Ten


Plot reminder: Mary is in the Italian fishing port of Punto San Giacomo to trace her uncle, Salvatore D'Ambra. In the previous chapter a local man helped her place her order in a pizzeria. Two chapters ago she described the letter she posted to Inspector Kubič detailing all she knows about the case .

Plot reminder: Mary is in the Italian fishing port of Punto San Giacomo to trace her uncle, Salvatore D'Ambra. In the previous chapter a local man helped her place her order in a pizzeria. Two chapters ago she described the letter she posted to Inspector Kubič detailing all she knows about the case ~~~~~

The hotel bed proved surprisingly comfortable - so much so that I found myself wide awake with the hands of my watch still to tick past six o'clock. Too early for the hotel to be serving breakfast, and in the meantime I wasn't sure what I was supposed to do. It would have been absurd to start searching for Salvatore D'Ambra before the sun had even risen, and neither had I thought to bring a novel with me. There was a small television set on top of the chest of drawers in the corner of the room, but the idea of attempting to decipher Italian breakfast-time TV was singularly unappealing.

A walk along the beach it would be then. A chance to breathe some fresh sea air into my lungs, gather my thoughts.

Dawn was still an unformed concept, half of an idea concentrated into a sliver of crimson along the distant horizon. Its nascent glow faintly illuminated the rippled contours of the sea, the lights of the returning trawlers scattered there amidst. Closer to the shore, gulls swooped and splashed, bobbed lazily on the peach-coloured water.

As I slipped off sandals, felt the cool silkiness of the sand between my toes, I found myself wondering about Inspector Kubič. About what he'd made of the anonymous letter which had awaited him amongst the previous day's work mail. Wondered what I myself, were I in his still possibly mud-caked shoes, would have made of it. That it was the work of some unhinged crank to be immediately dismissed? No, I didn't think so. That the author was well-intentioned but ultimately misguided then? Yes, perhaps. I think the missive would have planted some sort of a seed of doubt in my mind however. If the claimed connection between Vincenzo D'Ambra and Irene Brennan were indeed valid, then yes, I would have to admit that it was all a bit of a coincidence. Enough so to make a few discreet enquiries into the nature of the old lady's death. See what the name Sergeant Reynolds might throw up amongst official archive databases.

was I hadn't planned on strolling all the way to the headland, but that was where I suddenly found myself, the sand ahead abruptly blocked by a jagged mound of rocks. I felt almost trancelike, the sea a becalmed presence beside me, its gentle ebb and flow against the shore like the soft whispered breathing of someone emerging from deep slumber. I imagined my father as a boy, his feet pressing hollows into the same sand where my own trod - a wiry exuberant scamp dashing and yelling and spraying out Catherine wheels of water as he charged into the waves. I had never felt closer to him than in those moments.

Whilst on the outward leg of my stroll I could have counted on the fingers of one hand the number of joggers and dog-walkers I passed, turning back around I saw that with the unfurling of the dawn the tiny silhouettes scattered along the beach had increased three or four-fold. It was at the halfway point of the return leg that the sight of a wet energetic Labrador charging in my direction caused me yelp in panic. Turn my back, brace myself...

"Dante!" I heard an angry voice cry. "Dante, viene qua !"

viene qua The anticipated impact not coming to pass, I opened my eyes once more, turned back around. Ahead, the figure of a man was bent in admonishment of the high-spirited mutt. Once lead had been rehooked to collar, he turned an apologetic gaze in my direction.

" Mi scu- "

Mi scu- I think we both recognised each other in the same instant - that quick-fire rifling through of mental drawers, searching the context of a familiar face.

"Ah, it's you," he smiled. "The English woman who doesn't like mozzarella on her pizza."

Maybe it had been the shadowiness of dusk, but his face seemed more interesting than it had done in the pizzeria the previous evening. In the limpid light of dawn I now saw that it was a detailed relief map of ridges and nooks and vales, a landscape carved by time, the multitudinous travails of life. A face topped by messy mop of curly silver hair, the chestnut brown eyes alive, engaged with the moment.



I was aware that he seemed to be waiting for me to say something in return. That the moment, the precise conjunction of the place and time in which we found ourselves, demanded as such.

I glanced down at the chastened-looking canine now sitting obediently at his feet. "Dante," I heard myself remarking. "Interesting name for a dog." It was the first thing which came into my head.

The facial landscape shifted a little - cheeks stretching, a series of ridges forming at the corner of each eye. "What name could be more appropriate? Dante knew a lot about little devils, after all." There was an affectionate pat on the dog's head. "Still young, still learning what's right and what's wrong. But we'll get there boy, won't we eh?"

Those ridges at the corners of his eyes now straightened again, the jagged lines where the valleys had been pale against his healthy tan. Proof, it seemed, that smiling was something which came to him naturally and easily. Something he did often, the sun blocked out between the pinched folds of flesh.

He wasn't smiling right at that very moment however - had turned his gaze, was contemplating the sea with the same consumed intensity I'd noted the previous evening. "It has arrived," he announced, his voice hushed as if in awe. "That brief moment that comes at a certain point of every dawn. The angle of the sun, it is just so that the sea seems to be silver. A vast pool of liquid silver."

He was right, I saw, also turning my gaze. Quicksilver . The sea had become a gently rippling vat of quicksilver. So subtle and so simple, something the jogger at that moment passing by seemed not to have noticed, yet which so described was one of the most breathtaking sights I had ever beheld.

Quicksilver "The sea has many faces," the man mused beside me. "It can laugh and play. It can - how do you say? It can snarl . Snarl like an angry dog, yes. It can bite. Turn you upside down, steal from you. But when it is like this it is as splendid as a..." His eyes turned momentarily skywards as he sought an appropriate simile. "As a sleeping child."

snarl He turned then, Dante tugging him along back the way they'd come. The way I was going. Back towards the harbour, the centre of town.

"What's your name?" he called over his shoulder.

"Mary," I called back.

"And I'm Lucio." He paused his step, twisted neck back to me. "Come Mary, I buy you breakfast. Apologise for Dante scaring you so. I take you to the place that serves the best croissants in all of Punto San Giacomo. The best cappuccino too." That ready smile flashed once more across his face. "I almost forgot - no milk, right? Yours will have to be a double espresso then."

Dante then jerked him back into motion. And I had no choice, it seemed, other than to follow.

*

As we headed from the beach, I was to learn several interesting things about him. He was a recently retired librarian, for example. His English was self taught from books, honed via regular visits across the Atlantic to visit his sister and her family in Florida. As for dogs, these had always been an important part of his life. Before Dante there had been a Golden Retriever called Boccaccio; before that a German Shepherd named Virgil. The man clearly had a penchant for classical poetry.

The cafė he led me to was on one of the long streets which ran parallel to the sea, not far from my hotel. Directly across the road was the pretty baroque facade of a church, the crumbled brickwork of a bell tower rising in stark silhouette against the unbroken azure of the sky. In between swooshed and beeped the early morning traffic; passers-by strode languidly across our line of vision, their mutual calls of salutation almost boomed like thunderclaps across the street.

Such energy - such indomitable joie de vivre - was frankly beyond my comprehension. Perhaps it had something to do with the head-spinning strength of the coffee the people there drank, the sugary indulgence of their pastries. For them, breakfast was much more than a quickly slurped bowl of cereal, a grabbed half-eaten slice of toast. It was a ritual, as much so as evening mass. Fuel for both body and soul.

joie de vivre As Lucio sipped on his cappuccino, Dante curled up at his feet, I couldn't help but notice the wedding band on his finger. I wondered as to the nature of the relationship he had with his wife, that he should think nothing of inviting a woman he barely even knew to have breakfast with him.

"Why are you here Mary?" he suddenly asked, dabbing paper napkin to the corners of his lips. "Sure, Punto San Giacomo has it charms, but there are many places near here that have more charms. Where the sea is even clearer and the sand much finer, and where foreigners come to pass their holidays. In Punto San Giacomo, to hear a foreign voice is rare."

Yes, I assured him, I'd sort of had that impression. I then proceeded to recount to him the same tale I'd told George Shreeves, John Simmonds and Peter Harvey. That I was a freelance journalist researching a story. By that point, it had become almost a force of habit. So far from Ravensby, from anybody even vaguely connected to Irene, such subterfuge wasn't entirely necessary of course. But that was who I was. That was my nature. I was the sort of person to hide even when there was no need to. I suppose I just found things easier that way somehow.

Did he know Salvatore D'Ambra, I asked?

The question provoked a smile, one I perceived as slightly rueful of nature. "Sure I know Salvatore D'Ambra." A flicked hand indicated the general scene around us. "Look around Mary. This town suffocates. It's like a hand around a person's throat. Everyone knows everyone."

My plan had been to wait until later in the day, ask around some of the bars - the old men I'd seen the previous evening slapping down playing cards at the outside tables, noisily discussing politics and football, whatever the hell it was elderly Italian men talked about. But even if I were to find my uncle, what then? With which common language would we be able to communicate? I wondered if Lucio had any plans for that morning, whether he might not mind accompanying me, acting as interpreter.

Before I had chance to ask, I noticed him frowning at me however. "But I'm surprised you haven't heard. It was in the local newspaper yesterday." The gaze which held my own was sombre, regretful. "The DNA test, there was no match. Those bones they found in England, they're not Vincenzo D'Ambra's."

~~~~~





Chapter Eleven


Plot reminder: After making the acquaintance of a local man named Lucio, Mary has received the bombshell news that there was no DNA match between the remains and her father's brother, Salvatore .

Plot reminder: After making the acquaintance of a local man named Lucio, Mary has received the bombshell news that there was no DNA match between the remains and her father's brother, Salvatore ~~~~~

And thus in a finger-click the fog grew denser. The whir of questions in my head ever more dizzying - a deafening tumult, a cacophany of competing voices.

If not my father, then whose remains were they which they'd pulled from the Lincolnshire mud? And why were his ID tags found in the vicinity? The thirty shillings Irene had lent him? Most importantly, what on earth had happened to him? Why had he never returned home from the war?

If not my father, then whose remains they which they'd pulled from the Lincolnshire mud? And why were his ID tags found in the vicinity? The thirty shillings Irene had lent him? Most importantly, what on earth had happened to him? Why had he never returned home from the war? Feeling Lucio's eyes on me - curious, concerned - I was forced for the moment to swallow down the emotional impact of the news. Put it to one side like one might a novel, leave it there on the bedside cabinet until I had the chance to open it up again. Until I was alone once more in the quiet of my room, could concentrate on it properly - analyse the patterns of the words, the nuances of meaning. Until finally, like the grief I felt for Irene's passing, it might be allowed to seep into my soul.

Right at that moment, disguised as I was in my self-created role, I was restricted to viewing the news as a freelance journalist might. An unexpected twist, the story lent further mystery. And not only this, there was the human angle too. Salvatore D'Ambra . Wouldn't a reporter be keen to gain insight into the poor man's emotional state? The sheer heart-wrenching turmoil which the last few days must have provoked?

Salvatore D'Ambra . Yes, I reasoned - a hard-nosed hack would just carry on regardless. They'd travelled all that way, after all, had racked up quite an expenses bill in need of justification.

Several moments had now passed since Lucio had broken the news; I could feel my heart slip once more into its usual slow, cold beat.

"The brother," I said, turning my attention back to him across the crumb-strewn café table. "I would be eternally grateful to you if you could help me talk to the brother."

*

We agreed to meet right there at the cafė an hour later, time I partially spent attempting to wash the sand from between my toes with the stingy half-hearted squirts of water emanating from the hotel shower head. Principally however the sixty minutes were passed in an equally vain effort at absorbing the bombshell, trying to understand the significance of the news.

When Lucio finally slunk around the corner, I was grateful to see that he'd left Dante at home. He was ten minutes late, but as I would soon learn this represented an admirable level of punctuality in smalltown southern Italy.

Ordinarily, our destination would have represented only a short walk from the meeting point. What with virtually every other passer-by pausing for a moment to exchange a few jokey, back-slapping words with Lucio, it took us almost half an hour. This is why Italians are traditionally viewed as poor time keepers, I came to realise. It wasn't that they set out to be late, deliberately intended to do so. More they were victims of their own gregariousness. It's almost impossible to punctual, I suppose, when the sun shines much more often than it doesn't, and when almost everyone in town is your best friend.

set out Again, I found myself wondering as to the nature of his relationship with whichever woman it was who'd slipped that wedding band into his finger. It was at least marginally unusual, surely, for a man to be seen in public with an unknown woman at his side. He was a divorcee perhaps, I concluded - a reluctant one, the marital schism effected against his will. Just hadn't been able to bring himself to wriggling loose the ring. Either that, yes, or the poor chap was a widower.

marginally

It was towards the neighbourhood beyond the harbour that we stutteringly headed, the opposite side to the pretty beach area. The contrast couldn't have been starker as we entered thr winding maze of streets which still, Lucio informed me, retained a certain local infamy. It was as if the sun were refused entry here, the streets too narrow to grant it access. Little more than a hive of back alleys, the place seemed some poorly-maintained throwback to much less auspicious times, a Mediterranean fishing port's equivalent of a Victorian industrial slum. Many of the windows were boarded up, the former residents having long since escaped to more dignified neighbourhoods. Not all though. Some of the older folk, those like my uncle who had never known or aspired to anything else perhaps, still persisted.

His flat was ground floor, inland-facing. We found him sitting at the front wall, still-nimble fingers sewing repairs to a net. It was something of a tradition, Lucio told me, that the retired fishermen helped the younger men prepare for each evening's sail out. At the sight of our approach he lifted bald, liver-spotted head, the revealed eyes dulled disarming orbs of melancholy. His face was that which I'd imagined my father's would be had he lived - weathered and leathery, cross-hatched by wrinkles like a Hogarth etching. The sort of face which could mislead those who beheld it, was difficult to judge the age of. A younger brother, George Shreeves had informed me over the phone. How much younger than my father, it was difficult to say for sure.

younger He and Lucio exchanged a few words, the old man looking up at me, nodding, his lips creaking into a dutiful smile. Lucio offered a hand, helped haul him groaningly upright.

" Venga, signora. Venga dentro. "

Venga, signora. Venga dentro. Come on inside , Lucio translated, ushering me through the opened front door, the swish of the net curtains.

Come on inside The main living space was little bigger than many people's bathroom. A modest kitchen hugged one wall, a sagging, hotpotch collection of bookcases and cabinets lined another. There was no sofa, just a round central table and chairs. Visible through the opened internal door was a short, windowless corridor onto which two other doors joined: a bathroom and solitary bedroom, I could only suppose. It was quite incredible to learn therefore that the place had been my father's childhood home, one he'd shared not just with Salvatore but with three sisters too. Add in their parents and that made seven of them co-habitating a space which by modern standards would be deemed barely adequate for two. The Lord alone knew how they'd managed.

Every available hand's-width of wall space was cluttered by family photos and cheap religious prints. The latest addition to the former category, in pride of place on top of the ancient box TV, was a pink, wrinkled newborn with thick sproutings of black hair. Their first great-great-grandchild, Salvatore's wife informed us, following our gaze. She introduced herself as Grazia - a stout figure dressed in floral housecoat. Whilst Salvatore, Lucio and I settled ourselves at the table, she busied herself preparing coffee.

"They came and asked me to put this thing in my mouth," my uncle began. "A sort of cotton bud, said I had to roll it on the inside of my cheek. Told me they were almost sure it was him, Vincenzo, but just needed to double-check."

Lucio had to concentrate hard to follow the old man's words, ear tilted towards him like a dog's to an unfamiliar sound. Not a symptom of encroaching deafness, he assured me, just that D'Ambra spoke in a particularly thick version of the local dialect. His was the last generation to have grown up without television or mandatory post-11 schooling, Lucio explained; the last, in short, to have had little experience or need of standard Italian.

"I think it was '59 the rumours started. A guy called Lorenzo Palumbo, had grown up here on the harbourside, moved north as a young man. Said he'd seen Vincenzo drinking a cappuccino outside a bar in Milan one Sunday morning. Well, it got mamma and my sisters all excited of course, this idea that he was alive and well and living in Milan. I always said though that Palumbo must have been mistaken, that everyone had someone somewhere in the world who looked a lot like them. If Vincenzo was still alive then why didn't he write? Why didn't he come and visit us? So when the carabinieri came the other day with their cotton bud thing and told me about the bones which had been found... well, it seemed I was right." Those melancholy old eyes turned down towards embroidered tablecloth. "Vincenzo had died in England. Died so, so young."

As she set the coffee things down onto the table between us, Grazia rested a comforting hand on her husband's shoulder.

"It was sad, yes, but in some ways I was happy too." His eyes drifted away again, gaze melting. He shook his head. Shook it hard. "I thought finally we'd get to bury him. Have a chance to say our farewells."

Reaching across, Lucio too offered a comforting hand to shoulder. Uttered a short verse of hushed, consolatory words.

As two days earlier at Irene's funeral, then later parked across the street from my half-sister's house, I found myself grappling with the urge to reveal myself. To show my hand. The man was my uncle, I his niece. We were family, bound by blood. Yet why wasn't I t he one to place a reassuring hand on his shoulder? Why not I the one to offer him words of succour? Language barrier or no language barrier, he would have understood them, just as I would have understod his.

I t I Instead, I extracted notebook and pen from handbag, indicated to Lucio that he should ask the old man what he remembered of his brother's war experiences. My disguise was one I wore well. Wore convincingly.

"May 1941," my uncle began. "Conscription card arrived the day after his eighteenth birthday. Time and place where he had to report himself, the provincial barracks in Lecce. Things weren't going so well in North Africa. Mussolini needed men, and needed them fast. What did he care if they were married or not?"

he At this point I had to ask Lucio to repeat his translation, verify its accuracy.

Married ? My father had been married? But Irene had never told me this.

Married I found myself glancing at the wedding band there on Lucio's finger. For whatever reason, he'd made the conscious decision not to remove it. But what if my father had made a similarly conscious decision to do the opposite? Wasn't difficult, after all. No more complicated than taking off one's shoe. An object small enough to slip discreetly into a pocket, leave stashed inside a tobacco tin of personal effects like some dark unutterable secret inside a heart.

But really, it mattered little to me whether my father had deliberately hidden his marital status or not, or whether Irene had indeed been in the know but had simply cared little of the fact. I am not the sort of person to be easily scandalised by the affairs of the heart of others, nor I have I ever lived through a time of war, or frankly could even begin to imagine what it must have been like.

No, it wasn't the fact of it in itself which cast its shadow over my soul. More it was the ulterior confirmation it provided of my illegitimate state. Not only had my parents been unmarried to each other, but one of them had been married to someone else. Didn't this render me somehow doubly misbegotten?

doubly It was something I'd always felt, since as long as I was able to calibrate such a thought. I hadn't been born in the way that other people are born. Not some wished-for blessing coaxed and ushered and willed into the world.

Rather, I had gate-crashed my way into it.

Unwanted and uninvited.

~~~~~





Chapter Twelve




Plot reminder: With Lucio's help, Mary has traced her father's younger brother, Salvatore D'Ambra. She has just discovered that her father had been married.



Plot reminder: With Lucio's help, Mary has traced her father's younger brother, Salvatore D'Ambra. She has just discovered that her father had been married. ~~~~~

The details emerged from the old man's mouth like snowflakes from a winter sky. Slowly at first, just individual floating white blurs. Then faster, all at once, a sudden wind-tossed flurry.

The name of my father's wife had been Ada Pucci, something of a local beauty in her day. She and my father had both been sixteen when they'd first started courting. Back row of the pictures to begin with, then during the warmer months their moments of intimacy had been played out in the much more private theatre of the moonlit beach. It had been towards the end of that summer - 1940, Italy now conjoined in conflict - that the news of Ada's pregnancy had broken...

"Things had been different back then," my uncle sighed. "A young man got a girl in the family way... Well, there was just no other option. Not round these parts anyway. They got married in San Andrea church, a freezing cold day just before Christmas. I can still remember it. Can still picture that look on Vincenzo's face." There was a regretful shake of the head. "Poor sod, looked like a convict being led in through the prison gates."

San Andrea An interesting analogy, I reflected, given how the final years of his tragically short life would pan out. A prisoner not just physically and literally, but perhaps spiritually also.

"Ada's father was a fisherman too, just like ours. Neither family had much money to help them out. A cold water affair here in the harbourside was the best that could be arranged ." A swept hand indicated the limited confines of his home. "Not even half the size of this place. Imagine."

I took a sip of the coffee Grazia had poured from metal cafeteria: strong, even by local standards. "And the baby?" I enquired, as matter-of-factly as I was able to feign. The baby : my half-brother or half-sister, in other words.

The baby By way of response, Salvatore rolled eyes heavenwards, touched forefinger from top to bottom of sternum, right then left.

Oh dear Lord... Another jab-punch to my heart. Wasn't sure how many more of them I would be able to take.

"Was common in those days," reflected Grazia sadly. She too swiped hand in genuflection. "All lambs of our Lord."

"The spring it must have been," her husband continued. "Then as I said the following May his cards came and off he went to war. Shipped from Brindisi to Alessandria, thrown straight into bloody mess that was Tobruk. September or maybe it was the October, he and his platoon got taken by the English." There was a glance in my direction, as if remembering I was a representative of said race. "Better your lot than the Germans or Russians so I've heard." He paused to reach for one of the homemade campagnole biscuits which Grazia had laid onto the table. As with his bald crown, the back of his hands too were liver-spotted, the skin webbed between finger bones like waxed paper. "Sent him to Kenya first," the old man resumed, swiping back of hand across mouth. " Kenya , for the love of God! Then the English, must have realised they were missing a trick. Shipped my brother and the rest of the captured Italians off to the motherland, set them to work out in the fields. Fed them well enough though he said in his letters."

campagnole Kenya Letters , I thought...

Letters "Wouldn't happen to have kept any of them, would you?" I asked.

"The earlier ones from Egypt and Kenya, no. These he always addressed to Ada see." A smile momentarily illuminated the old man's face, as if some long lost memory had been unearthed. "Could barely read though, poor thing, always came round to ours. My sister Rosalba was the best at reading and writing, that sort of thing. We'd all gather round like elementary school kids round the maestra while she read them out loud." Rosalba had been the eldest of the three sisters, we learnt, all of whom had now passed away. "Mostly he just said all was fine. Couldn't write anything negative or critical see - wouldn't get past the censors." He was forced to raise his a little voice a little to compete with the repetitive thud of a ball against a neighbour's wall, the squeals of scurrying children. "They were regular at first, once a week or so, then gradually got less frequent. I think whatever they might have had between them, Ada and he, by the time he got to England it had pretty much disappeared. The distance, I suppose. The years that had passed." Once more, there was a pitying shake of the head. "You know, I felt sorry for them. Both of them. If it hadn't been for the pregnancy they'd have just been childhood sweethearts, nothing more than that. Would have been free to just drift apart." He took sip of his coffee, dabbed a handkerchief to forehead; barely gone ten a.m but it was already getting hot. "Anyway, it got so he started addressing his letters home rather than to her. After Rosalba passed away, I found a bundle of them in her chest of drawers all tied up in a ribbon."

maestra

"Should be in the back of the wardrobe somewhere," Grazia said, struggling herself upright.

As she stepped away into the corridor, I had Lucio enquire if there might be a photograph too. There was a dutiful nod: would have a root through the biscuit tin of old shots she kept in her bedside cabinet.

"Was after the Armistice,' my uncle resumed. "The letters, they just stopped coming. At first we thought maybe there was some problem, that the Germans were attacking the mail planes just to spite us. But there were other families in Punto San Giacomo who had men in England and they still got their letters coming through. Well my father, he tried his best to reassure mamma. Vincenzo was safe, no harm could come to him. But still, it was hard to explain why he didn't write any more." The old man's gaze seemed to lose focus for some moments. "Then when the whole damn thing finished, mamma, she called Bari. She called Milan, called Rome. So many men. So many hundreds of thousands of men. Nobody knew anything. Wouldn't be the only Italian just to stay there in England, they told her. More work, better life, never mind the rain." His eyes had regained their focus, now scorched pleadingly into my own. "Okay, okay. But still no-one knew how to explain. Why didn't he write? " He let out a long exhale then, as if exhausted by the flood of memory, the rekindled burn of frustration. "Ada eventually moved in with a carpenter from the local boatyard. Widower, had lost his wife in childbirth. Baby had survived, the third. Well, mamma and my sisters, they resented her for this. Always whispering and gossiping, spreading stories that weren't even half true. Can't say as I blamed her though. Vincenzo wasn't coming back, simple as that. It was time to move on."

Why didn't he write? I Ada too, we learnt, had now passed away. I was glad for her though. Pleased that her life story had taken a positive turn, that in bringing up the carpenter's children, in having his warm body to snuggle up against on cold winter nights, she might have glimpsed something approaching happiness.

"Whenever I picture my brother, I always picture him with a pencil in hand." The old man's eyes had become moistened with nostalgia's sad, twinkling glaze. "When he wasn't sleeping or out on the trawler, was never without one in his hand. Pretty damn good he was too, I'd say. Inherited his gift from our grandfather, mamma always used to say. Only one of us that did."

I wish I'd taken a camera with me to Ravensby, could have shown him a photo of the altar - could have let him behold the beauty and hope his brother had created for his fellow prisoners - but how was I to have known? Instead, I had to describe it to him, trust that Lucio's translation would somehow project the image into his mind.

"Yes, he mentioned it his letters.' He nodded, half-smiled - another detail retrieved from the cobwebbed corners of his memory. "The day he left for the war, I remember he gave me a dirty postcard he'd got hold of somewhere. Used it for his drawing - you know, the study of the female form or what have you. Said I wasn't to tell mamma or our sisters." The emotion in his voice squeezed it half an octave higher. "I was only twelve. Still too young to understand he might never come home again."

Finally, a tear plopped out onto leathery cheek. One sixty-six years in its forming.

*

Grazia hobbled back from the bedroom a couple of minutes later, the triumphant smile of a completed mission on her face. It was a smile which soon faded however when she noticed the red rim to her husband's eyes, the moist sheen across his cheeks.

"All this remembering, it isn't good for him. Please, don't ask him to remember any more."

After placing the successfully located letter bundle and photograph before Lucio and I, she retook her seat beside her husband. Patted the hand stretched out across the table, squeezed lips into a reassuring smile.

Beside me, Lucio was untying the letter bundle, the ribbon striped a patriotic green, white and red. I instead steered hand towards the photograph - carefully, almost tentatively, as if afraid it might burn my fingers. The significance of the moment wasn't lost on me: there I was in my father's childhood home about to glimpse his image for the very first time. After sixty-three years - sixty-three long, suffered, soul-yearning years - finally we were about to come face to face.

The shot was small in dimension, two inches by an inch and a half perhaps, little bigger than a modern passport photograph. Monochrome of course, the picture quality a little grainy. At some point it had also become creased, a jagged white line running diagonally across the image, fracturing the the young man's face at left jaw, exiting above right ear. Yet even despite such imperfections, had someone presented me the shot without telling me the identity of its subject, there would have been no doubt in mind, none at all: this was my father.

He was wearing uniform, the bottom edge of the shot slicing across ornate-looking lapel badges, the top edge trimming the uppermost section of peakless, diagonally skewed cap. Shadows slanted towards bottom left from a high, unseen sun, he was framed square-shouldered, front on. The lips were unsmiling, but not sullenly so I didn't think - the picture seemed to be an official one, each private in turn obliged to step outside onto the parade ground or wherever, just another of the day's endless banal duties to be carried out. One copy to be clipped to each soldier's file, no doubt, a second to be folded inside a letter home for mothers and sisters and sweethearts to cling to, a fragile two-dimensional replacement of what the war had borrowed from them, threatened to steal forever.

Immediately evident upon a close study of the face were the details Irene had described to me, the ones she'd carried in her mind's eye throughout all those decades - the curve of the upper lids, the slight downward slant of the brows. Delineations which seemed as familiar as the view from one's own front window. As familiar as the face in the mirror, yes. Somewhere in the undertones, in the marbling of light and shade, I was reflected there too.

The most striking aspect of all however was the shadow. I don't mean those dark splashes pooled beneath eyebrows and cheekbones, cascaded from nose, gathered into the contour beneath lower lip. Not those actual physical voids of light, but rather that other shadow - the one which lay behind, somewhere beyond the parade ground sun, out of sight. The type of shadow which can cast its darkness over a whole world, an entire personal universe.

The shot must have been taken in the summer of '41, at some point before my father and his platoon were shipped down to Egypt. He'd at the time only recently turned eighteen - an age at which most young men are still waiting for life to begin, that longed-for adventure which for good or for bad was about to play itself out. And whilst the physical fact of my father's youth was disarming, heartbreaking even - the face little more than a boy's - there was something world-weary to his expression too. Life was already known to him, the full spectrum of its triumphs and its tragedies. The face was that of a man no longer in its thrall.

I held the photo closer to my eyes, not so much that I might see him better but that he might see me.

Did you love Irene? I voicelessly enquired. Love her as much as she loved you? Did she reignite you? Reconnect you to the world?

Did you love Irene? Love her as much as she loved you? Did she reignite you? Reconnect you to the world? There were other questions too:-

Did she know you were married?

Did she know you were married? Why did you borrow those thirty shillings from her?

Why did you borrow those thirty shillings from her? And of course:-

Where are you? Whatever became of you?

Where are you? Whatever became of you? Surprisingly however, it wasn't this the question I most desperately craved the answer to, I realised. No, that was a different one entirely:-

Who were you father? The man I'd always hoped you were, or the man I'd always hoped you weren't?

Who were you father? The man I'd always hoped you were, or the man I'd always hoped you weren't? ~~~~~





Chapter Thirteen


Plot reminder: Still in her guise of freelance journalist, and with the help of a local man named Lucio, Mary has tracked down her father's brother, Salvatore. It is during their conversation that for the first time she sees a photograph of her father .

Plot reminder: Still in her guise of freelance journalist, and with the help of a local man named Lucio, Mary has tracked down her father's brother, Salvatore. It is during their conversation that for the first time she sees a photograph of her father ~~~~~

As Lucio and I wound our way back through the twisting, claustrophobic streets of the harbourside, the sun had risen to such an angle that it washed its glow over rooftops, threatened soon to penetrate those few of the uppermost windows which weren't boarded up. Rather than add a gloss of cheer, it served only to reinforce the impression that the neighourhood existed in some sort of underground dimension, the light of day a luxury enjoyed by higher spheres.

It was apt perhaps that the streets where my father had scampered and scurried as a child should provide an accurate analogy to investigations. Pitched in a perennial shade, without illumination, any kind of clear straight view ahead. Right at that moment, all Kubič had to work with were a few random shreds of some much larger and as yet imperceptible image. Unidentified remains, a few shilling coins, the ID tags of a missing Italian soldier, an anonymous letter linking the man to the recent death of a former Land Girl. Would it not be human, perhaps even professionally correct, to just write things off as a lost cause? Concentrate his energies on the here and now - the burglars and wife-beaters and mid-level drug pushers who like every police jurisdiction across the United Kingdom, across the entire world, blighted Ravensby and District too? Just as I at that precise moment longed to get out of that godforsaken maze of the harbourside, feel the warmth of the sun once more on my face, wouldn't it be natural for Kubič to wish nothing more than to exit that investigative labyrinth in which he found himself trapped - one so full of dead ends, of necessary U-turns of ideas - and step once more onto familiar ground?

And suddenly there it was - the burnt orange imprint of the sun behind my blinking eyes, the reassuring swoosh of traffic, that now-familiar clamour of booming local voices calling out in mutual greeting. Blowing out an exhale of relief, I reopened my eyes, squinted for several moments as they adjusted to the longed-for flood of light.

What now, I wondered? What on earth was I supposed to do now?

The answer, I was surprised to realise, was a beautifully simple one. I would take another long stroll along the beach, that's what I was supposed to do. Have a look around the souvenir shops of the promenade, treat myself to something pretty - a necklace or new pair of sunglasses or a wind chime made of shells. I would find myself something good to eat - a plate of spaghetti and clams or some such thing, wash it down with a glass or two of fruity local wine. I would spend the day as a holidaymaker would, in short; after the turmoil of the last few days, the Lord knew I deserved a few hours of truce. And then the following day - Friday - I would fly home again. Spend the weekend catching up on missed paperwork, ironing my work clothes ready for the week ahead. I would remove this absurd mask I'd been wearing, settle myself once more into my true skin: Mary Rice, primary school headmistress.

Hadn't I done all that could have been expected of me? I, without technical resources, without investigative experience or know-how. Given these restrictions, hadn't I performed my filial duties commendably? Not only that, but hadn't I already gained all I'd ever really hoped to gain from this sad little adventure? I'd trodden in my father's footsteps, felt some faint lingering essence of the man take residence inside my soul.

Questions, yes. There were so many questions. But might it not be better to leave them in their current state, I wondered? Nebulous, unanswered. Like life, like death, mysteries it was advisable to reflect on only briefly and infrequently at the risk of driving oneself insane.

Leave it Mary , I could hear a voice in my head urging. Just leave it be.

Leave it Mary Just leave it be. It was then that I became aware of it - Lucio's gaze turned patiently on me, as if waiting for some flicker of acknowledgement on my part that he was still there at my side. As I, he too had been silent and pensive those last few minutes, our meeting with Salvatore and Grazia seeming to have affected him almost as much as it had affected me.



"You're not a journalist Mary, are you?"

There was no tone of accusation to his voice, no sense that he was disappointed I'd lied to him. More his words were a statement of evident fact like a remark about the weather. Lovely day, isn't it?

Lovely day, isn't it? "I saw the way you were looking at the photograph. The way you held it close to your eyes, searching for something a journalist wouldn't search. Something deeper. A connection perhaps."

"I, er... I..." Stammering, guilty as charged.

He smiled, shook his head. "It's okay. You don't have to tell me if you don't want."

Turning on his heels, he then took a couple of steps off along the street. For one awful moment I thought that might be it. The end of whatever strange ephemeral union it was we'd become. Not even a goodbye. Oh Lord, maybe he was angry after all.

was But he then turned back around, as I somehow just knew he would. There was a sudden sense of animation about him, a rising wave of excitement.

"Come Mary, I take you somewhere. A place that is very special to me. I think I have an idea."

*

The public library of Punto San Giacomo was housed in a robust nineteenth-century building a couple of streets behind the promenade.Though half an hour before official opening time, as the former head librarian Lucio still had the key.

"I come here often in the evenings," he informed me, swinging open the heavy oak door. "You know, when everybody has gone home. A library isn't really a library until you're the only one there."

The interior was grander than I might have imagined of a small town library, the floor some exquisite, vein-swirled marble, the long neat lines of books housed in elegant mahogany cases which looked like they might have been as old as the building itself. I breathed in that dusty library odour - the perfume of my adolesence and university years, those much-missed halcyon days of the 50s and 60s before computers came along and devestated the world.

"See this?" he indicated, ushering me towards a display cabinet to the right of the entrance. An eager finger pointed to the yellowed pages of three matching books which were tilted upright on a stand, these the central treasures amidst a collection of busts and medieval quill pens and various other literary artefacts. "Original first edition of Manzoni's 'The Betrothed', published in three volumes."

"Yes, I read a translation once," I offered. This a polite euphemism to mean I had sruggled my way through the first couple of chapters before deciding that life was simply much too short. "Absolutely wonderful!"

From Lucio's approving nod, it seemed my deceit had won me a few brownie points.

"1827," he enthused, returning his gaze to the hallowed pages. "Original binding and leather cover. Not for loan of course, just for looking at." He went on to recount how he'd bought it for a handful of lire in a second hand market in Lecce back in the 80s. The gold leaf had flaked from the cover, making it impossible to read the title. Whilst most Italians would be familiar with the opening lines of the later edition written in the Florentine dialect on which modern Italian is based - would perhaps be able to recite them word for word, rote-learn at high school - the original version had employed a more classical register, further masking the trilogy's precious identity.

"Guy just didn't realise what he was giving away." The shaking of Lucio's head I interpreted as continued incredulity at both of the seller's naivety and his own good fortune. "I've never had them valued, but they must be worth thousands. Perhaps even tens of thousands."

All of which was fascinating, yes, but I still didn't understand why he had brought me there. What the public library of Punto San Giacomo had to do with the sad and impenetrable mystery of Vincenzo D'Ambra.

Lucio nodded, as if sensing my impatience. A hand touched my elbow, guided me over to a side door. "Of course, books represent only a part of the public function of a modern library." With a theatrical flourish, he pushed open the door. A slick-looking computer lab was revealed beyond featuring printer, photocopier and half a dozen work stations - the sight of it starkly incongruous with the time-honoured tradition of the library's main hall. "My final years as head librarian, I banged my fist against a few tables. Made quite a nuisance of myself in the local council. Think they were sick of the sight of me, always demanding money to set this place up. Not everybody had a computer at home, I told them, one of those clever new cellphones. How were our young people supposed to search jobs, print their curriculum vitae? And the elderly, what other way did they have to keep in touch with their children and grandchildren in Milan or London or New York without spending all their pension on telephone charges? I threatened the mayor that I and my staff would go on strike if he didn't give us that money. I threatened to burn the Manzoni first editions if he didn't give us that money - and believe me Mary, I would have done it too." He proudly wafted out a hand, indicating all his tenacity had been able to acquire for the citizens of the town. "And so in the end, he had no choice but to give us the money."

Again, it was all very fascinating - all very commendable - but still I struggled to find any kind of connection. What were we doing there?

commendable "There are two universes now," he replied to my questioning gaze. "The universe made of water and stone, of skin and blood. Then there's the other universe, the one we can't touch." He opened up a mains box on the wall next to the door, the succession of flicked switches sparking a chorus of beeps and the sudden scattered twinkle of standby lights. "The one which buzzes invisibly through wires," he continued, turning to face me. "Both dangerous realms in their own way. Frightening even. But places which hide many treasures." A smile crooked momentarily at the edges of his lips. "Manzoni first editions. Moments of happiness. Of... resolution ." His right hand now slipped into the side pocket of his linen trousers, extracted the bundle of my father's letters Salvatore had agreed we could borrow. "All these letters, there have to be some names. His fellow prisoners." A hand swept once more around the lab. "Names which might be out there, somewhere among the flow of all those wires."

resolution He took a seat a work station, pulled up a second, indicated that I should join him. His gaze as I did so was one imbued by the clear light of wisdom; he a man who had not only read many more books than most, but seemed also perhaps to have analysed more thoroughly the varied lessons of life. That rarest of males, one able to comprehend the implicit and unspoken.

"I'm going to help you, Mary. Together, we're going to find your father."

~~~~~





Chapter Fourteen


Plot reminder: Lucio has worked out that Mary is not a journalist and that Vincenzo D'Ambra was in fact her father. He has taken her to the town library, his former place of work. The plan is to see if they can trace online any of the fellow prisoners D'Ambra named in the letters he sent home during the war.

Plot reminder: Lucio has worked out that Mary is not a journalist and that Vincenzo D'Ambra was in fact her father. He has taken her to the town library, his former place of work. The plan is to see if they can trace online any of the fellow prisoners D'Ambra named in the letters he sent home during the war. ~~~~~

The letters totalled forty or so, each of the time-yellowed envelopes featuring inspection label and camp of origin stamp. The first was dated February 24th 1942; the last, the 1st of September 1943. That the earliest couple of dozen had been sent from a camp numbered 565 rather than 106a provided the focus of our first Google search, the site resulting as a stately home somewhere in Bedfordshire. Another element to the story was thus added, my father's wartime itinery now complete: first the provincial barracks of Lecce, onto Brindisi, then Alessandria and Tobruk, from there all the way south to Kenya before being hauled back into the northern hemisphere - first Bedfordshire, then Lincolnshire. And here the trail came to an abrupt halt, almost like that jagged wall of rocks at the end of Punto San Giacomo beach. At some point during the first weekend of September 1943, my father had disappeared into the ether. Got swallowed somewhere, like a southward-gliding bird into the sky.

The first of the letters from camp 106a was dated the 18th of April; it was here that our search for names of fellow prisoners would begin. I carefully extracted the single sheet from envelope, unfolded it onto the desk between us. Cara famiglia it began: 'Dear family'. My eyes skimmed over the three brief paragraphs beneath, the stream of exquisite-sounding Italian words. Unable as I was to decipher many of them, my analysis focused instead on my father's handwriting. Though by no means any kind expert, a forty-year career in primary education had equipped me with a certain level of insight with regards to graphology. As a young teacher whose enthusiasm had yet to be blunted by decades of diminishing standards and government interference, it had been a source of enormous satisfaction to watch my charges' evolution from the clumsy repetition of individual letters at five years old to the cursive free-flowing individuality of pre-pubescence. I had observed, for example, that it was usually the shyest and most introspective children who, like my father, maintained a low, tight letter size. The high dots of his 'i's meanwhile suggested a heightened imagination. Of particular interest were the disproportionately wide gaps between his words, a trait which hinted at a desire for freedom and space - unsurprisingly perhaps given those cramped darkened streets which had encaged him as a child.

Cara famiglia That initial letter contained no names, but confirmed what John Simmonds had told me about the prisoners' first night in Lincolnshire having been spent under canvas, the men themselves tasked with the construction of the site. The next letter was also deviod of names, but interestingly referred to the fact that there were Land Girls working in the men's midst. ' The English have created an agricultural army of young women who bend their backs in the fields next to us ,' Lucio translated. ' This has caused quite a stir amongst the men, as you might imagine, but the guards work hard to make sure our contact with them is kept to a minimum .' The wording seemed deliberately ambiguous: too bland to attract the attention of a censor, yet at the same time darkly communicative to the family members who would read it at home. The guards' 'hard work' which my father referred to, had this included actions which infringed the Geneva Convention? Which ruptured the confines of decency and humanity? Rather than verbal warnings that the men keep themselves at a certain distance from the Land Girls, had there instead been punishments which were entirely disproportionate of nature for any prisoner who dared so much as to brush a female arm with his own. The name Sergeant Reynolds once more tore like a spike through the fabric of my mind. Had he been the one to set some manner of low, violent tone, the other British officers a herd of dismal unthinking sheep following along behind? A downward spiral which would eventually spin out of all control, result in that blackest of all crimes?

The English have created an agricultural army of young women who bend their backs in the fields next to us This has caused quite a stir amongst the men, as you might imagine, but the guards work hard to make sure our contact with them is kept to a minimum

*

The library had by this time opened to the public, the earlier restful silence now punctuated by coughs, the scrape of chairs, half-whispered exhanges, the bloody-minded squeals of running toddlers. A woman of around my own age had joined us in the computer lab, needed Lucio's constant guidance on how to switch her computer on, how to switch the screen on, how to access Microsoft Word, how to change the font and letter size, how to switch the printer on, how to load the paper into the tray, and numerous other insurmountable problems besides. Was even more clueless than myself, in short, Lucio required to display the same graceful patience as June the school secretary at my frequent exasperated cries through the office door that she come and help me for a moment.

On a couple of occasions members of staff also passed by to exchange greetings with their former colleague, their affection for him clear from the warmth of their smiles, the patted hands on his back. The eyes which had then turned on me, though not unfriendly, were curious ones. They seemed to examine me like a husband might a wife upon her return from the hairdressser's, or a neighbour the new car you've parked there in your drive. As if something familiar had in some small yet fundamental way changed, and they had yet to make up their minds whether they preferred it to how things had used to be. Not Lucio alone as they normally saw him, but Lucio in the company of woman.

Despite the distractions, by midday we'd managed to work our way through all of the camp 106a letters. Frustratingly, some of the names mentioned therein were incomplete, lacking either first or surname. There were several references to a Captain Terlizzi, for example, others to a local teacher who paid twice-weekly visits to the camp called Mr Marston. Even more numerous were mentions of a fellow prisoner named Ettore - my father's best friend it would appear and his chief assistant in the painting of the altar.

Complete names numbered just three. The first was a Giuseppe Rossi, described as the camp barber. This was a non-starter, not even worth typing into the Google search bar, similar in improbability to trying to trace a man called John Smith. The second name was Roberto Giacalone, the camp's ad hoc priest. It was he, that particular letter explained, who'd first come up with the idea of a painted background mural to the makeshift altar he'd set up. I wondered if he were the blurred figure I'd seen in the photograph which had featured in Irene's local history book, the one offering transubstantiation to a member of the congregation knelt down at his feet.

This name too proved to be a frustratingly common one however. There was a professional footballer called Roberto Giacalone, a member of a 1970s Italian rock band named Roberto Giacalone, a pre-war New York mafia boss who'd been called Roberto Giacalone. In addition, there were over five hundred separate Facebook profiles under the name.

I could feel my hopes begin to fade once more, like the slow withering of light from a summer's evening. Lucio's optimism had been infectious, pulse-quickeningly so, but not even he it seemed would be unable to lure an investigative lead from that buzzing spaghetti coil of wires.

He himself had yet to lose faith however, the final name we unearthed - that of Francesco Brancaleone - reigniting his enthusiam, The surname was rare, he assured me, one he'd never come cross before. What was more, my father had provided some specific accompanying details. This particular comrade had been a boxer, a former junior middleweight champion of Campania. This was the region around Naples, Lucio informed me as he eagerly entered the name into the search bar.

Results were indeed much less numerous than they had been for Roberto Giacalone, with only one Franceso Brancaleone noteworthy enough to merit his own wikipedia page - a former Hollywood set designer. Not the Francesco Brancaleone we were seeking, we quickly discovered, this one having been born in New Jersey in 1953.



Other than this there was a restaurant in Milan by the name of Brancaleone, but again this would draw a blank, the place having been established only a few years earlier.

The next search result was for a wine producer of the same name, Lucio's eyes widening as he clicked onto the company website. "It's near Torre Annunziata," he whispered, turning his face momentarily to mine. "That's in Campania." The section of text from which he was reading was accompanied by an image of sprawling vines tumbling down a slope towards a pristine, sparkling sea. "Founded in 1946, it says. From humble beginnings has become one of the biggest producers in the south of Italy." He scribbled down number, reached into pocket for mobile phone. There were some muttered words of Italian - words which judging from tone and accompanying rueful grimace I took to be some form of mild curse. "Damn, I have no credit." Grabbing the number, he scraped back chair. "You stay here a moment Mary. I go to the counter, make the call from the library's phone."

That stomach-squeeze of tension as I waited there in my seat was unfamiliar, something I hadn't experienced for several decades. Eighteen years old waiting at the living room bay window for the postman to bring my A' Level results. At twenty-three waking up on the morning of my first teaching post. A decade and a half later anxiously pacing around my office before my debut staff meeting as newly-appointed headmistress. All career-related things, yes. Never as on that strange June morning there in Italy something so personal, so intensely intimate.

Just as on those previous occasions, I attempted to manage the tension through belligerent negativity. By bracing myself for the very worst. So what if my A' Level results weren't the ones I was hoping for, I'd thought at the time? I'd have just had to downgrade a little the level of university I would attend, that was all. Similarly, had it turned out that teaching just wasn't for me, would it really have been the end of the world? I'd eventually have come up with some kind of viable plan B, surely? As for that first staff meeting as headmistress, who cared if the older members of my teaching staff had resented the power and authority of someone ten or twenty years their junior, and as a consequence had tried to make my life hell? I would just have made their lives even more of a hell, ground them into docile submission.

their And now, what if those sunlit rows of vines on the computer screen before me were to lead to nowhere? If, as seemed more than probable, it was another Brancaleone who owned them? What if as a consequence the investigative road were to close for good? In many ways, wouldn't it be a blessed relief? A secretly longed-for unburdening of duty?

Two or three minutes had now passed, and still Lucio hadn't returned. I shuffled myself from seat, stepped over to the doorway. Now heading towards lunchtime, the place was thinning out a little. An elderly man seated at a nearby table was fIicking through a newspaper; over at the children's section I could see a young woman deep in converstion with someone hidden behind a bookcase - the mothers no doubt of the gaggle of invisible pre-schoolers whose shrill echoing voices had soundtracked the last hour an hour or so. Over at the counter, meanwhile, a young man was either returning or checking out a pile of books, the librarian squinting at computer screen one of the former colleagues who'd earlier passed by to say hello. And there behind, receiver pressed to ear, was the dignified, grey-haired figure of Lucio. Both his free hand and facial muscles were in perpetual motion, gesturing, gesticulating, a constant shimmy-shift of emotion from confusion to comprehension, doubt to decision. apprehension to agreement. How quickly he had worked his way into my system, I marvelled. The only analogy I could think of was the local anaesthetic the specialist had applied when removing a cist from my back some years earlier. Within a click of a finger almost, I hadn't been able to feel a thing. Except Lucio was the opposite: rather than block and constrain and restrict, he instead opened, enlarged, reawakened. Not an aneasthetic but an anti-anaesthetic. A re-animator of what had long lain numb.

Maybe I could offer to take him out for lunch, I thought. Maybe, later, we could go for a walk on the beach. Share another coffee together. Talk about our favourite books...

And then?

And then what exactly, I wondered?

what Yes, this was something else I was bracing myself for. That very soon I would have to say goodbye to him. Get on an aeroplane. Never see him again.

Then almost without me realising, suddenly there he was - his lithe, still-boyish figure bounding across the marble towards me, face creased into that already familiar smile.

"It's him Mary! Francesco Brancaleone, the one we were looking for!" His excitement was such he barely even softened his voice in feigned whisper, the old man reading the newspaper at the nearby table throwing an irrtitated glance in our direction. "He remembers your father." His hands were now grasping my upper arms in celebration. "He awaits us at the vineyard." There was a glance up towards the clock on the wall, his smile widening still further. "The way I drive, I'd say we'll be there by four."

~~~~~





Chapter Fifteen


Plot reminder: After an online search, Mary and Lucio have traced one of the fellow prisoners mentioned in Vincenzo D'Ambra's wartime letters home - a wine producer called Francesco Brancaleone from the region of Campagna around Naples .

Plot reminder: After an online search, Mary and Lucio have traced one of the fellow prisoners mentioned in Vincenzo D'Ambra's wartime letters home - a wine producer called Francesco Brancaleone from the region of Campagna around Naples ~~~~~

And thus fifteen minutes later I found myself bouncing along in the passenger seat of Lucio's ancient Fiat Panda, an excited Dante fidgeting around behind us, trying his best to clamber over handbrake and gearstick and join us in the front. As for Lucio's promise that we'd be there by four o'clock - a four-hour drive thus reduced to a little over three - he seemed to be doing his best to make good on it. For my own part, I fought against my natural inclination for order and measure. Just took a deep breath and tried to - what was that expression? - go with the flow . Wasn't I fifty per cent of this, after all? Half of a reckless, exuberant southern Italian? Four of those eight pints of blood squirming along my veins, weren't they tied to this dry, rock-strewn landscape we were rattling through? I was a one-woman testament to the dominance of nuture over nature, that sociological maxim which states that a prince brought up amongst wolves will be far more wolf than prince. My biological grandfathers had been a Liverpool docker and a Puglian fisherman, and yet I, by way of a stuffy middle class upbringing, had become a stuffy middle class woman. Aloof, bound only to my work. But there jerking and lurching along in Lucio's rusty tin can of a car, Dante licking at the back of my ear, I came to realise that maybe the war had not yet been lost after all. For sixty-three years my true self had been subdued, pushed to the cowering shadows, but for all this she was still alive, not quite beaten into subsmission. I could feel her beginning to stir, could almost hear the crack of her limbs as she stretched herself awake.

go with the flow "Why are you doing this?" I asked.

Lucio waited until he'd navigated another screeching white-knuckle ride of a roundabout before casting me a sideways glance.

"Doing what Mary?"

I swept out a hand, a gesture both vague and yet all-encompassing at the same time. "This. Helping me out."

For me it was a mystery as inexplicable as the workings of a telephone, how it was possible to hear someone's voice on the other side of town, the other side of the world.

From the toss of his shoulders, it seemed it might equally have been as much of a mystery to him too.

"Perhaps I feel I need to have an adventure. The Lord knows it's been a long time since the last one."

I found myself wondering what he meant by adventure exactly? The specific youthful folly of jumping in the car and embarking on a six- or seven-hour round journey without any guarantee of further leads being unearthed? The more general context of this strange little amateur investigation I'd been conducting? Or something else entirely? Something amorphous, as yet to be defined. A faint distant sparkle amidst our mutual darkness.

He nodded sombrely to himself. "My good friends always say I live my life through books. Feel things only as an echo." There was another sideways glance across at me. "So I'm trying to live my own story. Feel the full force of things."

own I found myself wondering once more about his wife. About whether I should just come out and ask him about her. Maybe that was what was expected of me. As computers, how to discuss personal matters was something I'd never really got the hang of. There wasn't even an instruction manual one could refer to, a technician to call.

He'd turned his eyes back to the road ahead, his smile discernable from that spray of creviced ridges at the corner of his eye.

"And Dante, I think he likes having adventures too."



Oh yes, I was in absolutely no doubt about this. Yet again, I could feel that moist slimy tongue behind my ear, was forced to push snout away with my palm.

He would tell me when he was ready, I concluded as I rooted around shoulder bag for a packet of handwipes. His marriage. His life story. Whatever dark secrets a former head librarian might have. His whole self, it would at some undefinable point in time be recounted to me.

In the meantime, might it not be an idea were I the one to start first? It was funny, but the idea had never occured to me before.

I The beginning , I thought to myself. For clarity's sake, I would need to start at the very beginning.

The beginning I took a deep breath, listened like a stranger as the words began to flood from my mouth...

*

We stopped at a service station somewhere near Benevento: a panino and coffee at one of the outside picnic tables nestled in the merciful shade of an olive grove. When Lucio rose to make a quick visit to the gents, I found myself in the unprecedented position of being alone in charge of a dog. Perhaps like class 3B when confronted by a young supply teacher in the art room that regrettable afternoon, Dante could sense my lack of status and experience, could almost smell the opportunity for wreaking havoc. Thus I found myself dragged off in search of whatever unimaginably foul odours they are which excite canine nostrils so. There lurching along after that manically swinging tail, the dappled sunshine equally as playful in its rapid pulsing of light then shade, St Joseph's Primary seemed a world away. Seemed a solar system away. An entire galaxy.

Over the course of the previous two hours, I'd told Lucio everything. Had just started talking and like a tightly wound clockwork toy had been unable to stop. The tragic circumstances surrounding my birth. That slow-drip realisation that my parents weren't my biological ones. My adoptive father's increasing indifference, even coldness, in my regards. The way I'd thrown myself into my studies; like a frightened snail, snuggled myself ever further into my shell. Then at university, the charade that was the only long-term relationship I'd ever had - a business undergraduate called Hugo who was as socially inept as I, as manically career-focused as I, as psychologically scarred as I, and who I had unceremoniously dumped at his first merest hint of marriage, children, some kind of grimly bound future together. Those endless solitary decades which had followed. The twelve-hour working days, each approaching weekend a thing of black dread, the last day of summer term the entrance to some infinite underground tunnel. Those periodic trawls through the lonely hearts column when the solitude threatened to press down on me, squash me into a grey melancholy pulp. Nothing ever longer than two or three dates, an inelegant collision of mutual long-denied needs.

I told him too how in the aftermath of my adoptive mother's death I'd traced Irene. How my joy had been tempered by the fact I remained some shameful, unutterable secret, an illegitimate outcast. How within two and a half years she died too, her funeral just forty-eight hours earlier. I recounted the accompanying horror of what had appeared my biological father's tragic and untimely death, what seemed still almost certain to prove my biological father's tragic and untimely death. My conversations with George Shreeves, John Simmonds, Peter Harvey. How my conclusions and hypotheses had been folded inside an envelope and posted to Inspector Kubič. How I'd then sat in my car across the road from my half-sister's house, a mute spectator to the familial embraces and farewells. Especially that, yes. A detailed psychological description.

All of which Lucio had listened to attentively, gravely, like a citizen to a declaration of war delivered over the radio. His interruptions had been infrequent, and these always pertinent - a series of searching, murmured questions, enough for me to know that as far as another human being was able he'd been trying to absorb my words. To comprehend them.



And then, when I had finished, there had been silence. Not one of those empty periods of wordlessness which grind and croak and embarrass, but a constructive silence, the sort during which ideas might be formed, lines of poetry take shape.

*

"Here, let me take him off you," came Lucio's sudden voice behind me.

It was a relief at last to be liberated from Dante's full straining weight.

"Would pull your arm of if you let him."

As the three of us stepped back towards the car, I could sense an air of resolution, as if the words Lucio had been searching for had now been found. Indeed, no sooner had we filled the tank up with petrol and spluttered back out onto the cross-peninsula motorway than he spoke them out loud.

"You know, I think you're wrong about something Mary. Irene didn't give you away, she just loaned you out, that was all. Like a private collector might loan a work of art to a public gallery so that more people may look and experience and marvel at it."

Loaned, not given away . It was little more than a lexical subtelty perhaps, but one I'd never considered before. Crucially, it made sense, bore the gloss of validity. I remembered Irene's smile that April day there at her front door. Oh yes love, I know who you are . Almost as if my sudden appearance all those decades later had been expected somehow. An inevitability long ago foreseen. Part of the deal she'd struck with the Lord that heartbroken spring of'44.

Loaned, not given away . Oh yes love, I know who you are Maybe it was the comfort the thought provided, or the endless nature of the day, the constant motion of the wheels beneath me - probably a combination of all three - but I could feel my eyelids grow heavier.

Soon, they would close completely.

*

When I opened them again around an hour later the scene which awaited me was a strangely familiar one. Straight rows of vines tumbled down a hill, a pretty villa nestled halfway down in their midst. Beyond stretched the flat wide stripe of the sea - a sea so perfectly blue it took a moment to locate the line dividing it from the cloudless Mediterrannean sky which arched above. The same view which had featured on the website.

We'd arrived.

"Ten past four," winced Lucio ruefully, glancing at his watch. "Almost made it in time."

Waiting for us at the end of the driveway was the granddaughter - a gracious young woman of around thirty who introduced herself as Cosima. As she led us through the blissfully cool interior of the villa towards rear terrace, she explained that her grandfather's role in the business was now a purely advisory one, her father for the last couple of decades having taken over the day-to-day running of the business. The summer months would still see her grandfather up at the crack of dawn, however. She described how his hobbling silhouette would still be visible out among the vines, every so often a doddery hand plucking off a grape, tongue squishing its juices, testing the balance of acidity and sweetness. The correct moment to harvest - any time between mid-August and late September - was the most fundamental decision of a vintner's year, one as family patriach he still claimed the right to make.

Seated at a wrought iron table, Francesco Brancaleone would prove similarly as striking as the view which the terrace looked out on. Though the muscles had inevitably sagged and waned over the decades, the ex boxer was still traceable in the broad shoulders, the steely set of the jaw. Perhaps even more impressive was the full head of brushed back hair, a pure blinding white rather than grey, a brightness lent stark contrast against the sun-scorched face.

As Lidia sorted Dante out with a bowl of water and some leftovers from lunch, the old man began his story, one analagous in many ways to my father's. Called up in 1940 aged nineteen, he too had been sent to North Africa, only for he and his platoon to be quickly captured; El Alamein in his case. They'd subsequently been forced to suffer a long sea-voyage to India, only to have to suffer it again in reverse as the inglesi sought to exploit such a ready swell of manpower in their chronically undermanned agricultural sector. First Dorset, then Wales, and from there a brand new camp in Lincolnshire, number 106a.

inglesi As Salvatore D'Ambra earlier that day, the old man spoke not in standard Italian but a thick local dialect - in his case that of the tough Neapolitan neighbourhood of Forcella. Lucio seemed relieved when Cosima returned from the kitchen with a tray of coffees, pulled up a chair with us. Thus we proceeded, a strange multi-round game of Chinese whispers, grandfather to grandaughter to Lucio to me, then all the way back again in reverse order.

The inglesi worked them hard, Francesco recounted, but honest toil was something he'd learnt to have no fear of; the rain aside, was something he'd actually rather enjoyed. It was there in the British countryside, back bent to the soil, that he'd vowed never to return to Forcella. Never again the dirt and the hunger, the height of a young man's ambition that of becoming paid muscle at the service of the Camorra mafia. And so it had proven. Upon his rimpatria in '46 he'd returned to his childhood home just long enough to drag his sweetheart - Cosima's grandmother - out of there. Pooling their meagre savings, they'd bought a three-hectare plot of stone-strewn soil a little further along the coast, a handful of falanghina vines. He'd known little about grape cultivation, less still about wine production, but had soon learned. Within ten years those three hectares had become fifty; within twenty, five hundred.

inglesi falanghina "Three things," he expounded, his pride in his own achievements undiminished even after so many decades. "All is possible if a man put there three things." A fist banged passionately in turn against each of the listed bodily zones. " 'U cor, 'a schen e 'a capa ." The heart, the back and the head.

'U cor, 'a schen e 'a capa A shake of this latter seemed then to pull him back into the here and now. "But you haven't come all this way to talk about me. You want to know about Michelangelo, right?"

Michelangelo ?

Michelangelo "We prisoners all had nicknames," he explained. "Vincenzo's was Michelangelo, on account of the altar he was painting."

His gaze was engaged, still-lucid despite his age. One he turned first on Lucio, then towards me.

"So tell me, what is it you need to know?"

~~~~~





Chapter Sixteen


Plot reminder: Mary and Lucio have driven to the region of Campagna to visit Francesco Brancaleone, a former prisoner of camp 106a. The three are seated at a table overlooking the Tyrrhenian Sea. With them is the old man's granddaughter, Cosima.

During the journey across the peninsula, Mary told Lucio her life story .

Plot reminder: Mary and Lucio have driven to the region of Campagna to visit Francesco Brancaleone, a former prisoner of camp 106a. The three are seated at a table overlooking the Tyrrhenian Sea. With them is the old man's granddaughter, Cosima.

During the journey across the peninsula, Mary told Lucio her life story ~~~~~

The nodding of the old man's head was slow at first, then grew ever more effusive. It was as if an image had swept itself through the fog of the decades, was now there before his eyes, as clear and irrefutable as a photograph.

"Irene, si . I remember Irene. Michelangelo's girl. The second prettiest of all the Land Girls." The final two words were delivered in English, his lips curved in wry, nostalgic smile. "The only diamond which shone brighter than Irene was my Rose." He raised his eyes skywards in heartfelt plea, right hand criss-crossing chest in genuflection. "If you're up there listening Mariangela, then per favore , you must forgive me. It was the only time in all our years together that I betrayed you, I swear."

si per favore There was a glance then towards his granddaughter - fleeting, embarrassed. In response, Cosima brushed a hand against his. Though hearing one's grandfather admit to some ancient disloyalty towards one's late grandmother was far from an everyday occurrence, she seemed more moved than scandalised, as if viewing her grandfather from some new angle, in a different quality of light. Confronted by their obstinacy and forgetfulness and ever increasing list of ailments, it's easy sometimes to forget that elderly relatives were once young. That at eighteen, twenty, twenty-five, they were every bit as urgent and reckless as oneself.

"You must understand, we were young men, had been away from home for three years." His gaze was mellowed by the irrestible swell of nostalgia. "Blonde hair, big blue eyes. Said she came from Nottingham, like Robin Hood."

"Can you remember her surname?" I pressed hopefully.

He observed the sun-sparkled Tyrrenean beneath us for some moments, as if it might be written in the gentle swelling of the waves. Finally, there was a regretful shake of the head.

"No, no I can't. Too many years have passed." A sudden frown then corrugated brow. "But I don't understand. Why are you asking about Irene? What's she got to do with those bones they found?"

she *

I gave him the abridged version, just two chapters - the first and most recent. Skipped over that long, dense middle section I'd earlier that afternoon narrated to Lucio. Pruned down the details to the most factual and case-pertinent, left out the stodge, all that was personal and psycho-analytical. Kept things lean, in short. Pared down. Hemingway rather than Manzoni.

Less is sometimes more, don't they say? The implicit more powerful than the explicit. A narrator's skill is inherent not so much in what he or she chooses to say, but in what he or she chooses not to say.

Thus it was that halfway through my account the old man reached for my hand across the table, enveloped it for several moments in the roughened leatheriness of his own. Cosima meanwhile scraped back chair, wrapped an arm around my shoulder, squeezed tight. Even Dante had curled himself up at my feet as if volunteering himself to the role of personal guard and protector.

Dogs and Italians, I thought - both were unhindered in spontaneous acts of sympathy. Of emotional solidarity.

As touching as Francesco and Cosima's gestures were, this wasn't why Lucio and I had driven all that way however. Answers . As the only person I was ever likely to meet who had been present inside the coiled perimeter ring of barb that long-ago September, I was hoping Francesco Brancaleone might be able to provide me with answers. Flick some kind of match flame into the impenetrable darkness.

Answers

*

Of the thirty shillings Irene had lent my father, the old man knew nothing nor was able to hypothesise.

"Not a gambling debt though," he assured me. "Of that I'm certain. Cards were about the only distraction most of the men had: scopa, briscola , poker. That thrill of pushing a week's ration of cigarettes into the pot before the final reveal. Some ended up owing more than they possessed, could ever possibly hope to possess. Not Michelangelo though. Don't think I ever saw him play a single hand. Too busy working on that altar of his, every free minute he had."

scopa, briscola As for the last time he'd seen my father, his answer was as categoric as it was immediate.

"The Saturday night, lights out. His bunk was across the hut from mine, two or three down to the left."

"How did it work exactly?" I asked. "He and Irene? Their private encounters. When and where did they meet to be alone?"

It was a question which I'd never put to Irene of course: how many of us wish to know the precise details of our conceptions, after all? Until forty-eight hours earlier, the logistics of their covert trysts had been of little interest to me, a detail my mind had been happy to gloss over.

There had been copse of trees, Brancaleone informed me. Yes - I remembered it from two days before as John Simmonds and I had stood and surveyed the scene: a thick cluster of ashes behind the site portacabin. A section of the perimeter barb had been set a little more loosely than the rest, the old man continued. With a modicum of care and poise, a man might wriggle himself through with little more than a couple of scratches. At two hundred metres from the wire, the trees were far enough to be out of earshot but close enough to be just a thirty-second dash away.

"And that particular Saturday night, do you think my father and Irene had planned to meet?"

"I don't think Mary. I know ." He lent foward a little, as if in conspiracy. "Those trees, we're not talking some great forest. Private enough for one couple, si , but not for two. We took it in turns you see, one Saturday night Rosie and I, the next Michelangelo and Irene, and that particular Saturday night happened to be their turn. As my Rose, Irene would sneak out of her farmhouse, pedal along the country lanes on the farmer's wife's bicycle."

think I know si At that stage I sought not to absorb the mounting tide of details, attempt to shape them into some kind of watertight hypothesis. That would come later, the long drive back across the Italian peninsula. The days and weeks and years which would follow. For now, I felt like I was on some strange kind of supermarket dash, my hands grabbing blindly out, throwing whatever they snatched into my investigative basket.

"What can you tell me about Sergeant Reynolds?" I asked next.

At the mention of the name, Brancaleone clamped hand dramatically to heart, followed this by an equally theatrical genuflection. "It's a name that stirs my memory, Mary. Bad memories." His gaze fixed itself on the distant horizon, brow slightly lowered, brooding. "I never liked the English much." Realising this may have seemed offensive, he glanced back at me, sought to qualify his statement. "Not those in uniform, anyway. They thought themselves superior to us Italians, like we were just their idiot slaves. But Sergeant Reynolds, he was the worst of all. It wasn't just the usual arrogance with him, but pure hatred. Must have been in his fifties, a first world war veteran they said. They said too a couple of years earlier he'd lost a son to one of our bullets at the Battle of Bardia. You could see it in his eyes. Not fire exactly, more a dense fog." He nodded grimly to himself. "The alcohol, you could smell it on his breath. Driving the truck back to camp at the end of the day. Sometimes on the way out in the morning too."

"I don't suppose you remember if was on guard duty that night?"

This provoked a bitter smile. "Then you suppose wrong, Mary. I remember, I remember. The end of that summer had been hot, unusually so. Muggy enough that we left the windows of the hut open. The windows of the guard house must have been open too. I remember before I fell asleep, I could hear him and another officer singing away, drunk as hell. Never without a bottle of gin, Sergeant Reynolds."

Several seconds were then spent in silent contemplation of the sea, head gently nodding to himself, reeling the memory in.

"Normally they allowed us sleep a little longer on Sunday, but not that Sunday. Crack of dawn they came barging into the hut, bayonets fixed on rifles. Well, first thing I did was look over towards Michelangelo's bunk. Empty of course. I never for one second thought he'd tried an escape though. We'd become pretty good friends for one thing, and I'm sure he would have told me if was planning something like that. Then for a second thing he still had the altar painting to finish. Would never have left it half done like that." The horizon-scanning gaze grew in intensity. "In the meantime the inglesi were barking at us like dogs, 'you grab your things now wop, time for a little trip'. Outside, there was chaos, trucks kicking up a storm of dust."

inglesi "There was no roll call?"

"No roll call, no. Just shoved us out of the door and onto the waiting trucks. I remember shouting out that Michelangelo had gone to meet his girl but hadn't returned. Trying to get the word out to as many of the men I could before the trucks set off." There was a shake of the head, one tinged by an anger that sixty-four years had been unable to subdue. "I remember rattling around in the bed of that truck till almost midnight. First one camp, kicked two or three of us out, then onto the next, another two or three. I ended up in some place called Cheshire I think it was. Just a few days, no more than a week, then moved me on again. Scotland this time. Rained even bloody more up there!" The memory prompted a weak smile, one which faded quickly. "By this point I was on my own. Not a single comrade from camp 106a left. I reckon they feared a riot, but separated like that there was nothing to be done. Many men may shout, one alone can only whisper." His gaze shifted from horizon, focused once more on me. "But the most disturbing thing of all I have yet to tell you. As their bayonets were prodding me onto the truck that morning, another shout was going around the men. A second bunk had been empty that morning too. The Monk's."

"The Monk?"

He nodded. "Like I said, we all had nicknames. And that was what we called Ettore."

Ettore , I thought. A name which had featured on numerous occasions throughout my father's letters home.

Ettore , "Michelangelo's best friend," the old man confirmed. "A shy boy from Lecce. Ettore Lo Bianco was his name."

~~~~~





Chapter Seventeen


Plot reminder: Mary and Lucio have just visited Francesco Brancaleone, a former prisoner of camp 106a. He recounted how Vincenzo D'Ambra had planned a tryst with Irene and how the next morning all the men were quickly moved on to other camps. Confirming that Sergeant Reynolds had been on duty that night, he also revealed that a second man was missing, D'Ambra's best friend Ettore Lo Bianco .

Plot reminder: Mary and Lucio have just visited Francesco Brancaleone, a former prisoner of camp 106a. He recounted how Vincenzo D'Ambra had planned a tryst with Irene and how the next morning all the men were quickly moved on to other camps. Confirming that Sergeant Reynolds had been on duty that night, he also revealed that a second man was missing, D'Ambra's best friend Ettore Lo Bianco ~~~~~

The return journey was a wordless one at first, ours a tired silence, yes, but also reflective, our minds shuttling between those many and varied investigative signposts the old man had planted. A mental route map which no matter how many times re-run, no matter how many alternative diversions we explored or dead-end streets we temporarily got lost down, arrived always at the same destination, that chilling inevitable conclusion: the bones which had been unearthed in that dank, dismal field were those of Ettore Lo Bianco, my father's closest friend and chief assistant in the painting of the altar.

This much seemed a given; only the precise dynamics of the incident were still open to debate, historical interpretation. Had Reynolds and the other guard on duty that night come across Lo Bianco's escape attempt during a sweep around the perimeter fence, the prisoner refusing to halt, forcing them to give chase? Possibly, but given the mugginess of the night Francesco Brancaleone had described, wasn't it strange that their calls and shouts hadn't awoken some of the prisoners through the opened windows of the Nissen huts? No, much more probable was the bloodcurdling hypothesis that Reynolds and his accomplices had somehow got wind of Lo Bianco's escape plans and had been waiting in ambush for him beyond the wire. That the whole godless incident had been pre-meditated. Willed.

And if this were indeed true, then there was perhaps a second supposition that an investigator might confidently make: Vincenzo D'Ambra too had been ruthlessly knifed down under the cloak of that terrible September night. Whilst sixty-four years later the mouth of the digger had chanced upon Lo Bianco's remains, his own were still hidden there somewhere beneath the Lincolnshire soil. How else could one explain the unearthing of his ID tags in the vicinity? How else the fact that he was never seen or heard of again?

I wondered if the pair had been attempting to escape together. Or if, given the expertise he'd gained over the previous months at slipping himself beyond the wire to meet Irene, my father had acted only as assistant and accomplice, the thirty shillings borrowed not for himself but for his friend. As Francesco Brancaleone believed, he'd simply had too many reasons to remain. Not just the painted altar, but Irene too.

My mother, yes...

Had their tryst been postponed that night, I wondered, or had she been waiting there vainly in the nearby copse of trees for him to arrive? The blackness of the night blinding her, the rustle of the leaves above covering the hissed whispering voices, the muffled cries of pain.

*

We were back onto the motorway, the rosy tint of approaching sunset framed in the wing mirror to my right, when finally I voiced out loud the thought which like a new bruise had been swelling in my mind.

"Maybe I was wrong."

Lucio swivelled head sideways, observed me curiously for a moment.

"About my mother," I explained. "Maybe it was just a coincidence. She died in her sleep, nothing more than that."

It seemed the only possible explanation, that contrary to my original belief my father's murder and mother's death were two separate events, as distinct from each other as the sun and the moon. I doubted that Reynolds or his accomplices had boasted of the foul deed to their children or grandchildren. Murder wasn't a medal of military valour or some distant sporting triumph. And even if someone amongst later generations had known, it was unlikely that the name Irene Harvey would mean anything to them, that upon discovery of the remains she had been considered some nefarious threat to family honour, to be silenced immediately.

had

"It's possible," Lucio concurred. "Coincidences are like snow on Punto San Giacomo beach. Rare, but once or twice, I have seen it happen."

He squinted gaze at the road ahead, that consumed focus of his, a poet searching the next line.

"We may never be certain of what really happened," he mused. "All I'm sure of is this: If I'd ever had a daughter, I would hope that she would have been like you. Someone who, if there was ever need, would fight for me." He glanced sideways once more, flickered lips into a smile. "Fight like a boxer in the ring. Like the sea against the rocks."

As the wheels continued to turn beneath us, carry us towards the end of that long, shadow-shifting day, my heart was once more saddened by the thought that tomorrow I would have to say my goodbyes to this sweet, wonderful man.

*

It was a little after nine o'clock that we rolled back into Punto San Giacomo, the rearview sunset having by this time deepened to a dramatic blood red. I'd offered to take over the wheel for an hour or so, allow Lucio to rest his eyes, have a little time out, but he'd merely swept out a dismissive hand. An exaggerated sense of male chivalry perhaps, or else simply hadn't wished to trust his life to someone used to driving on the wrong side of the road.

With nothing else to focus my mind on, I thus found myself settling on a plan of action. I would, I decided, write another anonymous letter to Inspector Kubič detailing the afternoon's revelations. I didn't expect him to act on my word alone of course, but it would be a simple enough matter for him to seek confirmation of Francesco Brancaleone's story via his Italian counterparts. Once convinced of the validity of the hypothesis - the overwhelming probability that what he was dealing with was a double murder - the limited public expenditure of conducting a cadavre search could surely be justified. There were dogs specially trained for such things, I believed, and I remembered the tragic case of a missing ten-year-old girl back in Sussex and how the police had used helicopters equipped with some sort of special ground radar to scan the fields in search of a shallow grave. The chances were high that my father's remains would quickly be found. That my uncle Salvatore, after all those long decades of uncertainty, would finally be able to say his goobyes. And that I, conversely, would in some way be able to say hello.

double The task could wait until I got back to Sussex however. Right at that moment my only intention was to enjoy the little time that remained to me there in Italy. Lap up the final hour or two I might be privileged enough to spend in Lucio's company.

"Let me treat you to dinner somewhere," I offered as he veered steering wheel into a precious curbside parking space. "To thank you for all your help."

Twisting key from ignition, he turned me half a smile. "Dinner - yes of course. I'm afraid I'm too old-fashioned to allow a lady to pay for me however. But if you like we could - what's that expression? - go Dutch. "

go Dutch. It was a deal.

"There's something I have to check first though. Something my curiosity won't allow me to put on hold." Unclicking seat belt, he pressed finger to lips, nodded towards Dante curled up fast asleep on the rear seat. It had been a long day for him too. "We'll leave him here. It won't take long."

We'd parked just a couple of buildings down from the library, I realised as I stretched myself from passenger door. The evening was full of voices, the buzz of passing scooters; after the soft steady swoosh of the motorway and then main coast road, Punto San Giacomo came as something as a sonic shock.

"Ettore Lo Bianco. Quite an unusual name. And Francesco told us his hometown too: Lecce. I just wonder if we might be able to find a relative. A brother or sister perhaps. Someone who like Salvatore D'Ambra has waited all these years with no news."

And so for the second time that day, twelve hours after the first, I watched as Lucio rattled brass key into library door, with a flourished hand indicated ladies first. Both the coolness and the silence were immediate, refreshing, the main hall faintly illuminated by the diagonal sheens of streetlight which washed across the marble floor from the high windows. I had never been in a library in the dark before. It felt somehow liberating and slightly risque, the sort of thing some silly teenager might do.

I followed Lucio's shadow towards the computer room, his hand reaching instinctively to the mains box like a homeowner's to hallway light switch. In the flickering blue light of the computer screen, I pulled up a chair beside him, watched as he typed the name into the Google search bar. Though unable to decipher much from the thrown up tangle of Italian, results seemed to be numerous. Finger clicking at mouse, Lucio leant himself further towards screen. There was what appeared to be an article from a newspaper entitled 'L'Arena ', an accompanying image of some faded rennaissance-era fresco. Lucio's eyebrows lowered in frown - one which at first seemed doubtful before then settling into an unequivocal expression of deepest confusion.

'L'Arena "But I don't understand."

"What is it Lucio?" I asked. Though initially only relative, my interest had now peaked.

"Born in Lecce in 1923 it says."

But still I hadn't quite understood the significance.

As if in explanation, a finger pointed towards the top of the screen. "This article is from 19 years ago Mary. Look - 1988."

He turned towards me, that absorbing contoured face lent added mystery by the contrast of blue flickering light and darkest shadow.

"In 1988 Ettore Lo Bianco was alive and well and working as an art restorer in Verona."

Thus my mental blackboard was once more wiped clean. All those meticulously chalked up notes, the logically formed hypotheses and scenarios, with one sudden swipe of the duster swept from sight. An impenetrable slate-grey, that was all that remained.

If not my father's nor Ettore Lo Bianco's, then whose bones were they which the digger mouth had bitten out of that black Lincolnshire soil?

were *

Amongst the other Google search results were numerous newspaper articles similar to the first, almost all accompanied by an image of some renaissance- or medieval-era artwork which Lo Bianco and his regional restoration team had worked on. He even had his own wikipedia entry; although brief in nature and focused principally on the various landmarks of his professional life, it confirmed his date and place of birth as well as the fact of his conscription to military service in 1941. No mention of wife or offspring, so most probably had remained a bachelor all of his life. Most notable amongst the accompanying list of qualifications meanwhile was a first-class honours degree in Art History from Cambridge Univeristy.

"No obituary," I found myself whispering as Lucio continued to click through the search results. "There's no obituary."

My father's closest wartime friend was, it seemed, still alive.

A brief volley of mouse-clicks later and there they were on the screen before us: Ettore Lo Bianco's home address and telephone number. I recall that faint heart thud of anticipation as I stood at the library counter and watched Lucio lift receiver to ear. Peter Harvey, Salvatore D'Ambra, Francesco Brancaleone... Like gentle guiding hands, each successive interview had ushered me a little further into the story, taken me a few more stuttering steps through the mist. Would the voice on the other end of the line finally be able to lead us towards whichever terrible secret was there concealed?

"Signor Lo Bianco? Ettore Lo Bianco?"

Lucio's opening words, their hopeful inflection, were practically all I would understand of the brief subsequent conversation. I was left to interpret the gestural and nonverbal - the way his initial thrilled optimism quickly collapsed to a shock so profound it was almost disquieting to witness. He was left staring at the now-lowered receiver there in his fist like a man who'd been handed a live grenade.

"I asked if he was the same Ettore Lo Bianco who'd been a prisoner at camp 106a in England. If he'd helped paint the altar." Finally, Lucio turned his gaze towards me, his expression dulled with incomprehension. "He told me to please never to call him again. Then hung up."

~~~~~





Chapter Eighteen


Plot reminder: After her conversation with Francesco Brancaleone, Mary believed that the remains were those of her father's best wartime friend, Ettore Lo Bianco. It was a theory soon however shot out of the water when, back in Punto San Giacomo, a Google search of the name reveals that Lo Bianco is still alive. A former art restorer, he lives in the northern Italian city of Verona. The mystery thickens further when, over the phone, Lo Bianco refuses to be engaged in conversation of his wartime experiences and abruptly hangs up .

Plot reminder: After her conversation with Francesco Brancaleone, Mary believed that the remains were those of her father's best wartime friend, Ettore Lo Bianco. It was a theory soon however shot out of the water when, back in Punto San Giacomo, a Google search of the name reveals that Lo Bianco is still alive. A former art restorer, he lives in the northern Italian city of Verona. The mystery thickens further when, over the phone, Lo Bianco refuses to be engaged in conversation of his wartime experiences and abruptly hangs up ~~~~~

Lucio and I would indeed dine out together that night - a pleasant seafood place on the promenade - but it was far from the relaxed smalltalky goodbye I had envisaged when suggesting the idea. Instead, our conversation was a frowned, perplexed affair, our words as we munched on our marinated octopus and deep-fried squid delivered in the hushed urgency of plotting conspirators. Neither of us, I don't believe, were fully able to grasp the implications of Lo Bianco's refusal to broach the subject of his wartime experiences - a refusal rendered ever blunter by the second quickly hung up call a minute after the first - but at the same time it was clear that something wasn't quite right, that lurking beneath the mystery of the unearthed remains of camp 106a was something even darker and more sinister than could have originally been hypothesised. Some elusive slithering beast of thing.

"We have no other choice," concluded Lucio, refilling my wine glass. "We have to go up there to Verona, confront him face to face."

Thus the story continued. Not only at an investigative level but also our story, Lucio's and mine. His choice of pronoun had been without premeditation, as natural as his smile. 'We' not 'you'. A grammatical confirmation of whatever manner of strange, thrown-together union we'd become.

our *

The following morning, Friday, was a frenetic bustle of phone calls, hastily packed cases, the filling up of petrol tanks. After checking out of my B & B, I got in the hire car and - with my right foot a little heavier on the accelerator than I felt entirely comfortable with - followed Lucio to Brindisi airport. Once the vehicle had been returned to Avis, I then lowered myself onto the passenger seat of his Panda. Even by Lucio's somewhat optimistic estimates, we faced a nine-hour drive north. A pair of single rooms had been booked in a hotel a short stroll from Verona's central square, Piazza Bra. Two nights, which was one more than was entirely necessary perhaps, but it would have been cruel - at least this was what I told myself - to have expected Lucio to make such a long and solitary return journey the very next day. I'd meanwhile changed my original travel bookings and was now scheduled to board a Stanstead-bound flight from Verona airport on Sunday morning. As for Dante, he would be well-looked after by one of Lucio's cousins and her family. It was strange, but I had a feeling I was actually going to miss his tongue-flapping canine exuberence.

We could have caught an internal flight perhaps, if not from Brindisi then a little further up the coast in Bari, but I think both of us were enjoying the bizarre road movie our acquaintanceship had become. There's something about travelling long distances overland, something in the slow-shift changes of the landscape, the tilting angle of light, which lends substance to all those passing miles. Whilst a flight is little more than a departure point and a destination with an iffy rom-com film and mini bottle of Chianti sandwiched inbetween, an overland haul is on some level a flag-planting expedition, a gently rolling quixotic escapade.

Before setting off that morning, Lucio had dumped a pile of CDs onto the backseat, the journey thus soundtracked by an eclectic mix of jazz, folk, classical and blues. His literary tastes, my gentle probings would reveal, were equally as varied: Manzoni, of course, but also Steinbeck, Swift, DeLillo, Camillieri. He explained to me the differences between the north and south of his country - those socio-economic of nature, cultural, culinary, the different types of wines. This latter, yes - most especially he talked about wines, embarked on a long discourse about the innate superiority of southern grapes over northern ones, how in his opinion a good wine should be strong, corpulent, fruity; about how you should be able to taste those long unbroken months of Mediterranean sun on your tongue. After books and dogs, wine was, it appeared, his greatest passion in life.



It was at the most ardent, hand-gesturing point of his speech that he reigned himself in, smiled apologetically across at me.

"Boring you Mary, aren't I?"

But he wasn't, not at all. The tone of his voice was as rich and seasoned as some decades-old vintage, those periodic poetic flourishes with which he imbued his words so lilting and musical, that I could have quite happily listened to him reciting the phonebook. At least for a little while perhaps.

He asked me things too of course. Like why we English were such reluctant Europeans? And how we could still allow ourselves to be subjects to an unelected head of state? Of course, I was likewise required to reel off my list of favourite books and authors. Was it so very wrong of me, I wondered, that alongside genuine preferences I also feigned a deep appreciation of writers as stylistically and chronologically diverse as Chaucer, Byron, Harper Lee and Ian McEwan? Don't all of us play the same game? At first, when everything is still to be discovered - still to be decided, acted upon - don't we press our thumbs once more into our own clay, give ourselves a slight touch up, reshape the minutiae? Pretending to be in some way hipper or more erudite than we really are, isn't it the same as covering a blemish with foundation powder or running a liner pencil around one's eyes to highlight their shape and colour? When everything is still to be won or lost, isn't human nature the same as a peacock's? Don't we strut and preen? Show our feathers?

me Our conversation was as rolling and unbound as the passing countryside. The rain-starved wildness of Puglia morphed into the billowing contours of Molise, this in turn into the vast heady drama of Abruzzo - the sparkling blue of the Adriatic a constant to our right, the rough-hewn peaks of the Gran Sasso mountain range thrusting skywards to our left. On then to the steep green hillsides of the Marche region, the bright shimmering sprawls of sunflower fields. Around Rimini, the motorway turned inland, the final jags of the Appenines giving way to the wide swathe of the northern plain just before Bologna. From there, we took a right turn onto another motorway, this directed straight and unflinching towards the distant violet swell of the Alps.

"Mantua," murmured Lucio, nodding towards a passing motorway exit sign.

Some half-remembered detail from English Lit A'Level pinged in my brain. "Wasn't that where Romeo was banished after he killed...er... Killed...?" But the accompanying name, that of Juliet's cousin, refused to step from the cerebral shade.

"Tybalt," Lucio nodded. "Yes, this is the place. One of Italy's many hidden gems. Birthplace of Virgil." He stared grimly at the road ahead, that jagged line of approaching mountains. "It was also my wife's hometown."

My heart skipped a beat. Finally, he was going to tell me about his wife.

Or was he, I wondered? The subsequent silence seemed to stretch out as interminably as that stripe of tarmac we'd spent the last nine hours persuing. Five seconds. Ten. I needed to know. Whatever his story was, its telling was now due.

I could feel my facial muscles stir, my lips open. A nascent question, its wording still unclear. Something candid, without deliberation.

But in that same precise moment he began to speak.

"It's strange you know. Mantua is about as far from the sea as it's possible to be in Italy, but she was always a much better swimmer than I."

He took a deep breath, similar to the one I myself had taken the day before. That slow laboured exhale of someone about to tell their tale, a chore mountainous in its complexity and heartbreak.

*

Her name was Rossella Ferri, daughter of Michele - a former resident of Punto San Giacomo who like many other young men in the immediate post-war period had become sufficiently disillusioned with employment opportunities in the south to search his fortune in the north, eventually winding up in a ceramics factory in Mantua. Within two years, he'd married a workmate's sister; within three more, was a father of two. Come summer leave each year, the family Fiat would be loaded with the attendent mountain of baggage to groan and chug its way all the way down the same motorway Lucio and I had just groaned and chugged all the way up. Rossella's grandparents, whose flat was thus invaded for the duration of the two weeks, had lived in the same narrow sidestreet as Lucio's own. The pair had first come face to face when Lucio was five and Rossella barely three months.



Michele had qualified as a lifeguard when he was a teenager; as such, he'd been determined that Rossella and her brother make friends with sea straightaway, their very first summers on Earth. Amongst Lucio's earliest memories were those of his future father-in-law dipping the pair up to their necks, laying them onto the Adriatic's rippled, sun-twinkling surface, just the palm of his hand keeping them afloat like a tree branch a sleeping bird. It was little surprise that at five years old, exactly half Lucio's own age, Rossella could swim further and faster than he. By twelve years old, whenever the mood took her and the quick-shifting rhythms of the sea allowed, she could often be spotted in the distance, a steady swirl of arms and gracefully shimmering legs churning her way towards the headland, all the way back again.

Though given the proximity of their respective grandparents the pair had always considered themselves friends, it was natural that their relationship didn't become close until the age difference between them began to relatively flatten itself out. 1967, to be precise, she about to attend the final year of high school, he poised to start a Literature degree at Bari University after having spent four years at a local canning factory to fund his studies. Though not yet blossomed into full blown romance, their common love of books and learning had helped forge enough of a bond that they began to write regularly to each other. It was the following summer - somewhat appropriately, the Summer of Love - that their relationship became physical of nature, their first kiss shared in the glow of a beach bonfire to the musical accompaniment of a Domenico Modugno song at that moment being strummed by a mutual friend. With Rossella enrolled to start a Classics degree in Modena the following September, and thus the seven or eight hours of travel which separated them, their romance seemed doomed. By maintaining their promise to make the effort see each other at least once a month, their relationship would however stand the test of time, the long summer breaks from their studies periods of shared hazy bliss, rucksacks and tent bags strapped to backs. They graduated the same late-spring; within eighteen months, Lucio would be waiting nervously for her at the end of the aisle.

There had never really been any discussion about where they would make their marital home, he said. The choice had seemed obvious to both: Punto San Giacomo. He was by now assistant to the town's head librarian; Rossella would soon take-up a part-time position teaching latin at a nearby lyceum, her income supplemented by private tutoring. No matter the season, no matter all but the ugliest extremes of weather, their favourite weekend activity was to take long strolls along the beach. It was on one such walk, a blustery Sunday in February, that Rossella had all of sudden halted her stride and, playfully throwing her arms around his neck, whispered into his ear the news of her pregnancy.

"For a man to be told he will be a father is like a newborn bird being told that soon it will fly. I had never been happier. Never so sure that I had made the right decisions in life."

It was three months later that it happened, he went on sombrely, one of those serene May afternoons which deceive and beguile, make a person believe the colder seasons just passed were some less than pleasant dream from which the world has now awoken. The previous days had been windblown, however, the sea a rolling angry broil. The sand had clumped into invisible skulking banks just beneath the surface, the breaks in between causing the water to suck itself into crazed, fast-flowing rivulets back towards the depths.

Rip tides.

Rip tides. "We were taking one of our usual walks when all of a sudden we heard cries just ahead. Cries of panic, the sort that tear your heart from your chest. Ahead of us, a woman was up to her waist in the water. Splashing, struggling, screaming. Non so nuotare! Non so nuotare! I can't swim! I can't swim! It was then that we noticed it - the little head swooshing quickly out to sea. The woman's child had been taken by one of the tides."

Non so nuotare! Non so nuotare! "Well, I could see Rossella react immediately, run out into the waves. I tried to grab her arm, pull her back. 'I'll go,' I yelled at her. 'There's the baby to think about.' But she just shrugged me aside. 'You're not fast enough Lucio,' she called back. 'I'm the stronger swimmer.' And she was gone, diving full stretch into the water."

For the duration of the story Lucio's gaze had locked itself on those slowly approaching mountains, now almost upon us. Finally it shifted sideways, momentarily framed my face.

His voice was a frayed, heartbreaking thread.

"They were the last words we would ever speak to each other."

As his eyes turned back ahead, right hand shifted gearstick, the aged vehicle stuttering as it slowed onto the motorway exit road.

"Both she and the child," he whispered. "Our own child there in her womb. The sea, it took all three."

I remembered in the pizzeria two nights earlier, the way I'd noted the intensity of his seaward stare. Now I knew the sad truth. He'd spent the last thirty years waiting for those waves to offer her up once more.

Human language just seems so limited sometimes. So hopelessly inadequate, like trying to open a tin can of one's emotions with a spoon. There were no words, nothing that could come even close to what I wanted to express, so I didn't even try.

Instead, I just brushed my hand to his there on the knob of the gearstick, with a gentle squeeze communicated my solidarity and sympathy. My deepest respect and affection.

The whole string-swirling symphony of emotions I felt for the man.

~~~~~





Chapter Nineteen


Plot reminder: Mary and Lucio have travelled to Verona in the hope of speaking to Ettore Lo Bianco, who was Vincenzo D'Ambra's closest wartime friend. Over the phone the previous evening the old man had mysteriously refused to broach the subject of his wartime experiences and hung up.

During their long journey north, Lucio recounted to Mary how his pregnant wife had died while attempting to save a drowning child from the sea .

Plot reminder: Mary and Lucio have travelled to Verona in the hope of speaking to Ettore Lo Bianco, who was Vincenzo D'Ambra's closest wartime friend. Over the phone the previous evening the old man had mysteriously refused to broach the subject of his wartime experiences and hung up.

During their long journey north, Lucio recounted to Mary how his pregnant wife had died while attempting to save a drowning child from the sea ~~~~~

It was a little past eight o'clock that we checked in at our hotel; a little before nine that, freshly showered and changed, I scuffed sandals along the corridor and rapped a knuckle against Lucio's door, this three down from my own. He appeared almost immediately, as if he'd been awaiting my knock. His hair was damp, the curls more tightly coiled, the usual striking silver darkened to an ironlike tone. His image seemed both familiar yet at the same time somehow modified, like a photograph of oneself taken from an angle inaccessible to the flat reflective stare of a mirror. Such a subtle adjustment of aspect had perhaps less to do with the fact that only minutes earlier he'd stepped out of the shower, and more that I was viewing him through a new filter, some delicate shift of chromatic shade. No longer just Lucio, that erudite knight in shining armour who'd dragged me across three of Italy's three corners in search of truth and justice - in search of myself - but a widower whose wife and unborn child had been so cruelly snatched from him. Who still, more than three decades later, hadn't yet quite come to terms with his loss. Of course he now seemed different - his dimensions deeper, the downcast shade of facial contours somehow longer, darker. How could it have been otherwise?

"Fifteen minutes Mary," he eagerly informed me, brandishing the same complimentary city map which had featured amongst the tourist leaflets piled atop the bedside cabinet in my own room. "Lo Bianco's address, I calculate it is only a fifteen-minute walk from here." A biro point had been at work - a firm, jiggering line curving between one x and another, this second adjacent to the snaking blue stripe of the river.

As I briefly perused our route, I could feel his inquisitive gaze upon me.

"Unless of course you would prefer to wait until tomorrow."

I looked back at him: decisive, determined.

"No," I replied. "No, we must go there tonight."

*

As the lift beeped the end of its short downward journey moments later, the sliding doors revealing the marbled, plant-strewn elegance of the hotel foyer, I could feel the tension build in my stomach. Could feel it like a fist tightly clenched around my insides. Somehow, I just knew. Tonight was going to be one of the most fundamental, the most soul-shaking, of my entire damned existence.

As we passed through Piazza Bra I would of course pause for a some moments before the majesy of the uplit Arena - a smaller but much less crumbled cousin of Rome's Colisseum - but it was mostly out of a sense of duty that I did so, my gaze cursory, my words of appreciation as automatic as some banal social pleasantry. A simple act of politeness, that was all, like being ushered into an acquaintance's front room and remarking on the antique mahogany dining table.

As for Verona's numerous other treasures - the ancient Ponte Pietra bridge, Piazza Dell'Erbe, the Capulet house and its iconic balcony - all that could wait, indefinitely so if necessary. Now that I was there, so close, my sense of urgency had become all-consuming. What did Ettore Lo Bianco know about that tragic night of September 1943? What was he trying conceal? And perhaps just as significantly, why?

His map every so often tilted towards overhead streetlight, Lucio steered us eastwards through the milling Friday evening crowds, along stone-paved sreets, beneath the renaissance-era frescos which adorned the cramped groaning buildings to either side. A boisterous early-summer procession of bars and pizzerias and ice-cream shops.



It came as a relief when the bustle and noise gave way to the relative calm of the riverside. The necklace of streetlights lay fractured and gently bobbing in the southward-flowing water, the river's source located somewhere amidst the peaks which had once more re-emerged to our right, their height and steepness discernable by the faint scattered lights of the mountain villages.

"Just over this bridge," Lucio indicated, once more checking the map.

As we stepped out across the street, he began to outline his strategy.

A plan , yes. I hadn't thought to consider one myself. Like a foot soldier who had complete faith in her general, I'd just somehow known that he would have come up with one.

A plan he *

The building was river-facing, a five-storey affair. Old, seventeenth century perhaps, its age evident in the slight crookedness - its lines on close inspection not quite straight, its angles not precisely ninety degrees. The place was well-maintained though, its facade like many of its neighbours washed an earthy terracotta shade. A dwelling place of the city's well-to-do, its doctors and lawyers and academics.

Its retired art restorers...

Lo Bianco's name was the uppermost on the elegant brass intercom list beside the entrance door.

"Must live on the top floor," concluded Lucio.

It wasn't Lo Bianco's button he then pressed index finger to however, but some randomly selected other.

"Out," he concluded, half a minute having ticked by without response.

His second selection was more successful, the hiss of the picked up receiver almost immediate.

" Chi e' ?" croaked an elderly female voice. Who is it?

Chi e' Who is it? " Pubblicita' " responded Lucio, the pretence that he was delivering advertising material which needed to be deposited in each of the hallway letterboxes the first part of his plan.

Pubblicita' There was a dutiful electronic twitch, the door squeaking invitingly open before us.

"We're in," nodded Lucio encouringly, a hand indicating that I step through first. As I did so, the tension began to manifest itself as a firm, steady thud of my heart. Just one doorway left now to breach. One final obstacle to overcome and the story would reach its conclusion. Ettore Lo Bianco, the man who had craned neck to that altar wall beside my father, mixed colours, blocked out bases. Who had been there right next to him all the way through, from the provincial barracks in Lecce to the battle of Tobruk, on then to Kenya, finally England... Surely he would know whose bones they were which had been dug up from the Lincolnshire soil. Whatever manner of fate it was which had befallen my father.

he The entrance hall was neat, high-toned, its floor a chessboard of worn red and beige stones. A lemon tree in an earthenware pot stood centrally, its fruits still to yellow. Along one wall was a row of black letterboxes; judging from the cluttered overspill of mail and advertising material, a couple of the residents were away - off on early-season holidays perhaps. Lo Bianco's box, however, was empty.

Thankfully, there was a lift - one of those open affairs with clanky folding iron doors. The shaft some late-nineteenth century structural modification, clearly.

The upwards journey was rickety and juddering, the restricted space causing Lucio and I on a couple of occasions to bump into each other like rag dolls whirling around a washing machine. At one point my nose padded against his chest, the unbuttoned section of his sleeveless shirt beneath throat. There was the soapiness of his recent shower, yes, but also some spicy undertone. A faint hint of alluring Mediterrannean zest.



With a final judder, the lift deposited us onto the top floor. For a moment there was an almost impenetrable darkness before some hidden electronic eye sensed our presence, obligingly clicked on the landing light.

There was a door at either end of the corridor. Outside the one to the right was an umbrella stand, its design decidedly feminine, the visible curved handle sticking out above the rim pink of colour.

We turned thus to the left, stepped cautiously along the landing, the thud of my heart ever stronger, faster, my veins squealing with adrenalin.

Lo Biano, E

Lo Biano, E The confirmation that we had the right flat was contained in the eye-level brass panel on the door.

Finger poised over bell, Lucio turned me a questioning glance.

Ready?

Ready? I nodded. As much as it was possible to be, yes.

At first it seemed no-one was home, enough seconds passing by to force Lucio's index finger to once more squeeze into button. True that Lo Bianco was in his eighties, I reflected, but true also that it was Friday evening. Maybe he was at that moment taking his place at the table of some refined arty dinner party somewhere. Enjoying a glass of wine or two amidst cultured company in an elegant city centre bar.

I could feel my heart sink, the prospect of repeating the venture the following day a wearying one. I turned my shoulders, ready to slink back to lift. It was at the same moment that a faint clatter could be heard from within, the voice which called out a decidedly unimpressed one.

" Arrivo !" I'm coming!

Arrivo After a series of clunks and clicks, the door finally yielded, juddered itself backwards. The revealed figure was somehow taller than I had been expecting, his skin taut over bald dome, folded and loose over face. His delineaments were classical though - finely ridged eyebrows, high cheekbones, a firm jawline. It wasn't difficult to imagine that in his younger years female hearts would have fluttered at his entrance into their line of vision.

He turned a steady assessing gaze first on Lucio then towards me. From inside the flat, a swirl of violins could be heard.

" Si? "

Si? The syllable was intoned with equal measures of impatience and apprehension.

Lucio would later recount the following conversation in detail to me, but even as it was unfolding I was able through gestures and shifting expressions, the occasional recognisable word, to understand the gist.

"Mr Lo Bianco, I called on the phone yesterday. About camp 106a in England."

At this, dread chased shock across the old man's face. A hand grabbed instantly at edge of the door, began to yank it closed. "I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you both to leave."

But Lucio had planted a firm, unyielding foot in the doorway, this the second part of plan he'd outlined to me as we'd passed over the bridge a couple of minutes earlier.

"We just want to talk Mr Lo Bianco, that's all. Ask you a few questions."

Lo Bianco continued to struggle vainly with the door, his manner a combination of ire and fluster. "If you don't remove your foot immediately from the doorway I will be obliged to call the carabinieri."

Now came the third and final part of Lucio's plan, the words delivered calmly, unflinchingly. "And if you don't allow us inside and answer our questions we will be the ones obliged to call the carabinieri."

we Ceasing his struggles with the door, the old man turned us both in turn another lingering gaze.

"Maybe you haven't heard Mr Lo Bianco. They've found bones. Human remains."

From the upward flick of right eyebrow it seemed that no, he hadn't heard.

Thin lips squeezed out a croaked, half whispered question.

" Chi siete? "

Chi siete? Though as yet unversed in verb conjugations, the word 'chi' was familiar to me. Who are you ?, he was asking. From the way his hazel-eyed gaze seemed to have settled on me rather than Lucio, the question seemed specifically directed at I.

Who are you I remembered a detail from the wikipedia entry we'd viewed the evening before: the degree from Oxford University. He at one point in his life must have had a very strong command of English indeed, and even if now rusty and unpractised would surely still remember a little at least.

I therefore felt my vocal chords vibrate as I sought to provide him with the simplest and most direct of answers.

"I am the daughter of Vincenzo D'Ambra and Irene Brennan."

His gaze grew in intensity, the back of his hand brushing over lips as he continued to observe me.

"Irene," he murmured. "She was... She was pregnant?"

His English was still good it appeared. Thus encouraged, I continued. "She gave me away for adoption," I explained. "I traced her though, a couple of years ago. She died last Friday."

The news seemed to sadden him. Back of hand once more swiping across lips, he finally turned, indicated that we follow, the violin music as we did so growing louder. Something melancholy, profound. Wagner perhaps.

Though the interior of the flat was cluttered and unkempt, it was far from the graceless disorder of Peter Harvey's home, more the kind of bohemian haphazardness one might expect of a man who for most of his life had voyaged in the realms of academia and fine art. Bookcases groaned under the weight of the countless tomes they were obliged to accommodate, these stacked vertically, horizontally, diagonally, every which way. Chairs and sofas seemed not so much things to be sat in, but rather receptacles in which objects might be placed, over which items of clothing might be tossed. The wall space was a wild mish-mash of artwork, the frames unmatching, hanging skewiff. That many of the displayed paintings were Lo Bianco's own creations seemed evident from the easel placed over towards the larger of the living room windows, a bright tilted spotlight rigged directly above, suspended from the ancient vaulted celing beams. We had distracted him from his work it seemed.

With a scratch, the music abruptly ceased, Lo Bianco lifting needle back onto cradle. Like the nearby telephone, the record player was vintage - 1950s perhaps. Along with the easel spotlight, these were the only visible examples of modern-era technology anywhere in the room. No television, not even a radio.

"Take a seat," he invited, wafting out a general hand.

I set aside a tie and jacket, Lucio a pot of paintbrushes, the cleared space adequate to squeeze ourselves down onto the dusty central Chesterfield. This faced directly onto a window, the view outside a stunning one - sparkling city lights, thrusting domes and spires and bell-towers, the distinct stone oval of the Arena.

Lo Bianco was meanwhile inspecting the collection of bottles which stood atop an antique cabinet over in the corner.

"What's your name?" he asked.

From the accompanying glance it seemed the question was once more directed at I.

"Mary," I responded.

"Mary," he echoed, almost as if the name were being tasted, swilled around in his mouth like a prestigious vintage. There was a smile - unsurprised it seemed, the fact that this was my name somehow making perfect sense.

"Well Mary," he then continued, "I'm going to pour myself a drop of grappa. A Tuscan red. The strongest liquore I currently seem to possess." With a brief slosh, his glass was duly filled. "Given what I'm about to tell you, might I suggest I pour one for you too."

But even before he had padded across the room to hand me the glass, even before he began to speak, I already knew. Had matched his facial lineaments to the photograph of the unsmiling young soldier Salvatore's wife had rooted out from the biscuit tin.

The man before me wasn't Ettore Lo Bianco. He was Vincenzo D'Ambra.

My father.

~~~~~





Chapter Twenty


My memory of those next few minutes is vague and fragmentary, like a warped section of video reel. There were so many questions of course, many of them awkward, potentially incriminating. And yes, at some point they would need to be asked just as much as they would need to be answered. In that dazed initial aftermath, all that could wait however.

I recall the frequent glances Lucio turned towards me, checking my emotional temperature like someone might periodically touch fingers to a family member's brow during a bout of flu. A hand brushed repeatedly up and down my arm, his voice a feathery whisper in my ear: "Are you OK Mary? Do you need a glass of water? A breath of air?" When not turned towards me, the voice would drift off over to the armchair into which my father had lowered himself, switch back to Italian. His tone muted - clearly a little shell-shocked himself - I imagined he was recounting the long and winding journey which had brought me there. Irene . My mother's name was peppered throughout the narrative almost as frequently as my own.

Irene I recall too the grappa my father had poured us all, how it had slid its fiery trail down through my stomach. Its effects were almost immediate: a welcome mental cocoon.

Mostly though, what I remember of those minutes was how I had been unable to take my eyes off him, that elderly man there in the armchair, and how he in turn had been unable to take his eyes off me. We were like a pair of lovers in the dumbstruck aftermath of a surprise first kiss. Each of us searching the other's face for some faint echo of ourselves, imprinting each contour and each detail onto our mental fabric.

Suddenly almost, I then became aware of the silence in the room - the only sounds the swoosh of passing traffic five storeys below, the tick of a hidden clock somewhere. Lucio's account had finished; it was my father's turn now to to speak.

Long, spindly fingers pressed into the armrests of his chair; with a groan, he struggled himself upright. Pouring himself another grappa, he wandered over towards the window, gazed out over the sparkling nocturnal cityscape.

"Of words I have many," he began. "Right at this moment, they don't come to me however." He nodded towards the window. "They lay hidden somewhere out there in the darkness." His narrowed eyes seemed for a moment to search them. "In any case, were I to start now I fear the night would defeat us. My story is a long one you see. Long and tortured and complex." The corners of his lips twitched momentarily upwards. "Sometimes I feel as if I've never really understood it myself." He paused, took a wincing sip of his grappa. "It's a story I have never told anyone, not even lovers, my dearest and closest of friends." Turning, he directed me a warm smile. "But yes, my daughter - mine and Irene's beautiful gift to the world - she has the right to know." His gaze peeled across to Lucio, then back to me. "I will tell you everything, not leave out a single detail. In return, I ask only one thing. These facts I will recount to you - my many and varied misdeeds - they must remain between us, here in this room."

There followed a questioning pause, one in which Lucio and I exchanged glances. Sombre, concordant nods.

Satisfied, my father turned back to the window. Back to the vast impenetrable canvas of the night.

"Memories can be elusive sometimes." A hand flitted out a snaking line before him. "Like skittering fish beneath the surface of the sea. One requires patience and fortitude to reel them all in." He glanced briefly around at us once more. "Come back tomorrow morning, around ten o'clock let's say. But now I'm afraid I must ask you both to go. Leave this old fisherman alone to drag his net."

*

As Lucio and I fought our way back to the hotel through the ever denser Friday night crowds, we remained largely wordless. Perhaps it was tiredness, the day we were about to close our eyes on having been a long, brutal affair of endless miles and black spilling secrets. Conjecture and hypothesis seemed futile; a little more patience, that was what was required. A few more hours and all would finally be revealed.

From the lift door, Lucio's was the first of our two rooms along the quiet marbled corridor. I paused for a moment as he rooted key card from pocket, inserted it into slot. As the door dutifully clicked open, he turned back to me, squeezed a hand to my upper arm.

"Rest, Mary. You need to rest."

But although I was physically exhausted and just moments later collapsed gratefully onto my bed, sleep would prove as elusive as those skittering fish my father had talked about. I felt like I'd received the most beautiful and unexpected gift imaginable, but that it was in some way faulty. Defective. That I wasn't quite sure whether I wanted to accept it or not. My father was a breathing, tangible reality, had lived a long and seemingly fulfilled life. And all that was magnificent, made my very soul hum and vibrate with joy. Yet nothing could mask the fact that for whatever reason and under whatever circumstances he had assumed another man's identity, and as such was guilty of a crime serious enough to warrant a significant custodial sentence. And maybe this was not all either. What about those other 'many and various misdeeds' he'd mentioned?

*

The following morning we mistimed things a little, arrived ten minutes before arranged. My father was ready for us however, the Chesterfield he once more ushered us towards having been cleared of its clutter, a duster passed over leather. Laid out on the coffee table in front was a plate of biscuits, glasses and a carafe of fruit juice.

"If you're ready," he announced, lowering himself in armchair, "then I'll begin."

In the daylight he appeared different to the previous evening. Paler somehow. More frail, less formidable. From the grey smudges beneath his eyes it seemed the night had been similarly as restless for he as it had for I. All those memories he'd had to reel in; the effort had drained him.

I remember the deep, stuttering breath he took. Not a man about to tell his story, but about to make his confession...

This is the end of part two. For the next thirteen chapters the narrative voice passes to Vincenzo D'Ambra. As well as answering many of the mysteries raised in the first half of the novel, and though morally ambiguous in parts, his story is an inspiring one. I hope you will enjoy reading it just as much as I enjoyed writing it.

This is the end of part two. For the next thirteen chapters the narrative voice passes to Vincenzo D'Ambra. This is the end of part two. For the next thirteen chapters the narrative voice passes to Vincenzo D'Ambra. As well as answering many of the mysteries raised in the first half of the novel, and though morally ambiguous in parts, his story is an inspiring one. I hope you will enjoy reading it just as much as I enjoyed writing it. As well as answering many of the mysteries raised in the first half of the novel, and though morally ambiguous in parts, his story is an inspiring one. I hope you will enjoy reading it just as much as I enjoyed writing it. If you enjoyed this chapter - indeed, if you have enjoyed the novel as a whole so far - your feedback would be very much appreciated. Alternatively, a vote would help put a smile on this amatuer writer's face.

If you enjoyed this chapter - indeed, if you have enjoyed the novel as a whole so far - your feedback would be very much appreciated. Alternatively, a vote would help put a smile on this amatuer writer's face. If you enjoyed this chapter - indeed, if you have enjoyed the novel as a whole so far - your feedback would be very much appreciated. Alternatively, a vote would help put a smile on this amatuer writer's face. Thanks so much everyone for your support.

Thanks so much everyone for your support. Thanks so much everyone for your support.





Chapter Twenty-One




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Image: an Italian soldier during World War Two

Image: an Italian soldier during World War Two Plot reminder: Mary has traced her father, a man who has lived not under his real name of Vincenzo D'Ambra but that of his former best friend, Ettore Lo Bianco. He is now poised to recount to Mary and Lucio his story .

Plot reminder: Mary has traced her father, a man who has lived not under his real name of Vincenzo D'Ambra but that of his former best friend, Ettore Lo Bianco. He is now poised to recount to Mary and Lucio his story ~~~~~

Who was the prettiest girl in Punto San Giacomo?

Who was the prettiest girl in Punto San Giacomo? It was a subject of no little debate amongst we boys of the village, at times even heated. Though other girls may occasionally have received a passing mention, a brief word of merit, the truth was that this was one of those sorts of races in which there were only ever two horses: Carmela Russo or Ada Pucci.

I was very much in the former camp. Whilst true that Ada Pucci was blessed by the more womanly physique, for the overall picture comprising grace, elegance and blessed alignment of facial contours, you would have been hard pushed to find a finer example of blossoming womanhood than Carmela Russo in the whole of the Province of Lecce, let alone Punto San Giacomo.

The spell cast by even the most ephemeral of glances in my direction was so powerful that I made and posted her a St Valentine's card. Though as tradition dictates the message was left unsigned, the fact that inside the card I had folded a lovingly crafted sketch of her own wondrous visage rather gave things away. I was the only boy in the village who drew.

By the time February had thawed into March, and without having received the merest hint of acknowledgement of my gesture, let alone a single word of gratitude for it, it was fair to say that for the first time in my life I had a deep and personal understanding of the concept of unrequited love.

It was a Sunday afternoon of the following April that my story truly begins. I was perched on the wall above the harbour, pencil seeking to capture the gentle bob of the trawlers there beneath, when Ada Pucci swayed suddenly across my line of vision. Would I care to do a sketch of her? The smile which accompanied the request was a strange and mischievous one, the sort which can provoke a disorientating fizz of fireworks inside both mind and stomach of a seventeen-year-old boy.

Would I care to do a sketch of her? There was little I could do but oblige. And so there she sat, face tilted towards the spring sunshine, the Adriatic a sparkling crystalline frame behind her. "Magnificent," was her verdict after I showed her the fruits of my labour. "You're such a talented young man you know Vincenzo D'Ambra." That smile again. Oh, by now there was no mistaking it: I was being flirted with. "You should go to one of those fancy art schools up there in Rome or Milan," she continued. This one of those idle references to some grand but unachievable ambition which people in Punto San Giacomo often came out with. For us, the provincial capital of Lecce represented a vast and exotic metropolis. I'd never even been as far as the regional capital of Bari, and in truth had no great desire to, believing as I did that its sheer urban sprawl would be too dizzying, that I would only go and get myself lost, wind up in some dark alley of the kind it was advisable not to. As for Rome and Milan, these were cities of an entirely different planet. The idea of fisherman's son from Punto San Giacomo attending a fancy art school, meanwhile, belonged to some utopian parallel universe. My future was there right behind her shoulders - the languid swell of the Adriatic. On an afternoon such as that one, it seemed so benign, as harmless as an inland lake. At three a.m on a tempestuous November night, the darkness slapping diagonal jets of rain at your face, each incoming wave as looming as an alpine mountain top, it wasn't nearly as inviting. I'd served as junior hand on my father's trawler since finishing middle school at the age of fourteen. The following year, 1941, would see my eighteenth birthday and thus the start of my requisite two years of military service. I planned to save as much of my stipend as I could, upon my return see about making a down payment on my own trawler. This was my plan, the only one available to me.

This

Ada had meanwhile carefully folded the sketch in half, slipped it into her handbag. "How can I thank you?" she asked, her body language that of someone open to all suggestions.

"Would you like to go to the cinema with me Saturday night?" I was surprised to hear myself enquiring.

And in such instants fates are decided, lifetimes shaped. In 1940, a teenage boy inviting a girl to go to the cinema with him was tantamount to a full-blown sexual advance. Neither party were interested in what film might be playing, whether it was Pilotto or Giachetti in the leading male role, Ninchi or Miranda as female star. In that pre-war age where only the rich and privileged owned motor vehicles, the cinema represented a magical opportunity for a teenage couple to enjoy dimmed lighting and comfortable seats. Strictly private it was of course not, but when everybody else in the back two or three rows were engaged in what might euphemistically be deemed 'heavy petting', it seemed somehow remiss not to do the same.

From there, things began to snowball. Given Carmela Russo's cold-shouldered indifference to my advances only a couple of months earlier, I greedily lapped Ada Pucci up, viewed as a more than accetable booby prize her sheer tantalising buxomness, the envious glances of those self same village boys who had always argued that it was she the more sparkling of Punto San Giacomo's twin female jewels.

Ada and I were lucky - or perhaps in hindsight desperately unlucky - to come together when we did. Summer was soon upon us, a seemingly endless succession of Saturday nights warm enough to deem the cost and pretence and sexual limitations of the village cinema unnecessary. The theatre of our weekly trysts now became the beach, this a kind of deluxe version of the cinema in that the lighting was similarly dimmed, the soft yield of the sand was not only velvety to sit upon but also to lay against, and rather than just centimetres away in neighbouring seats the nearest teenage couple engaged in similar ungodly acts were two, three, five hundred metres further along the shore. As my back shimmied deeper into the sand, the moonlight delineating the writhing womanliness above me, I may even have fooled myself into believing that I was in love.

unlucky It was mid-September, just days before Italy joined the war, that Ada tearfully informed me she'd missed not just one menstruation but now two. I would the next day duly escort her on a covert visit to Doctor Rinaldi. I still remember that regretful shake of the head he directed across the waiting room at me as he accompanied her back out of the surgery door. It seemed a confirmation not just of the biological fact of it all but also that my adolescence had now terminated. That in the blink of an eye I found myself crashlanded into the manure heap of adulthood.

Abortion was not an option. Perhaps for Ada at least - a much more devout Catholic than I ever was - it would have been in any case morally untenable. The bottom line however was that such a procedure was illegal, and in Italy would remain so for, remarkably, another 40 years. Both patient and facilitator of the operation could face up to five years imprisonment.

morally No, in 1940s Italy an unwanted teenage pregnancy could only lead to one thing: an unwanted teenage wedding. This happened one cold shivering morning a couple of weeks before Christmas, an understandably low key affair devoid of the usual exaggeration and sense of fairytale drama we southern Italians like to imbue such occasions with. Ada wore her mother's wedding dress, this after twenty years inevitably a little yellowed. Not being nearly so well-endowed as her daughter, it was also a little stretched and ill-fitting. Not just around the chest area either; Ada was by this point five months into her pregnancy and was already beginning to show. That bump, it was a constant visual reminder that all this was real. A zepellin slowly filling with helium. Expanding, rising. Like the Hindenburg, set to explode.

With the limited financial help our respective families were able to offer, the best we could manage was a cold water affair in the harbourside. Twenty square metres, if that. Ada kept it tidy though, brightened it up a little with scattered bunches of wild flowers. While I was out at sea, she spent her time honing those skills requisite of a fisherman's wife: net repairs, mangle maintenance, maximising the nutritional value of whatever scraps were available in the bare cupboards. She was taking the whole thing seriously, was determined to be the best wife and mother she could.

We smiled at each other often; bravely, just a little affectedly. One Sunday about a month before the baby was due I painted some cartoon rabbits onto the wall above where we would put the cot. If it was a boy we were going to call him Umberto after Ada's father, if a girl Marcella after my mother. We both feigned to one another that this was the life we wanted, the baby simply the next step on the long and contented journey we would share. Really though, we were just poor frightened kids. Playing, that's all we were doing. Pretending to be grown ups.

The facade would shatter as quickly and irrepairably as a dropped pane of glass. That March dawn was a grey, inauspicious one as I trudged back home from the harbour. It wasn't Ada who awaited me, but instead her father - his face puffed and bloated, eyes red-rimmed, dripping the deepest form of sadness. There'd been a complication, an ambulance called out in the middle of the night. Ada was OK, but the baby... The baby had... Dear Lord, even after all these years it still pains me so to say it out loud.

Once she returned home there were no courageous twitches of the lips any more. No pretty bunches of recently picked flowers hanging from the window frames. No ingeniously concocted pans of stew waiting for me on the stove. Just that oppressive butter-thick silence of two people who'd twisted the tiller to the wrong angle. Been blown so far off course there was no hope of ever finding their way back again.

My call up papers arrived the following June. Even though during wartime there was no longer any maximum limit to my service period and the chances of me ever making it back home again were fifty-fifty at best, and even though it shames my heart to admit it, as I stepped through the gates of the provincial barracks that afternoon it felt much more like a liberation than a curse.

~~~~~





Chapter Twenty-Two


Plot reminder: 18-year-old Vincenzo has been conscripted to Mussolini's North African campaign, this just a couple of months after his wife, Ada, suffered a miscarriage .

Plot reminder: 18-year-old Vincenzo has been conscripted to Mussolini's North African campaign, this just a couple of months after his wife, Ada, suffered a miscarriage ~~~~~

I gravitated towards Ettore Lo Bianco immediately, that very first day in provincial barracks. He, like me, was the sort who kept himself to himself. While the other boys engaged in loudmouthed bravado about how many girls they'd slept with or how we were going to kick those pompous British behinds, Ettore would just lay there on his bunk squinting his bespectacled eyes over some D'Annunzio or Croce. His was the gentlest of souls, the most unbound of minds. Poetry, ancient history, rennaissance art. When the whole damn mess was over, he said he was going to teach in a lyceum somewhere.

War sat heavily with him, like a priest's frock on a sinful man. Death and destruction were as much an anathema to Ettore Lo Bianco as staying silent to a dawn-woken bird. In Mussolini's Italy, conscientious objection was not an option however. Or rather, it was an option, just that one needed to equip oneself with a white flag.

was It seemed nothing could separate Ettore and I, not even the hell on earth that was the battle of Tobruk. We slalomed our way through the explosions, our fallen brethren. Cowered behind the shelled-out husks of tanks, kept ourselves just beyond bullet range. The powers-that-be had thought Egypt was going to be a pushover, like the taking of Abissinia back in '36. In African sand our boots may have trodden, but this was very much a European war fought with European weaponry and fuelled by polarised European idealogies. One army which sought to defend democracy, the other intent on crushing it. There could only ever have been one winner.

I killed a man. Just one, but the weight of it feels like a thousand. Feels like a hundred thousand. The bullet spat from my rifle straight and true, and even before it penetrated its target I knew. I just knew. He was too far away for me to see clearly, and there was a veil of smoke from a shelled vehicle nearby, but I had the impression he was young. Little more than a kid, just like me. An Australian, his blond hair matted with sweat. The force of the bullet reared him upwards like a wave, flipped him backwards. The small fountain of blood which exploded from his chest was a vivid scarlet amidst the backdrop of desert beige and military green. It's an image which is forever fused behind my closed eyelids. There waiting in ambush every time I search the refuge of sleep. Every time I blink.

When Captain Terlizzi finally hoisted aloft the white flag, I felt a joyous rush of relief. Our platoon had fought with honour, but now surrounded on all sides by the Allies, surrender was the only valid option. "Ettore!" I called out through the smoke. "Ettore! Ettore!" Ever louder, more desperate, thinking that some rogue final bullet had tunnelled its way through his heart. But oh, that second joyous rush of relief when at last the call was returned. "Vincenzo! I am here, where I've always been. Right at your side."

After I lifted him onto the back of that British lorry beside me, we slapped each other's shoulders, shared a smile. "It's over now Ettore," I promised him. "The worst is behind us."

And while that was true for most of the men, for Ettore the worst was only just about to begin. If war had sat heavily on him, then internment was some huge crushing force - as oppressive as that burning Kenyan sun which for the rest of '41 roared its fire into our very bones. I watched Ettore slowly shrivel and dry like the the tomatoes which in our native Puglia are left to the mercy of the August sun. Watched as he paced the perimeter fence, gaze fixed longingly at the African scrubland beyond. A butterfly trapped in a net.

When they shipped us to England in the late winter of '42, the heavy skies and almost constant drizzle came as a relief at first, like taking a shower after a long hot day spent working in the sun. But within a month or two, Ettore was lost in darkness once more. I could see it in his eyes, the slump of his shoulders. Nowadays, people might call it depression. Back then, the word hardly existed. We knew it just as sadness. Melancholy. The unremitting greyness of the English sky, somehow it had infected Ettore's soul.



The first camp they sent us to was in the grounds of a stately home somewhere near Luton in Bedfordshire. They had us repairing the fencing in the estate grounds, digging irrigation ditches, that kind of thing. Pretty sort of place those rare days the sun peeked out from behind the clouds, green in that way you only see in The British Isles. Trees everywhere, centuries-old oaks as sturdy as stone.

We awoke one night to the agitated voices of the guards outside. At first we thought somebody had tried to escape. It was then I noticed that Ettore's bunk was empty. Turned out he'd smuggled a line of rope from the stables, had been tying himself a noose to a lower branch of one the oaks. Fortunately, a guard had swept past before he was able to climb himself in place.

It had always been clear to me, and now it was clear to everyone else too: what Ettore was suffering from was far more serious than just the inevitable homesickness and cabin fever which we were all forced to bear. The year was 1942 however and across three continents millions of men were exchanging gunfire, hurling grenades at each other, unleashing ever greater destruction from the opened hatches of bomber holds. The suicidal tendencies of one Italian POW paled into insignificance. No psychiatrists were prescribed, no special dispensation rubber-stamped. The camp commander obtained a small quantity of morphine from a nearby hospital and left it up to us, Ettore's compatriots, to ensure there would be no further attempts at taking his own life.

The morphine seemed to help for a while. Indeed, despite everything, the Christmas of '42 was possibly the happiest of Ettore's life; certainly, it was the most memorable of mine. We prisoners put on a show for the guards, a bit of * a capella *Rossini and Verdi interspersed with comedy sketches and copious transvestism. Ettore and I had fashioned a pantomine horse from a couple of spare prisoner uniforms that had been lying around, an outward-thrusting broom meanwhile sufficing as mane. Ettore performed as head, I as the graceless, constantly stumbling behind. In return for the free entertainment, the guards shared with us their yuletide whisky and gin. Anglo-Italian relations had never seemed closer than that boozy Christmas afternoon. It made you wonder why we'd both been so intent on fizzing shrapnel at each other down there in Egypt. Why international relations between not just our two nations but those of the world over couldn't more resemble some tipsily amicable after-show party rather than the hellish thunder clap of war.

a capella The notice we received four months later that we we were to be moved on again was thus a sad and regrettable one. That our new Lincolnshire home was going to prove much more austere than the grounds of the Bedfordshire stately home was clear right from the very start. There wasn't even a camp waiting for us, just a muddy, sodden field. We sheltered in tents that first night, a largely sleepless one due to the incessant pummeling of the rain against canvas. Early the next morning lorries arrived with building materials. It was we prisoners ourselves who constructed those Nissen huts. Somewhat perversely, they even had a group of us lay out the perimeter wire which would entrap us.

There was a boy called Salvatore Giacalone from Reggio Calabria. Like Ettore and I, the sort who kept himself to himself. Gentle, unassuming. He said that when he made it back home he was going to join the priesthood. In the meantime, he it was who took it upon himself to perform the role of medium between the celestial world and the muddy Linconshire field in which we were caged. He it was too who came up with the idea of the painted altar.

Captain Terlizzi and the other senior officers successfully pitched the project to the camp commander - what we were planning required only an end wall and ten square metres of space for the altar - and by the end of our second week there I'd already pencilled up the outlines. It's strange thinking back to it now, but until that point I'd always considered my artistic abilities as a mere pastime. A simple diversion, and nothing more. Some boys were good at climbing trees, or at working out how to put back together the watches or radios or whatever other mechanical object their curiosity had led them to taking to pieces. Others knew how to time the punchline to a joke or make a wild young dog wilt to their command. I, instead, was good drawing - a fact I was pleased about, proud of even, but a capacity which I deemed ultimately useless. Growing up in southern Italy in the interwar years, one learnt not to place too much value on things which didn't put food on the table. Knowing how to repair a fishing net - now * that * was important. How to butcher a lame old horse so that not a single mouthful of offal went to waste. How to shake down every last olive from the tree. But drawing? That was for the rich or the foolhardy.

that Yet as I began brushing the first shades of colour onto that wall I realised that art could be important too. A boost to morale. A source of pride not just for myself but for all my compatriots who would in the coming months and years contemplate that altar. Yes, we are captives , the mural seemed to whisper defiantly back at its beholder. But we are Italian and we will do what Italians have always done. We will create beauty.

Yes, we are captives But we are Italian and we will do what Italians have always done. We will create beauty. Though Ettore's own artistic abilities were somewhat limited, I tried to involve him in the project as much as possible in the hope of providing him with something specific to focus his mind on. Indeed, at first, his enthusiasm seemed almost the equal of my own. Guided by his knowledge of rennaissance art, it was he more than I who decided both the basic layout of the composition and the details of facial expressions and clothing. My apostles were arranged in the same order as Da Vinci's in The Last Supper, for example, and bore similiar physical traits.

Once this initial planning stage was concluded however and it was time to get down the hard graft of mixing colours, of spending every spare moment with our noses to that wall, well, it was inevitable that Ettore's mind would once more drift towards the shadows.

As the English summer reached its peak and our toils out there in the fields became ever sweatier, more wearying, Ettore was once more contemplating taking his own life. I know so because he confided in me. It was an evening in late-August just before lights out, me with brush in hand at the wall, he at the altar table behind mixing flesh tone. "I can't go on Vincenzo," came his sudden whisper. Turning, I saw that he was crying, the harsh glow from the spotlight we'd rigged up picking out shiny meandering trails down each cheek."I've tried as hard as I can, but I just can't live this life any more."

There was something about his voice, a certain note of flint-hard determination, which made it clear that he'd made up his mind and that nothing I could say was going to change it.

I sat down beside him, rested a hand onto his shoulder. Forced him to look straight in my eye. Above us, Jesus and his half-painted apostles seemed to gaze down with celestial concern.

"Ettore, what if I help you escape?" I suggested.

~~~~~





Chapter Twenty-Three


I've never held much sway by the foolish notion of love at first sight. Falling in love is not some sudden lightning strike which illuminates the pre-dawn sea, marks with its brief glow the distant line of the horizon. More I would liken the experience to a wave. At first, just an indistinguishable swell in the middle distance. The incalculable ruminations of the ocean, of the universe, then conspire to rear it upwards, animate it with the force of a prey-grabbing lion. Now the roar, the headlong charge towards the gunwale. If the fisherman is not watchful, lacking in experience, the crash will surprise him, leave him disorientated. Yes, that's how Irene Brennan entered my life - as a rogue wave breaches the hull of a trawler.

Naturally, it came as a pleasant surprise that first day they sent us out into the Lincolnshire fields to discover there would be females working amongst us. Land Girls, Captain Terlizzi told us they were called. There were about a dozen of them in total, billeted in two and threes in various local farms. They even had their own uniforms - a smock and some breeches, a felt hat for those infrequent and wearyingly brief periods when the sun might come out. Well, I suppose only the English or perhaps the Germans would think of organising its unmarried young women into some strange sort of pitchfork-wielding army, but we Italian POWs certainly weren't complaining. No siree.

The last time most of the boys had enjoyed close proximity to womankind had been back in the summer of 1940; oh yes, before they shipped us out to Africa, the bordellos of Brindisi and Naples and Catania had done a roaring trade, I can tell you. Given the intervening three years of imposed chastity, of mounting latin frustration, it came as little surprise that the Englishwomen were at first forced to repel a veritable avalache of less than subtle advances. Even the most thick-skulled of my compatriots soon learnt however that these young ladies were of an entirely species to the backstreet hookers they'd blown their stipends on back home. That stategies needed to be more refined, different buttons pressed. That if you wished a Land Girl to be kind and gentle with you, one first had to be kind and gentle with them.

In any case, the guards policed us keenly. There was one I remember in particular, Sergeant Reynolds his name. There was a certain coldness to his lid-slitted eyes, an unequivocal belligerence to the way he brandished his rifle. If he caught you so much looking at one of those girls, he gave you a firm clout to the back of the head with the butt. Captain Terlizzi complained to the camp commander on more than one occasion about the man's heavy-handedness, but the commander was weak or perhaps simply indifferent. Reynolds it was who ruled that particular roost. Ruled it with a rod of iron.

But my word, those English girls weren't afraid of hard work. It's no exaggeration to claim that one of them was worth three of us men. And while we as prisoners of war were guaranteed certain rights by the Geneva Convention, it seemed those poor girls were left to the whims of whichever farmer it was they were billeted with. I remember Irene telling me that she and the other two girls who had been assigned to the Harveys were accommodated in an outhouse with no electricity or running water. That they slept on camping mats rolled on top of a thin covering of straw, little better than mares. That breakfast consisted of a solitary slice of bread fried in the fat left behind by Mr Harvey's bacon. Then there was the sheer crippling weight of the hours they had to work. By the time the camp lorry dropped us off amongst the fields around seven a.m, those girls had already been out there a couple of hours or more; when the lorry returned to round us up again approaching dusk, for Irene and her colleagues the working day was still far from over.

You know, there was a perception we Italians may have held that the British were the lucky ones. That, like some unbreachable moat of a medieval castle, they had the Channel to protect them. That at the first cry for help their former colonies would come running to the rescue, the United States unleash a knockout punch. We forget by how fine a thread things hung during those dark months between the fall of Paris and the attack on Pearl Harbour. Watching those amazing young women strain their backs hour after wearying hour, day after neverending day, I began to understand that it wasn't just through geographical fortune and post-imperial influence that the British prevailed, and thus European democracy prevailed, but that the people were blessed by a spirit of unity, an unwavering committment the common cause, of the sort we Italians can only envy. Their boys on the front needed food, and those Land Girls would have dug to the very centre of the Earth to find them it.

Among the many and varied duties they were expected to perform was the dividing up of the prisoners' lunch rations. It was during one such midday break, our second or third week in Lincolnshire, that Irene and I exchanged our first words.

"I see you're married," she remarked, glancing at the band on my ring finger as she passed over a hunk of margarine-smeared bread. "Must be hard on your wife." Her eyes for a moment met mine, twin kaleidoscopes of amber-flecked emerald. "Hard on you too."

"Yes," I replied. "It's difficult."

There was the flicker of a sympathetic smile before she turned away, slapped a knife-load of margerine onto the next man's bread.

The truth was, Ada had long since ceased to occupy my thoughts. My letters to her had become ever briefer, less frequent. Once-monthly one-paragraph pricks of the conscience, little more. After all I'd been through those last two years, the many horrors I'd witnessed and deprivations suffered, Punto San Giacomo seemed not just a lifetime ago but a whole different existence. I had left as a boy, been reincarnated as a man.

The day following that brief initial encounter, Irene and I found ourselves side by side setting vermin traps at the edge of a field. Or rather, subconciously somehow, I'd contrived to find myself working only a few metres apart from her.

contrived And so it was I told her my story. About Ada, the pregnancy, how we'd lost the baby. About how even though I was married in the eyes of God and to all legal effects, I didn't feel married. Never had done.

feel I hadn't been expecting her own story to be even more tragic. Her entire family, swept away by the storm of war. An eighteen-year-old girl left alone to navigate the wave-tossed waters. No stars, no distant harbour lights, to guide her. It was inevitable that at a certain point during her account the tears should begin to fall. Inevitable too that I in my role not of enemy soldier or prisoner of war but as fellow human being should for a for a few brief moments wrap my arm around her shoulders, offer her those futile words of comfort which came to my mind.

I think it was our respective friends and colleagues who noticed it before Irene and I ourselves did. The way over those following days and weeks we would naturally gravitate towards each other. The way our mutual gazes were more lingering than they were with others. The way if I tried to express myself in my still limited English it was Irene who more quickly understand than whichever guards or other Land Girls were also in earshot, smilingly toss me the word or expression I needed.

By the end of May it had become clear even to me however. The wave had crashed, my trawler knee-deep in water. Spotting her out in the fields, even in the distance, was enough set my heart purring like an ignited Ducati engine; her approach would meanwhile have it spinninging pirouettes, backflipping somersaults. Whether wakeful or in sleep, Irene Brennan was all I could see.

So much so that the sketch I presented her with was rendered from memory, the culmination of countless practice scribbles in the flickering glow of candle flame after lights out. For all my efforts, I never quite managed to satisfactorily render the concaved line of her nose, nor the effortless half-pout of her lips. As for that contrast of hopeful innocence and deepest melancholy which informed her gaze, I would defy any of the grandmasters to get it right. Particularly not if in their hand they held a mere nib of a pencil, had nothing better than a borrowed potato peeler with which to sharpen it.

It wasn't thus with complete artistic satisfaction that I surprised her out in the fields that late-June morning. I still harboured misgivings, was far from convinced I'd done full justice to her beauty. She was moved though all the same, her eyes glistening moistly as she beheld the sketch there unfolded in her hands. "Oh Vincenzo, this is just so beautiful. I shall treasure it always, I promise." There was always a musical up-and-down lilt to her words, different to the other English people I'd met. Her hometown accent. Liverpool.

"I just wish...", she continued falteringly. Her gaze flitted away, out over the fertile sprawl of the summer fields, as if embarrassed. "Well, that there was some way we could be alone for a while." Her eyes once more located mine, half pleading, half yearning.

My response was earnest, immediate.

"If we are willing to be brave Irene, you as much as I, then maybe there is a way."

is ~~~~~





Chapter Twenty-Four


Author's note: I have started publishing part 3 of this novel as a stand alone novella entitled Beyond the Wire, principally so that I can take part in a competition of historical fiction. If you come across the novella in any book lists you're swiping through it will be of limited interest to you. Modifications to the text you're reading here are minor and Beyond the Wire will be published three uploads behind The Painted Altar. Thanks as always for your support.

Author's note: I have started publishing part 3 of this novel as a stand alone novella entitled Beyond the Wire, principally so that I can take part in a competition of historical fiction. If you come across the novella in any book lists you're swiping through it will be of limited interest to you. Modifications to the text you're reading here are minor and Beyond the Wire will be published three uploads behind The Painted Altar. Thanks as always for your support. ~~~~~

~~~~~ Other than the survivors from our own platoon - fellow Puglians mostly alongside a handful of boys from the neighbouring regions of Molise and Basilicata - camp 106a was also home to the remnants of another platoon, its members in the main hailing from the other side of the Italian south, Calabria and Campania. One of the most effusive and distinctive characters amongst our new western brethren was a Neapolitan boy called Francesco 'Chicco' Brancaleone. That he was the former junior middleweight champion of Campania was a boast he quickly and triumphantly made known to everybody. Given his square jaw and lean, muscle-honed frame, it was claim nobody put in doubt. Add in the slick, naturally quiffed hair he spent many hours lovingly combing, the michievious twinkle to his eye and infectiously outgoing personality, it was little wonder that he was one of the very few to breach English defences, so to speak. Rosie, I seem to recall his girl's name was. A blue-eyed blonde who looked not a little unlike Bette Davies.

Almost all we prisoners had nicknames. Michelangelo was my mine on account of the painted altar. Through his bookishness and silent introspection, Ettore Lo Bianco had earnt himself the moniker of 'The Monk'. Chicco Brancaleone, meanwhile, was known to all as Carnera, after the Italian world heavyweight champion Primo Carnera.

Well Carnera, he must have noted the connection Irene and I had made. Detected that initial romantic spark between us. "Hey Michelangelo," he whispered conspiratorially in my ear one May evening as we rattled campbound in the back of the lorry. "You and Irene ever feel the need for a bit of privacy, I can show you where and how if you like."

It was, I told myself, purely out of academic interest that I tagged along beside him as we made our way to the washroom a few minutes later. "Here," he whispered as we passed under the water tower. He paused his step, eyes swivelling left and right, alert to the apearance of any nearby guards. "The perimeter wire right behind me. Was me and a few other of our boys they had lay it. Only, at one point the guard who was keeping an eye on us nipped off for a pee. That's why if you look closely - and I mean real closely - you'll find the barb's not quite as tightly wound here. If you've got steady hands..." There was a glance down at mine. " Artist's hands like yours.... A lean figure. Well, a man can just about wriggle himself through." A smile crooked the corners of his lips. "Done it myself, couple of times."

Artist's "You mean---?"

"Me and Rosie." The smile growing wider, he discreetly tossed his head ninety degrees to the right, towards a clump of ash trees about two hundred metres beyond the perimeter. "Cycles out here from her farmhouse, waits for me in those trees." He now looked down at his own hands, their backs gridded with scars like etching crosshatch. "You'll get a couple of scratches on your way out, another couple on the way back in. You need to be handy with a needle and thread too. Rip your uniform to shreds."

Yes, I recalled seeing him one Sunday morning hunched in the sunshine in his underwear, uniform puddled at his side, face scrunched in concentration as he sought to thread a needle.

"But what about the guards?" I asked.

Luck, he admitted. Oh yes, there was no getting away from it: one required a touch of good old-fashioned fortuna . Whilst nocturnal patrols were infrequent, they were also unpredictable. No telling when the on-duty officer might decide to lay down his newspaper or furtive pornography for a moment, have a quick swing round the perimeter.

fortuna

"But then, what's life without risks?" Carnera concluded. "A blank canvas without a single brushstroke of colour, no?"

There was a meaty slap of a hand on my shoulder, a wide parting grin. And then gone, bouncing his way off to the unruly mob outside the washroom which passed as a queue.

What's life without risks ?

What's life without risks It was the same line I recited to Irene that morning several weeks later after I'd presented her with my sketch. After she'd expressed her wistful desire that there was some way we could be alone for a while.

Sergeant Reynolds had at that moment been approaching in the middle distance, his stride lengthening ominously as he spotted us together there in the middle of the field. As Irene had quickly folded sketch into the pocket of her smock, I outlined the details. Exactly what she would need to do, exactly what I would need to do.

"Get away from that girl now you greasy damn wop!"

The sergeant's grunt was boomingly close, the firm shove of his rifle butt against my chest imminent.

"I... I'll need to think about," she whispered, brow furrowed, before scampering back off to her duties.

Those next few days, during the limited occasions we had to exchange a few words, it was a subject we never broached. She seemed distant somehow, her smiles less convincing, her glances not so intense. So much so I felt my heart fogged by a slowly descending sadness, as if by asking her for something she was unwilling or unable to give, I risked losing her. I was still inexperienced in such matters and wondered if I'd read the signals wrong. Apart from the dangers inherent to such a covert, night-cloaked encounter, I was a married man. Perhaps it had been expecting too much that a girl as dignified and honourable as Irene Brennan would be able to overlook this fact.

It came as a surprise therefore when the second Saturday after I'd first mooted the plan, as we prisoners were wearily being loaded back onto the lorry, I felt the soft bump of her shoulder against mine, the tingling caress of her voice in my ear.

"I've been thinking about what you said. About risks, blank canvases. And I've decided you're right. So I'll meet you in those trees, okay. Half past midnight. Just don't you dare be late you hear me Vincenzo D'Ambra."

The smile she beamed up at me quickly morphed into a stern parting glare.

"And for the love of the Holy Mother, leave your wedding ring behind."

Thus it was I spent a little longer than usual in the washroom that evening. Not just the extra-thorough scrubbing requisite of an impending romantic tryst, but the prolonged application of soapy water to my ring finger, turning and pulling and squirming, face gurning back at me in the mirror in the effort to wrestle the thing off. Finally I managed to tug it loose, the ting of the falling metal against the ceramic of the washbasin a deafening one.

As an artist, the symbolic significance of the moment wasn't lost on me. As a man in love, profoundly and for the very first time, it felt like the shedding of a necessary weight. The cutting of an anchor line. My heart at last free, offered to the ebb and flow of the tides.

*

She was waiting for me as promised, her presence manifested by a faint inquistive whisper through the trees.

"Is that you Vincenzo?"

"Yes, it's me," I panted breathlessy back. The two-hundred metre sprint from perimeter wire to treeline had felt more like an Olympic marathon.

Our voices guided us into each other's arms, her three dimensions a surprise somehow, almost a revelation. Soft fingertips explored my face, traced a meandering journey from forehead, nose, cheekbones, down to mouth. Almost as if, with my face dirt-blackened as it was, she sought confirmation of my identity from my physical contours. My odour too, her nose for several moments pressing into the hollow of my neck.

"Yes Vincenzo, it's you."

From the basket of Mrs Harvey's bicycle she produced a blanket for us to lay upon, a cloth and bottle of antiseptic for my wounds. I hadn't breached the wire completely unscathed - other than hands I'd also snagged back of head - but it was nothing too serious. Nothing that wasn't worth it. As for guards, it seemed Carnera was right - surveillance was half-hearted at best. There hadn't been a single light on anywhere. No flicker of a cigarette being lit. No coughs, sighs, spits. No soft tread of approaching feet.

Once my wounds were cleaned and dry, well... then we made love. Rapturously, unreservedly, as many times as we could. Our bodies thrummed by some fizzing electric buzz, minds afloat above and beyond the Lincolnshire night. Above and beyond that God-cursed war. Above and beyond everything which tied us to the ground.

In the lulls between, I held her tightly. More tightly than I had ever held Ada Pucci, more tightly than I would hold any woman ever again. I think as human beings we just somehow know when we we're living them, those images and sensations our minds will drift towards during our last conscious moments upon our deathbeds. Lying there with Irene in my arms, the faint glow of moonlight blotted by the leaves above, the sound of their gentle rustling in the breeze - these I have no doubt will be mine, just as I'm equally as sure they were hers.

"It's getting on," she whispered finally. "Better get going. Can't risk the Harveys already being up when I get back."

And God damn her if she wasn't right. Already the horizon was discernable, the former blackness now diluted to an inky blue. It would take her half an hour or more to cycle back to the farmhouse, the same treeless stretch of road along which the lorry rattled each morning.

"Well, see you Monday then. Out in the fields."

She'd mounted bicycle, was about to push off into the night. As a farewell, it seemed wholly insufficient.

"Irene, I won't forget this night. Not ever. I'll carry it in my heart like the night sky carries the moon and the stars."

"Be careful Vincenzo," she whispered back. "Please."

And with that she was gone, a slowly fading squeak in the darkness. Alone in the night, I contemplated the moon I'd just eulogised, three-quarters full, its glow dimmed behind a wisp of cloud. The north star was effortlessly located a little to its right, nestled amongst a dozen familiar constellations. Beneath, the iron-flat fields stretched to a horizon so low and distant I felt almost at sea. It seemed to call out to me. Beckon me to see what might lie beyond...

There was an English teacher who came to the camp one evening a week, Mr Marston his name. I recalled the tap of his baton against the map that first lesson: London, Birmingham, Bristol ... Northwards then, up into Scotland, back down again: Newcastle, Leeds, Nottingham ... Then that final tap, firmer, the point of the baton remaining pressed against the paper. And we, gentlemen, are just here. The fine county of Lincolnshire . Few of the class had been paying much attention, but I, the fisherman, had noticed: we weren't far from the sea.

London, Birmingham, Bristol Newcastle, Leeds, Nottingham And we, gentlemen, are just here. The fine county of Lincolnshire Follow the drone of the returning German bombers, I thought. East, towards the rising sun. Could put ten kilometres behind me before roll call, hit the coast by mid-morning....

For a moment, it seemed like the first step of some grand masterplan. But then what, I wondered? Steal some poor soul's trawler? Even if by some miracle I was able to get my hands on sufficient fuel, the prospect of attempting to navigate my way around the war-ravaged waters of Europe was hardly enticing.

I looked back towards the camp, reflected on all that it represented. Comradeship, adequate rations. A safe haven where to sit out the remainder of the war, however long that might be. And yes, all this wasn't half the reason I had to remain. Not even a hundredth, a thousandth.

Taking a deep breath, I stepped out from the treeline. Began the sprint for the wire.

*

Irene and I would meet covertly amongst those trees a further five or six times, each of our trysts a cruelly brief truce from reality. From the war, the endless bone-wearying toil. Only once did a sudden sway of torchlight cause my heart a nasty jump, force me to burrow myself stomach down in the dirt, pray I wouldn't be exposed. Over time, I perfected the contortionist wiggle through the barb, was able to emerge the other side more or less unscathed.

Into Irene's waiting arms I had also planned to scurry that first Saturday of September, just as soon as I'd helped Ettore Lo Bianco squirm his way through the wire.

~~~~~





Chapter Twenty-Five


Plot reminder: Vincenzo is poised to help his friend Ettore escape from camp 106a

Plot reminder: Vincenzo is poised to help his friend Ettore escape from camp 106a ~~~~~

~~~~~ "Are you sure Ettore?" Though the faintest of whispers, my words seemed a thunderous boom against the silence of the night. "It's still not too late to change your mind. "

The pair of us were pressed against the end wall of the final hut - significantly perhaps, I realised, the other side of the altar wall, my work now two-thirds complete. Ahead lay twenty metres of open ground before the treacherous coil of wire.

"I've never been surer of anything," Ettore breathed back. The night a black, cloud-covered one, it was difficult to discern the expression on his soil-caked face. The tone of his voice was however clear: determined, unhesitant. "If I'm going to die," he continued, "I'd rather die a free man than a slave."

"Enough talk of dying Ettore!" I chided, voice raised as loudly as I dared. "This is about life, remember, not about death."

A hand squeezed at my shoulder, my words paraphrased as if in mantra. "Life, not death." Then: "For the love of Christ, let's just get on with this Vincenzo before I burst out crying."

Before both of us did, I thought. But he was right, this was not the moment for prolonged goodbyes. In times of war, we had both learnt, farewells were almost always sudden and fleeting affairs. An unvoiced wish for a peaceful afterlife.

"Count to thirty," I instructed. "If you don't hear the owl hoot, come and join me, quick as you can."

Similarly to previous occasions, as I hunched down before the wire, the night remained silent, unmoved. Thankfully, there was no need to cup my hands together in mimicking signal. Moments later, Ettore was crouched down beside me.

"Unshoulder your knapsack," I told him. This I then hurled over the wire, the thud as it landed discernable enough to provoke a wince, a careful scan of the camp for any sign of movement, switched on lights. Blessedly once more, nothing.

I then pinched thumbs and forefingers to the wire, pulled two strands as far apart as my straining muscles were able.

"Keep your head down Ettore, OK. It's vital you don't look up."

Tentatively, he began to squirm himself through. Soon let out a hiss as the barb snagged into his flesh.

"Keep going Ettore," I encouraged. "You're almost there."

Indeed, only his boots, struggling like a pair of just-landed seabass, now remained camp-side.

"Give me a push Vincenzo. Think I'm stuck."

I swallowed, took a deep breath. I knew better than anyone the sharp sear of pain which would follow.

"Brace yourself... Now !"

Now The cry of pain was bravely muffled, the bark of a muzzled dog.

"Through?" I asked.

"Through," came the gasped reply.

"Good luck Ettore and God bless." My tears were by now a rising swell requiring the deepest of breaths to keep down. Ettore was the dearest friend I'd ever had. A comforting ever presence during those blackest years of my life.

"Thanks for everything," responded the night. "Finish that altar as beautifully as you can. See you in Lecce when it's all over."

" Pasticciotti and primitivo di Manduria ," I promised. Local cakes and wine. But he was gone now, a rapid succession of softly thudding boots fading into the blackness.

Pasticciotti primitivo di Manduria

His plan - at best describable as vague - was to head west. Irene's hometown of Liverpool perhaps. The ports of Wales. See if he could gain passage to war-neutral Ireland. From there, if the Battle for the Atlantic ever permitted, much further west still. All the way to New York, the grand heady sweep of the United States.

For now, all this remained a distant ambition only, the as-yet-undetectable light at the end of the longest and darkest of tunnels. Those first few days were the most crucial, the ones which would make or break him. Survive them, put enough distance between himself and camp 106a, then maybe, just maybe, he could allow himself to hope.

To this end, the decision had been taken to swap our identity tags. Whilst I doubted the full weight of the British military machine would be employed in hunting him down, no sooner was his absence discovered during morning roll call than official wires would be buzzing all the same. Though he should of course give any appraching figure of authority - either police or military - the widest possible of berths, if stopped he would simply show them his tags, say that due to a chronic manpower shortage he'd been billeted to a nearby factory or farm, something along those lines. Such arrangements were still rare at the time, but not unprecedented. The name Vincenzo D'Ambra wouldn't appear on any absconded lists, after all, and his story might thus be believed. The procurement at the earliest possible opportunity of civilian clothing - swiping them from a backyard clothesline seemed the most expedient way - would meanwhile render such a nerve-wracking confrontation with authorities ever less likely. He would melt into the background like a single English raindrop amongst so many others. Whilst his accent would still give away his nationality, his command of English had been honed via Mr Marston's weekly lessons and lent texts of Wilde and Shaw. A local would most probably take him for an Italian immigrant of many years, one of those not considered 'dangerous' enough for the British government to have forcibly expelled three years earlier.

Other than evading official controls, Ettore's biggest challenge would be money. Acquiring it, saving it, making it last. He would at some point need to find himself gainful employment, at least for a short period, offer his services to some farmer or factory owner desperate and short-handed enough to overlook correct bureaucratic procedure. In the meantime his pockets were weighed by the thirty shillings I'd managed to borrow from Irene. She in turn knew nothing of the purpose of her generous contribution, just that the money would be used 'in the service of God' and that if I ever got the chance I would pay her back. For her own protection, I had kept her in the dark over Ettore's imminent escape plan, and could only hope that right at that moment, hidden as arranged amidst the usual copse of ash trees, the night was black enough to veil from her sight the scurrying figure emerging the other side of the wire, the wind-tossed rustle of the leaves above her head loud enough to cover the sound of his panting.

Thirty shillings represented roughly two weeks' of Irene's wages. For a local person it would be enough to eat adequately for a month or more. Without an official ration book, Ettore would be unable to simply waltz into a grocery shop and buy what he required however. No, any food purchases would most likely have to made off the books, directly from the farmer. Forseeing this problem, Ettore and I had been squirreling away whatever we could, our cigarette rations swapped for extra tokens. Stashed away in the knapsack was a loaf of day-old bread, some cheese, a jar of jam, a tin of Bully Beef, two others of sardines, a thickish slice of cured ham, half a dozen pears and a bar of chocolate. Not much, but for those first few vital days at least, rations weren't something he'd need to worry about.

But dear God, the knapsack!

Perhaps it was the emotional intensity of the moment, perhaps the mind-clouding pain of the barb, but somehow or other he'd forgotten to grab it as he'd wriggled through the other side. I could just make it out - a formless shadow there on the ground, a deeper black against the night's dark canvas.

"Ettore! Ettore!"

But by then his panting had completely faded, the distance between us such that anything less than a full-blooded cry was useless. I knew from Tobruk that I was a faster runner than he; on more than one occasion I'd been forced to slow my step, drag him by the tunic to the nearest cover.

I thus precipitated myself through the wire. Recklessly, without delicacy. Sucked down the white-hot howl of pain.

It was as my hand located the strap of the kitbag that I heard it.

A snatched cry of agony. Muffled yet at the same time blood-curdling.

"Ettore!"

But once more, all I could allow myself was a vain hiss of a whisper.

I burrowed myself stomach-down into the moist soil.

Snatched in my breath.

Listened.

For several long moments the night remained silent, as if itself in shock. Then voices - faint, the words indistinct. I don't know how many of them there were, the blackness of the night ingenerous, revealing little, not even the vaguest of silhouettes. At least three, I think. Perhaps as many as six.

Suddenly, there was a flickering glow of illumination. A match or cigarette lighter. I could make out Ettore's dirt-blackened face on the ground, a second, much paler face crouched over him.

Then blackness again. That same to-and-fro of indistinct voices. And beneath, even fainter, another sound - repetitive, incessant. It took me a minute or more before I realised its chilling source.

A spade was digging at the earth.

I remember the bitter smell of the soil which pressed into my nostrils as I lay there cloaked in the blackness. Remember the silent scream of the night. The savage strain of my muscles against my own powerlessness.

Five minutes. Ten. When the spade finally ceased its dark machinations, when the voices had dissolved once more into the night, l ran with the force of the gods into those trees.

"Irene! Irene, dear Christ, did you see?"

But Irene was not there, only the sway of the branches, the complicit silence of the night.

I fell to my knees and cried. Cried for Ettore. Cried for a love left unfinished, without farewell. Cried for my unborn baby. Cried for everything, the whole indecipherable inferno of the world I'd been born into.

A minute perhaps, little more. Swallowed down that river of tears which remained, saved them for another time. Another year, another decade.

Hauled myself back to my feet and ran.

~~~~~





Chapter Twenty-Six


Plot reminder: After witnessing the murder of his friend Ettore Lo Bianco, Vincenzo has run off into the night ...

Plot reminder: After witnessing the murder of his friend Ettore Lo Bianco, Vincenzo has run off into the night ~~~~~

My immediate concern wasn't one of direction, any vague notion of destination. All that mattered was distance. Putting enough of it between myself and the camp as to render the possibility of any prompt, post-dawn capture an unlikely one.

Run . It seemed the only course of action open to me. What the hell else was I supposed to do? Squirm my way back through the wire, awaken Captain Terlizzi? It would be my word against theirs. Me, a greasy untrustworthy wop - what chance did I stand? And even if I were lucky in estimating the spot where they'd tossed Ettore's body into the soil and we were able to unearth him, the authorities would just claim it had been some internal thing. Everyone knew what we Italians were like, right? Some ad hoc camp mafia group had arisen, the murder a warning to any other protesters who refused to hand over their pizzo . Or if not that, a communist frozen by some pro-Mussolini hound dog.

Run pizzo Then there was Irene to consider. If I'd returned to the camp, awkward questions would have been asked. Why had Ettore and I swapped tags? What was I doing at the perimeter wire at past midnight? Not only was being accomplice to an escape attempt a punishable offence, I just couldn't risk them finding out my ulterior motives for being there. Couldn't risk Irene's name being shaken out in all of this. Whatever punishment I would have received I had little doubt would be inferior to hers. Docked pay most likely. An immediate re-assignment to some even more far-flung and austere place. Much, much worse would be the non-official penalty of long-lingering public shame. The whispers, the stares. People who'd never been in love, never shared such passion with a another human being as Irene had with I. People whose only pleasure in life was some feigned moral superiority. Those soulless, dull-witted types who populate this world like grains of sand a beach. By running from her, as fast and straight as I could, I sought only to shield her.

Though it's difficult to say with any level of precision, I'd estimate that between short sustained sprints and frantic gasping staggers I put thirty kilometres behind me before first light. It wasn't so much the official search patrols which frightened me, more the unofficial ones. Ettore's murderer and his accomplices would of course be surprised to discover that there wasn't just one but two names missing from the morning roll call. I recalled that brief flicker of light after the murderous deed - Ettore's face momentarily illuminated beneath another man's. They'd been checking the ID tags around his neck, I could only imagine. Verifying they'd killed who they thought they'd killed. It followed, therefore, that they'd be even keener than the authorities to hunt down the man they thought was Ettore Lo Bianco, silence him in the same despicable, cold-blooded way they had the man they thought was Vincenzo D'Ambra.

two Thirty kilometres. By my calculations, as a radius with camp 106a as centre point, this meant a surface area of almost three thousand square kilometres they would need to comb to find me. As the dawn rose grey and doleful, I collapsed into an irrigation ditch by the side of a field, buried myself in the first fallen leaves of autumn.

Thus the pattern was set. I moved under the cover of darkness, during daylight hours kept myself as hidden as I could.

Other than distance, my other primary concern during those first twenty-fours hours was to ditch my prisoner uniform. This for the record comprised of brown felt trousers and tunic with identifying beige patch on the back, my incongruity heightened by the uniform's shredded and blood-matted state following my headlong launch through the wire. I might as well have carried a neon sign on my back flashing the words 'Escaped POW'.

It was my fortune that my second night on the road was a dry, breezy and moonlit one. Coming across a village not long after blackout, I snuck myself over a back garden gate and pillaged the trousers, shirt and woollen jumper which featured amongst the garments on the clothesline. There was a bicycle leaning against the back wall of the house too, which certainly would have facilitated movement, saved my weary legs yet another twenty or thirty kilometre slog. I left it though; along with the clothes, it would have been too much. All they were subjected to - the nightly drone of the Luftwaffe, rations even more meagre than we prisoners of war received - I felt an immense solidarity with the local population. The only things I'd ever stolen before being the peaches or grapes which overhung the country roads of my native Puglia, the theft of that man's clothes is a guilt I've carried in my heart throughout the decades.

too The trousers were loose around my undernourished waist, forcing me to fashion a belt from a torn strip of my POW uniform. The shirt and jumper were similarly large, their cut too intended for the more bountiful diet of peacetime. I imagined I must have looked like a child who'd ransacked his father's wardrobe in play. Not ideal, no, but better than nothing.

Thus attired, I continued on my way. As previously mentioned, it mattered little which direction I took. The important thing was, whichever colour of the compass I opted for, it was one which should be maintained. That I didn't turn some clumsy headless circle, in short, find myself right slap bang in the middle of the danger zone once more. That my route happened to be a southbound one was purely coincidental - this the direction of the first country lanes I'd ducked down that frantic murderous night, the ones which seemed the longest and straightest, the most remote, the least likely to carry along them the curious blinding beam of approaching headlights. From then on, whenever visible, I made a conscious effort to keep the north star directly behind me.

It was the fifth day, Thursday, that dozing in the shade of a lone oak at the edge of a potato field I was pulled back into consciousness by the sound of distant voices. Jerked alert, I crept for cover around the wide, root-rippled base of the trunk, peeked out from behind.

I could see a dozen or so figures making their way onto the other end of the field. From one the silhouette of a side-strapped rifle was discernable, clearly a guard. Another figure, a civilian, was leading a horse - one of that heavy local breed known as shire. As the figures approached, I could now see that the other men were wearing the same manner of felt uniform I'd buried amongst some woods four days and around hundred kilometres earlier. Prisoners, yes, and what was more, they were Italian prisoners. Oh, there was no mistaking it. Exuberant, hand gesturing Italians, individual words ringing discernably across the early autumn afternoon. Blasphemies, playful jibes, other words which one should never repeat in front of one's mother. They seemed in particularly fine spirits, even despite the long hours of toil ahead.

I watched as the farmer hooked up a small plough to the shire, guided the animal then along a ruler-straight line. Behind, the men bent their backs to the loosened soil, deposited armfuls of potatoes into the tall cylindrical containers lined up behind them. As the shire then trudged its furrow back the other way, and with the bored-looking guard turned in the same direction as he puffed on a cigarette, I grabbed knapsack and scooted myself into the ditch at the side of the field, out of sight. Within a few minutes, I could hear a two-way chatter draw closer, the men's accents some northern inflection I wasn't familiar with. Veneto perhaps, or Friuli.

" Miei fratelli !" I hissed, just as soon as I judged they were within earshot. My brothers.

Miei fratelli My brothers. They were too wrapped up in their conversation however, a somewhat heated debate on whether Juventus or Bologna were the best football team in Italy.

I tried again, slightly louder: " Miei fratelli !"

Miei fratelli This time, the sporting discussion suddenly ceased.

"Who is it that jokes with us?" enquired a voice.

"This is no joke," I assured. "I'm here in the ditch." The words felt strange in my mouth, like a clutter of stones; they were the first I'd spoken to another human being since bidding Ettore farewell at the wire. "But please, don't come over. Just keep picking potatoes. Act like everything's normal."

There was a moment of silence. Then a second voice.

"What the cabbage are you doing in the ditch brother?"

"I'm on the run," I informed them. "Five days ago, I escaped."

I wasn't sure what I expected their response to be exactly, but certainly not an amused splutter.

"Escape! Holy Mother friend, your timing's not much, is it?"

Thus it was I discovered that twenty-four hours earlier in Cassibile, Sicily, General Castellano had signed an armistice surrendering Italian forces to the Allies. That we were no longer enemy soldiers but rather co-belligerents. And that as such, according to the men's senior officer, we could now expect our conditions to drastically improve. Monetary payment rather than tokens. No more Nissen Huts and perimeter wire but billetings in farmhouses. The same kind of tough but noble existence, in short, as that of the Land Girls we toiled alongside.

Not quite the pure, untethered freedom Ettore Lo Bianco had so desperately craved, no. Something in the middle, a mutually beneficial compromise. One, I could only wonder, which he might have accepted.

Which might just have saved his life.

~~~~~





Chapter Twenty-Seven


Plot reminder: Whilst on the run Vincenzo chances upon a group of Italian POWs picking potatoes in a field. It is through them that he learns of the armistice .

Plot reminder: Whilst on the run Vincenzo chances upon a group of Italian POWs picking potatoes in a field. It is through them that he learns of the armistice ~~~~~

Though my ditch-hidden conversation with the two potato pickers had been necessarily brief, it had also been an informative one. Their names were Giuseppe and Rocco, I learnt, both from the province of Treviso. The quickly outlined story they recounted bore great similarities with my own. Conscripted in the summer of 1940, there had followed a hopelessly brief basic training camp somewhere in Lazio before being sped down to Egypt. After their platoon was captured, they were shipped all the way to South Africa. Then in early '42, they were tossed all the way back up the Atlantic again. Since then, they'd been moved on three times to different camps across the south of England.

Their current camp, around ten kilometres from the potato fields they were harvesting, was number 45. About thirty or forty kilometres in a roughly south-westerly direction, they told me, was the city of Cambridge; a little further than that heading due east I'd hit the coast.

As our conversation neared its end, a brief cascade of potatoes had come tumbling over the edge of the ditch.

"Not much good without something to cook them on, I know," admitted one of the voices above - Giuseppe, I think. "Might prove useful to you, all the same."

"Good luck brother," called the other voice. "Let's hope the Americans get it over and done with quickly, then we can all go home. Holy Mary, we've all had enough of this damn war by now."

Though of course I would never know exactly how things panned out for Giuseppe and Rocco, the likelihood is they would have had to bend their backs to the British soil for at least another three years. It wasn't a simple case that on May 9th 1945, the day after the end of European hostilities, everyone waltzed on home to the warm embrace of their loved ones. The legal and logistical ramifications were complex. According to the Geneva Convention, POW status would only cease with a peace treaty, which was a different thing to a mere armistice. Although many of my compatriots would chose voluntarily to stay in Great Britain, to make a life for themselves in those rainier but more prosperous climes, there were numerous men forced against their will to keep toiling away right up until Italy's eventual formal signing of a peace treaty in the summer of 1947.

By then, Hitler's body had already been buried beneath the Berlin rubble for more than two years. That of his erstwhile pal Benito Mussolini, meanwhile - wherever it was it lay - had done so for two days longer.

The bad shuffle quickly from the stage. Only upon the good do the footlights of war awkwardly linger.

*

By the time of my brief conflab with Giuseppe and Rocco, I'd already put sufficient distance between myself and camp 106a to catch my breath a little. I could now devote my energies to formulating some kind of plan rather than pounding out further nocturnal kilometres. Supplies by this point were running dangerously low - all that remained of the little stash inside Ettore's knapsack was a tin of sardines, two pears and a third of the bar of chocolate. There were the potatoes Giuseppe and Rocco had slipped me too of course, but these would be a last resort only. Raw potatoes, I knew, carried bacteria. The last thing I could afford was to make myself sick.

It was decision time. East, towards the coast? Or else remain inland?

Like many who grow up beside the sea, the languid rhythms of the waves, their calming proximity, was something which on a spiritual level I missed deeply. As a place of work, however, the sea was much less enticing. So no, although it was likely the trawlers which set out each night from the various port towns of East Anglia were undermanned, and that given the chance I would prove myself an able hand, the prospect was not one which tempted me. The war had changed me both for better and for worse. On the one hand, I was more cynical, my soul inevitably hardened. On the other, my experiences had opened my eyes, shifted my perspective. What lay beyond the close proximity of Punto San Giacomo, beyond the walled horizons of my upbringing, was no longer a sinister mystery from which to shrivel. Instead, it was an opportunity. An adventure waiting to be experienced.



Thus it was as dusk fell I reset my bearings, kept the north star now behind my left shoulder. Found myself heading south-west, towards Cambridge. In doing so, even on some subconscious level, I took my first uncertain steps towards the world of culture and learning. Towards that lofty, longed-for realm of fine art.

*

The next day I found slumber amongst the soft bed of woodland ferns. It was late afternoon that I was brusquely awoken by the inquistive, sniff-quivering snout of a dog.

"Winston!" called a boy's voice from the path.

" Vai ," I urged the dog, pushing its snout away. Go . But it kept sniffing - exuberant, frisky, obviously still young.

Vai Go "Winston! Here boy!"

The voice was closer now, the child trapsing through the ferns in search. Raising my eyes as high as I dared, I glimpsed a scruffy, grubby-faced urchin of around ten years old. Spotting Winston's frantic tail above the ferns, his stride lengthened into an excited run.

"What have you found boy? A badger? A stoat?"

I considered for a moment breaking into a run - armistice or no armistice, the fact remained that I was an escapee from a British prisoner of war camp. But no, I thought. For one thing, Winston would prove difficult to outpace. Much more importantly, I would only render myself more sinister, increase the likelihood of the boy sprinting straight home, his parents calling out for the local police from one of those strange blue boxes which at the time littered the English countryside.

Instead, I rose slowly to my feet, wrestled playfully with the dog as it lunged at me on its hind legs. "Good boy Winston. Good dog."

The boy stopped dead in his tracks. Tentative, unsure of what to make of my sudden appearance. Unshaven, uncombed, my by-now-filthy clothes hanging off me like a breeze-swirled flag around a pole - I must have made for quite a sight.

"One of my uncles had a dog when I was your age," I told him. "White and black, like Winston." I smiled in reminiscence. " Vito was his name."

Vito A frown furrowed the boy's brow. "Foreign, int ya?"

I raised my hands, pleading my guilt. "I'm Italian," I admitted.

The frown lingered, as if trying to recall the significance of this. The shifting ebb and flow of the war - the battles won and lost, the changing allegiances - was difficult enough for an adult to keep pace with, let alone a ten-year-old. The boy was clearly bright though, well-informed.

"Changed sides now, ant ya?"

I gave a solemn nod. "Yes, we're on the right side now," I assured. "On the side of good."

He half-squinted his eyes at me for several moments, as if making his mind up about something. Winston had by this point made his way back to him, was sitting at his side, canine gaze similarly directed at me. Weighing things up, reflecting.

"Don't worry mister," the boy announced finally. "I won't tell nobody you was here."

There was a twitch of a smile, then gone, Winston charging off ahead in search of the source of some other irresistable smell.

The episode served as a first-hand confirmation that the tide of public opinion had now shifted in regards to we Italians. Had I been German the boy would not have been nearly so gregarious. In all likelihood, I'd have been rounded up by dusk.

Though the armistice was certainly a positive development in my own personal story - and in those of all other Italians in allied hands - there was however a much bleaker side to the new political situation. That night as the previous and for all future nights until the fall of Berlin, I found my thoughts turning inexorably to home. What manner of pitiless teutonic vengeance was being rained down on my motherland, I wondered? I imagined right at that very moment a fleet of German bombers strafing the Adriatic coast of Puglia - Bari, Brindisi, Otranto, the smaller ports and fishing towns in between. Punto San Giacomo . Yes, even that tiniest and most insignificant dot on the map which was my hometown.

Punto San Giacomo I thought of my father out at sea, eyes turned landwards, the periodic white flashing booms illuminating the coast. Thought of my mother and brother and three sisters at home in the faint glow of candlelight. Thought of Ada - dear, sweet Ada - lost in the darkness of our marital home. Of Carmela Russo. Of the boys I'd gone to school with, scuffed empty tins around in the dirt with, wrestled with, swapped jibes with, watched the pretty girls walk by with. Of those countless familiar faces which had populated my childhood and adolesence. Told me off for running too fast or shouting too loud, the whole community tasked with the role of parenting, of keeping an eye out, of forcefully indicating what was wrong and what was right.

I could only raise my gaze to the stars and pray to whichever celestial ear may have been listening that all of them, every last one, would see the light of dawn.

My fears were indeed well-founded. In one of the single bloodiest wartime tragedies to afflict the Italian mainland, the port of Bari would less than three months later be subject to an intense and sustained aerial attack with the resulting loss of 2000 lives.

All of a sudden, that faint, distant drone of the Luftwaffe I could hear in the skies overhead each night had become ever more sinister.

~~~~~





Chapter Twenty-Eight


Plot reminder: Six days have now passed since Ettore Lo Bianco's murder and Vincenzo is still on the run. Italian authorities have during this same period signed an armistice, changing the status of Italian POWs in allied hands .

Plot reminder: Six days have now passed since Ettore Lo Bianco's murder and Vincenzo is still on the run. Italian authorities have during this same period signed an armistice, changing the status of Italian POWs in allied hands ~~~~~

The following dawn, Friday 10th September, was one of those bright but misty affairs like a thin cotton sheet backlit by the glow of a torch. It felt auspicious somehow, the day ahead a jewel about to be unveiled. The sort during which risks might be taken, stakes claimed.

The woods where I planned on burrowing away my weary body for the duration of the daylight hours was bordered by a cattle farm, the misted silhouettes asleep in the pasture larger and more impressive than one might expect of such docile creatures. Certainly, I couldn't recall having ever seen such healthy-looking cows back in Italy. All that lush green English grass they chewed, I supposed. Such a rainy climate had its advantages, yes.

I was just about to turn back into the dark interior of the woods when I heard a sudden clap of hands in the mid distance, the chirpy call of female voice. "Come on now girls. Time for milking." There was a brief muffled chorus of bovine grunts, as if in vain protest, and then with a swish of their tails the creatures turned sluggishly towards the sorting gate. I could just make out the outline of the person who stood guard - a slender figure in ankle-length skirt, hair gathered into a bun.

It was the same figure I would spot again mid-afternoon after waking, this time wheeling a bicycle through the front gate of the pretty-looking farmhouse on the other side of the pasture. I watched as she mounted, began pedalling away back along the same country lane which had led me there. The earlier mist had by this time cleared, the patches of sky visible through the canopy of the trees that typical English mottling - equal parts blue, white and grey. At that particular moment the sun was uncovered, its golden light illuminating the woman's smooth glide, setting aflame her auburn hair. Mid- to late-thirties I estimated, though from that distance it was difficult to be certain.

As I followed her progress I noticed that the perimeter fence along that side of the padture was in a sorry-looking condition - several of the stakes were diagonally slanted, the wire inbetween sagged and curved. A recent storm perhaps, or else the flank of the van which collected the milk had one day strayed a little too far to the side of the narrow lane. Whichever the case, if the cattle had a mind to it wouldn't take much for them to break through, scatter themselves far and wide over the neighbouring fields. The sudden appearance of a fox might set them off, for example, or the nearby boom of an anti-aircraft gun.

I don't recall there being any conscious thought process. Not a decision duly deliberated and then made. More it was instinct, an involuntary flex like a hand swatting at a buzzing fly. No sooner had the woman disappeared from sight than I was on my feet, creeping my way stealthily around the perimeter of the pasture and onto the lane. As I approached the farmhouse there was no discernable sign of life from inside - no noise or movement, the windows and exterior doors all closed. This was as I had expected: if anywhere near the woman's own age, her husband would be caught somewhere in the distant tides of war.

As I unclicked the gate and tiptoed around the side of the house, it soon became apparent that the woman didn't live completely alone however: stepping into the backyard area, I was immediately beset upon by a twin canine assault. One of the two dogs, a border collie, was quickly befriended; the other, a Yorkshire terrier, took a little longer to becalm. It was a backyard they shared with a handful of cackling hens, a rope-tied goat and a languid, unmoved cat.

completely The clutter of outbuildings were rickety-looking wooden constructions of a similar state of disrepair to the perimeter fence. There was a fairly rudimentary milking room consisting of a line of stalls, a feed store which seemed to be running critically low, and finally a disorganised mess of a tool shed in which several minutes' of frenetic rummaging were required before I was finally able to unearth all the implements I needed.



The next couple of hours were thus spent in hard, focused toil, my neck swivelling frequently back along the lane, ready to sneak off at the first sign of the woman's return. Fencing was a skill I'd developed from my time at the Bedfordshire camp, and thus the straightening and tightening of the half-collapsed section was effected with little difficulty. The border collie didn't even register a bark upon my second appearance in the backyard to return the tools, and even the Yorkshire terrier's agitation was somewhat half-hearted.

It was as I was finishing off the last of the knapsack rations back behind the treeline of the woods that I spied the woman cycling homewards along the lane. It wasn't until half an hour later however, appearing once more at the sorting gate to call the cattle in for milking, that she noticed the repairs to the fence. Closing the gate behind her, she wandered across for a closer inspection, hand placed pensively on chin, head shaking increduously. Inquisitive glances were shot off towards all points of the compass, the most lingering of which seemed to be in the direction of the woods.

*

After six consecutive nights of rapid, covert movement with in excess of a hundred and fifty kilometres covered, it was a relief to both body and mind to stay put for once. As the cows grunted their disturbance at the drone of the Luftwaffe overhead, it wasn't lost on me that a week exactly had now passed since the murder of Ettore Lo Bianco. For all that time the tobacco tin of personal effects had remained untouched at the bottom of the knapsack like some kind of weighting stone. Only now to the accompanying flicker of a match strike did I pull it out, lift open the lid.

Photographs mainly - a somewhat meek-looking mother, the father an older and slightly more corpulent version of the son. Some manner of high-up civil servant in Lecce city hall, Ettore had once told me. Yes, his middle class refinement had been incongruous amidst we sons of fishermen and dockers and farm hands. A pearl-laden oyster amongst a raised net of so many cockles and mussels.

Other than Ettore's parents, other photographed relatives included wrinkly toothless grandparents, posed aunts in all their Sunday best finery, grim-faced unsmiling uncles. No siblings, Ettore's status of only child something of a rarity in pre-war Italy when the mere mention of the word 'contraception' was strictly taboo. Beyond social class, the lack of brothers and sisters with whom to squabble or contend with for parental attention had undoubtedly played an important factor in developing his character and interests. Partly explained, perhaps, his insatiable bookishness and fragile sensitivity.

There were a handful of other memories in the tobacco tin too - a silver confirmation chain, a folded colour print of Caravaggio's 'Burial of Jesus', and a similarly folded certificate from Lecce Classical Lyceum announcing his second placing in a poetry competition.

Unlike most soldiers' tins, that Ettore's contained no photograph of a sweetheart or any stashed away images of exposed female flesh was telling. Yes, I'd always somehow perceived that he was a little different in this respect. And maybe that had been part of it, the reason for his introspection, his difficulty in fitting in, of feeling comfortable in his own skin. As if the stern intolerance of Catholic doctrine wasn't already enough, Mussolini had rounded all the homosexuals up, sent them off to the remote Tremiti Islands to keep them out of public circulation. Given such a backdrop, Ettore must have been made to feel he was some kind of depraved abomination. An insult to nature.

As I carefully placed all the objects back inside and closed the lid, I felt my eyes well with tears. My own tobacco tin of personal effects had remained there under my bunk pillow in camp 106a. The only photographs I had of my family. My finest ink drawing pen. The wedding band Ada Pucci had slipped onto my finger that dark December morning almost three years earlier.

My past felt like some minor treasure dropped by a mariner's clumsy hands into the sea.

Forever lost. Irretrievable.

*

A little before first light the following morning I carried out the second part of my plan. After emptying the potatoes Giuseppe and Rocco had slipped me into the cotton bag I'd pilfered from amidst the chaos of the tool shed, I once more crept around the perimeter of the pasture - my progress soundtracked by the occasional half-awoken groan - and slipped myself around the side of the farmhouse. The success of my plan depended on whether the two dogs, particularly the Yorkshire terrier, slept inside the house. Fortunately it seemed so, my emergence into the backyard greeted by no more than a scurrying flap of hens' wings and the unimpressed mewling of the cat. After depositing the bag of potatoes onto the backdoor step, I stole off to the woods once more.

The dawn was clearer than the previous day. As such, I had little difficulty making out the woman's approach towards the sorting gate an hour or so later. Rather than an awakening clap directed at the dozing cattle, she peered for some moments into the woods as if trying dissect the sunless gloom of its interior.

"Whoever you are," she called out, "you can quit it now with the charm offensive. You've won me over, OK. Come out and show yourself."

Hooking knapsack over my shoulder, I duly stepped out from the treeline, felt the full caress of daylight on my face. I paused at the edge of the pasture as she approached, her tread a measured, unhurried one between the stirring mounds of her herd.

Now just ten metres away from me, she paused, a smile crooking one corner of her lips as she moved her gaze down then up, examining the full ramshackle extent of me. From my own returned examination I concluded that she was just a little older than I'd first thought - early-forties perhaps - but was no less elegant than expected. Indeed, was even more beautiful perhaps, hers the the type of soft, delicate features Rembrandt would have taken inspiration from.

"Escaped from somewhere, haven't you?"

It wasn't an accusation, more a simple affirmation of fact.

"Italian?" she then asked.

"Yes," I replied.

She nodded, as if some outstanding issue were now settled.

"Know anything about cows?"

"Not much," I admitted.

There was a sigh: resigned, unsurprised. "Let's just hope you're a quick learner." She half turned then, took a step away. "I'm Hilda by the way. And you?"

"Ettore," I replied. "Ettore Lo Bianco."





Chapter Twenty-Nine


Plot reminder: Assuming the identity of Ettore Lo Bianco, Vincenzo has been taken in by Hilda, the owner of a dairy farm near Cambridge .

Plot reminder: Assuming the identity of Ettore Lo Bianco, Vincenzo has been taken in by Hilda, the owner of a dairy farm near Cambridge ~~~~~

And so I learnt about cows.

I learnt how to place my hands around their teats, the correct level of delicacy required in the squeezing and pulling. I learnt how to influence their movements with differing facial expressions, ensure an orderly procession through the sorting gate at milking time. I learnt that even these most docile of God's creatures were prone to a wide spectrum of emotions, and that the intensity of these emotions are as indiviual to each cow as they are to each of we human beings.

And in learning all this, I in turn learnt much about myself, whoever the hell I was. Ettore Lo Bianco, formerly Vincenzo D'Ambra. Some strange hybrid in between.

I was adaptable. Quick to understand new concepts, develop new skills. Life-hardened enough to know that nothing ever lasts forever, yet still enough of a dreamer to hope it anyway might. Above all else, I was a man who could sense an opportunity like a dog an approaching storm. Though I wasn't yet quite sure of what lay ahead, I knew it wouldn't be what I'd left behind. For now at least, this seemed enough.

And thus when Hilda casually enquired as to my background that second or third day at the farm as we worked teats side by side in the stalls, I told her I was from the inland town of Lecce deep in the Italian heel. That I was an only child, the son of a civil servant. That my birthday was the one stamped onto my ID tags, not the one stamped equally as indelibly onto the memory of friends and family. Not the 15th of May but the 23rd of April. I had suddenly become three weeks older.

The way I liken it is to the bronze statue of Juliet which has stood in the courtyard of the Capulet house in Verona since the 1970s. Tradition has it that by rubbing her right breast those visitors who are unlucky in love will magically become more fortunate. Needless to say, in that particular area of the girl's body the original bronze tan has worn away, a shinier brass tone been revealed beneath.

The details I shared with Hilda that morning were the same which would be repeated countless times to other people over the course of the following decades.

That's the thing about a lie. As Juliet's right breast, in time it begins to take on a different colour. A truth-like shine.

*

Due to its nature and location, the place was known somewhat unimaginatively as 'Woodside Dairy Farm'. Looking back now, it often occurs to me that the years I spent there were the happiest of my life.

It's a trick of the memory, I think, that we recall different chapters of our personal stories by way of snapshots rather than the jerky roll of moving film, and that the tone and angle and light quality of the snapshots reflect our emotional connection to those periods. Thus it is I picture my time at the farm in a series of low-angled stills on one of those endless English June evenings, the sun half sunk behind the woods or the chimney of the farmhouse. Shots brimful of long, dreamy shadows, the silhouetted forms of the cattle, a hundred dappled shades of green.

It's almost as if my mind has erased the short, dark days of winter. The cow-burying snowdrifts, the constant squelch of mud beneath my boots.

The toil though; no, I haven't forgotten those endless hours of toil. I can still feel them there in my very bones, a weary lingering ache. Hilda had me work harder than any camp commander could have done. Any senior officer, any general. I didn't mind though. For Hilda Frecklington I'd have moved mountains if I'd had to.

She was a widow, her husband John having been lost somewhere in the icy depths of the Norwegian fjords during the opening salvoes of the Allied war. At 40, he'd been a year too young to avoid the start of the current conflict just as at 18 he'd been a year too old to avoid the end of the last. His experiences in the Great War had taught him one thing: better anything than a foot soldier. Hence his ill-fated decision to reinvent himself as a naval man.



The various photographs scattered around walls and on top of mantelpiece showed a handsome, well-groomed man with the type of eyes which seemed out of sync with the rest of his facial expression, the sort which smiled even when lips were set straight.

It was a kindness of gaze shared by the couple's son, Ronnie. His 18th birthday and thus the arrival of his conscription papers had been less than a month after they'd received the tragic news of his father's death. 'I fear that at the vital moment he won't be lucid enough,' Hilda once confided in me. 'That he's treating it all as a sort of personal revenge.' The squeaking approach of Bob the postman's bicycle along the lane each morning was a moment of grave, unbearable tension. The fear seemed almost to paralyse her. Freeze her like a hooked lamb awaiting the slaughterman's knife. "Just another letter from Iranian front," she'd breathe, examining the handed over missive. And in her own deep exhale of relief I too would feel that some dark looming weight had once more been side-stepped.

It was in Ronnie's room that I slept, his childhood enshrined by the wooden sailing boat and tin racing car which sat atop a shelf, his adolescence by the magazine photographs of Katharine Hepburn and Greta Garbo pinned around the walls. It was, I recall, the most comfortable bed I had ever slept in, one I would collapse into gratefully, find the truce of slumber the exact same instant my head squashed into pillow.

If any caller or busybody in the nearby village asked, they were simply informed that I was an Italian POW who, post-armistice, had been billeted at Woodside Dairy until further notice. Nobody seemed to bat an eyelid, concured only that, yes, what with her husband's passing and son away at war, Hilda could use an extra pair of hands around the place. Within a couple of months I'd been accepted as part of the local community, my name anglicised as Hector.

In truth, dairy production wasn't a top priority for authorities when assigning labourforce billetings. Milk simply did not feature amongst frontline rations; given the distant equatorial nature of most of the British military engagements during the middle years of the war, even cheese was problematic. With milk thus considered a commodity of almost exclusively domestic use, it was unlikely that Hilda would ever be assigned officially sanctioned help, be it Land Girl or prisoner of war. The exact details of my provenance, therefore, was something Hilda was happy to overlook. Unauthorised, off-the-books: yes, it suited her just fine.

The only drawback to this arrangement was of course my lack of officially provided rations. Though the war effort was a concept held sacrosanct by the British, human nature is a blight to even the most noble of minds. Thus it was that not every last gallon of milk was loaded onto the government collection van each morning, and that some of that gallon was set aside for immediate personal use, another couple of pints would be pinched with salt and left to curdle into butter, and what was left might be swapped with a nearby farmer who likewise had kept aside a few extra cabbages or carrots or potatoes. Whilst our table was far from an abundant one, Hilda and I got by better than most.

After a childhood spent in the cramped environment of a fisherman's hovel struggling to hear my own thoughts above the exuberant din of four siblings, then an early adulthood in the even more cacophonous surroundings of military cofraternity - of the most devasting conflict in human history - the peace and quiet of Woodside Dairy was more than just refreshing but a bonafide revelation. For the first time in my life I could feel the soft contented breathing of my soul. Could hear the whir of cerebral cogs turning, ideas beginning to form.

*

It was during my seventh month there, April 1944, that I spied the figure trudging along the lane as I called the cattle through the gate for afternoon milking. Slender, uniformed, kitbag slung over shoulder. The side-parted hair was auburn like his mother's, bleached a shade lighter by the Iranian sun.

"Hilda!" I called.

But she'd spotted him too from where she stood scattering corn for the hens in the backyard. She froze as still as a statue for some moments, the feed bowl slipping from her grasp, cascading its contents across the dirt. A blur of motion then, running towards him, arms opened in waiting embrace. He in turn skipped dutifully into it, a smile dawning wide and bright across his face. Even the cows seemed to turn in their direction, tails swishing as if in some primitive communication of shared joy.

And thus it was for the next month I found myself relegated to the sofa in the living room. I didn't begrudge Ronnie of course; indeed, the two of us quickly forged a brotherly bond. We were the same age, after all, had fought for our countries in the desert heat. In addition, we both had the best interests of Hilda Frecklington at heart.

Those few short weeks he was home on leave, her step seemed lighter, her brow straighter, less crinkled by worry and doubts and whatever dark imaginings were playing through her mind. She became younger, in short, but not in that superficial way of a change of hairstyle or a new dress. It wasn't a simple matter of a few years being shaved off, more that she regressed back into adolescence, became a girl once more and everything that being a girl entailed. Lips pursed in whistle, a carefree sway to her hips, a head full of dreams.

The second or third Saturday night of his leave, Ronnie dragged me with him to the The White Horse over in the village and we got as drunk as Lords. Together with a few of the locals, he even taught me the words to 'Roll Out the Barrel'. I remember it was a little before this point in proceedings - the fourth or fifth pint perhaps - that he confided in me that his mother had often mentioned me in her letters. As I'd stepped out from the woods that day, she'd written, it had seemed that I was a gift from God. "I think it was all starting to get on top of her," he'd continued. "You know, the solitude. The hard toil." He'd clinked his beer mug into mine, fixed me with his smiling eyes. "Thanks for being here for her Hector."

He was to report for duty at a barracks somewhere in Sussex, he'd said. The south coast was inundated with servicemen, apparently. Lots of Americans and Canadians too. Rumour had it that the powers-that-be were planning something big. Something breathtaking. A rapid mass movement of men across the Channel to try and gain a foothold in France.

"Anything happens to me," he whispered into my ear as we said our goodbyes on the day of his departure. "Look after her will you?"

He had my solemn promise, I assured him.

Solemn , yes... This was the adjective which best described Hilda's demeanour in the days and weeks which followed. That girlish lightness had gone, the weight of the adult world once more pressing down on her. It was with an increased neck-bent intensity that she listened to the BBC news reports on the wireless each evening. Her silences were longer, her gaze more distant.

Solemn It was the 12th of June, six days after the Normandy landings, that the telltale squeak of his bicycle announced Bob the postman's approach down the lane. There was something more doleful to the noise that day however. Something somehow sinister. Ominous.

Scrubbing out the milking stall next to me, I think Hilda sensed it too, the glance she flicked across at me before rushing out to the lane one of pure, untrammeled terror.

By the time I caught up with her the missive had already been snatched from Bob's hands. Ripped open. Its contents tossed to the ground as if in vain refusal to register the words there written.

I somehow managed to guide her inside, collapse her down on the settee. After that, I just remember holding her. Holding her for hours. Holding her until the sobs finally subsided, until a profound and welcome sleep placed its veil over the blackness of her conscious world.

And as I held her, I thought about Irene Brennan, her binding roots similarly severed. About Ada and my mother and Ettore Lo Bianco's mother, nine whole months now without word. About all those countless other mothers and sisters and grandmothers and wives and sweethears the world over waiting so vainly, so uselessly, back at home.

Wars may be fought by men, but is our women who suffer them.





Chapter Thirty


Plot reminder: Having taken on the identity of his murdered friend Ettore Lo Bianco, Vincenzo has been taken in by a widowed dairy farmer named Hilda Frecklington. In the previous chapter, she suffers the heartbreak of learning that her son, Ronnie, has perished in the D-Day landings .

Plot reminder: Having taken on the identity of his murdered friend Ettore Lo Bianco, Vincenzo has been taken in by a widowed dairy farmer named Hilda Frecklington. In the previous chapter, she suffers the heartbreak of learning that her son, Ronnie, has perished in the D-Day landings ~~~~~

The final acts of the war vibrated through the oval speaker grill of the living room wireless. The bloodbath of the Bulge, the firestorm of Dresden, the vain defence of Berlin to the very last soldier child. Narrated in that haughty-voiced rasp of the BBC, these were just the closing chapters of the densest and most terrible of tomes. The denouement of a cautionary tale which would call its booming echo to future generations, one in which there were no real winners. In which mankind itself was the loser.

Though we'd all known it was over for several days by then, Churchill's official announcement came mid-afternoon of May the 8th, a Tuesday if I recall correctly. Hilda told me I could have the rest of the day off if I liked, join in the fun over in the village. The end of the war in Europe didn't feel like a cause for celebration to me either however, more the funeral after a slow and painful death.

There was a bottle of scotch in the display cabinet, a good one I think which hadn't been touched since that day back in late '39 that her husband had folded his conscription papers into pocket and walked out of the front door, destined never to return. She poured hearty measures into two glasses, clinked hers to mine.

"Suppose we should mark the occasion somehow," she frowned. Convincing herself more than me it seemed. "To my John and my Ronnie, and let's hope Hitler rots in hell for all eternity."

Raising my glass, I too made a toast. "To my fallen brothers in Tobruk. To my fallen brothers everywhere. As for Hitler, let's hope Mussolini's right there beside him, his culo also roasting in the fires of the inferno."

culo We downed our whiskies in a single gasping slug, slammed the glasses to the table. A duty performed, an obbligation executed. Headed off then to clean out the stalls before afternoon milking.

We were right, I believe, to limit ourselves to a solemn toast, a single winced shot of whisky. The news flow of the following months was in many ways more harrowing than those which had preceded that day. Hiroshima, Nagasaki, those first bloodchilling reports of what had awaited the liberating armies in the abandoned Nazi concentration camps... Man's thirst for inventing ever more devastating ways of slaughtering his fellow man had reached new and unrepeatable depths.

To those of us who lived through those terrible years, managed somehow to survive them, the war has never really ended.

It's still there, a lingering bruise on the tissue of our hearts.

*

Since my unplanned flee from camp 106a, my artistic output had been limited. This was due principally the seven-days-a-week nature of dairy farming. Down time was as rare as a cloudless English sky.

The few works I managed to complete were effected over a series of snatched ten-minute periods rather than full concentrated afternoons or evenings. There was a sketch of Hilda which I was particularly proud of and which earnt me a moist-eyed smile when I presented it to her. This was duly framed and given pride of place on the mantelpiece next to the wedding clock. That short period Ronnie was home on leave I persuaded him pose for me too. I'm not sure what happened to that sketch though - Hilda had stowed it away in some secret private cubbyhole no doubt, only looked at it when she felt brave enough. When she thought she might bear it.

Other than potraits, I also managed a few projections of the farmhouse from varying angles, a couple of which I've still got stashed away in an old folder somewhere. Everything pencil or at most ink cross hatch. Didn't pick a brush up at all for the remainder of the war, unless the coat of weather varnish I gave the outbuildings counts.



From the railway station in the village, Cambridge was only a twenty-minute ride away. Once again however, the day-to-day commitments of the farm ensured my visits were both infrequent and short - not the lazy wanderings of a curious tourist but the in-and-out freneticism of a farm hand charged with replacing some worn-out tool or piece of equipment. The little of the place I had the opportunity to see was however awe-inspiring - a seemingly endless sprawl of gothic spires and lush green lawns, the sky-reflecting waters of the Cam meandering their languid course betwixt and between. These the same streets and alleyways which had been trodden by Oppenheimer and Darwin and Rutherford, I couldn't help thinking. By Milton and Tennyson and Brooke. I was immediately hooked by the place. Beguiled.

It seemed that the city was held sacrosanct even by the Luftwaffe, that the Nazi bombing raid stategists had ordered its Focke-Wulfs and Heinkels to steer well clear. Only once did I witness the destruction of war: a half-collapsed end terrace and partially crumbled facade of a neighbouring church. A rogue bomb, some confused pilot spying a cluster of ground-level lights, believing himself to be already above Coventry or Birmingham or Leicester.

Scuffing my boots up the stone entrance steps, I took a look through the church door. The hit seemed to have been a recent one, the dust a thin still-settling veil across my vision. Though a small parochial affair, from its gold-leafed ornatations it was evidently a Catholic church. The painted altar backdrop, showing a pained-looking Christ on the cross, had been cracked like a bolt of lightning down the middle. Here and there to either side of the central fissure coin-sized patches of stone had crumbled away; the whole of the saviour's right eye was missing, for example, as if he were sporting a grey-coloured pirate's patch. There were a pair of artists working on restorations, one applying stucco towards the base, the other atop a stepladder fine-brushing a new shine to the discoloured halo. Young-looking, both of them. Volunteers from the university, I wondered.

As I watched them it was impossible not to think of the painted altar back at camp 106a. I could only hope that someone of similarly artistic inclinations had finished the job off for me. That its hard-earnt beauty had brought succour to my compatriots. Through all my years in England I would never again venture inside the thirty-kilometre radius of the camp which I'd opened up on that heart-pounding, lung-screaming night of Saturday September 4th, 1943. Couldn't risk being recognised. The whole carefully constructed house of cards being puffed down.

Some years ago a female acquaintance of mine who was much more embracing of the digital age than I have ever been introduced me to that strange cyber universe of the internet. Showed me amonst other revelations how to effect a Google search. And so during a visit to my local public library one morning I found myself taking a seat at a vacant computer, out of curiosity typing in the words ' painted altar, prisoner of war camp 106a, Northdyke, England .' It hadn't been with any great sense of expectation that I did so. A clutching at straws, that was all. A stab in the dark.

painted altar, prisoner of war camp 106a, Northdyke, England It came as a surprise therefore when a couple of images flashed up onto the screen from a local history site. These were monochrome, not quite in focus, the altar cross and other decorations, as well as the acting priest figure, little more than fuzzy-edged silhouettes. Although difficult to discern quality level, it was however clear that backdrop had been finished. The remaining half a dozen apostles which I'd left only block shaded had now been animated with facial details, the folds of their clothing lent a three-dimensional lightness and shade. Few things have brought greater pleasure to my heart, stretched my lips into a wider smile, than coming across those images.

Lost momentarily in that bittersweet haze of nostalgia, along with relevant key words I then typed the name Irene Brennan into the Google search bar.

Unlike the altar, Irene had left no digital trace however. Hadn't remained Irene Brennan for very much longer most probably, I'd reasoned. In that patriachal Anglo-Saxon tradition, had become Irene Some Other Surname. Her beauty framed in the gaze of that luckiest of all men.



*

It was the week following V.E Day that Hilda finally confronted the subject. Casually it seemed, matter-of-factly, as she lay my fried egg on toast before me following morning milking. I could sense however that it was something she'd been building up to, bracing herself for the undesired outcome.

"Suppose you'll be heading home now. Back to Italy."

As the enquiry, my response too had been pre-deliberated, my wording mentally rehearsed, affected with feigned nonchalance.

"Couldn't even if wanted to," I shrugged. "Would need official repatriation papers." I think she forgot sometimes that I'd escaped, was as illegitimate as a mongrel dog. "But I don't want to go back anyway." I looked up at her as she scrubbed the pan clean at the sink. "I think I'd... I mean, if it would give you pleasure that is... Well, I think I'd like to stay."

With her back to me she must have thought I couldn't see the involuntary flicker of a smile my response had provoked. The dawn was a grey one however, the outside darkness and interior light conspiring to render the kitchen window in front of her as reflective as a mirror.

"I could start paying you an honest wage I suppose," she mused. "The same as I'd pay a local hand. Would have to take something off for food and lodgings of course."

Hitherto our arrangement had been that I felt the weight of a farthing or shilling coin in my hand only upon request. A twice-weekly packet of cigarettes. When I needed a replacement for some item of her late-husband's clothing I'd worn out. My rare ventures out to The White Horse, my even rarer half-day trips to Cambridge on the train. It wasn't until some years later that I discovered she'd regularly been depositing contributions in a savings account she'd opened up at the village post office a month after my arrival at the farm.

"Money," I responded. "Yes, I would like a little money. Not much, just some." I pierced the yolk of my egg with fork twine, watched as its golden cream oozed into the crispy-edged hollows of the toast. In my experience, it is only Englishwomen who truly know how to fry an egg. "More than that," I continued, "I want your help Hilda." At this she lay down her scrubbing brush, her gaze as she turned to face me a curious one.

"I want to study," I told her. "Study long, study hard. And at the end of it, I want to give new life to faded beauty. An art restorer, Hilda. I'll work myself into the ground if you only help me become an art restorer."

*

There was a retired grammar school teacher in the village called Mr Habergham, a somewhat corpulent figure who was often to be spotted perched on his usual barstool at The White Horse with a frothing pint of best bitter in hand as if in a fevered quest to become ever more rotund. He it was I paid a visit to the following Saturday evening, our conversation soundtracked by the chink of the best china his wife served our tea in.

"Cambridge!" His expression was one of amused incredulity, as if I'd announced I planned to take a day-trip to the moon. "Let me see if I've heard this right: you finished school in Italy at fourteen and now wish to study at Cambridge University?"

Yes, I assured him, his ears hadn't let him down. The reasons I recounted for holding such a lofty ambition were the same I'd explained to Hilda. The personal challenge. The quality of education I would receive. My immense employability upon graduation. And whilst all this was of course true, it was only part of the truth, a single facet of it. My principal motivation couldn't be voiced, consisted simply of a name: Ettore Lo Bianco . It was one I intended wear with honour. Do justice to. Parade through the dusty libraries and columned porticos of one of the world's most prestigious universities.

Ettore Lo Bianco In an attempt at persuading Mr Habergham that the endeavour might be even remotely possible, I showed him an I.Q test I'd come across in one of Hilda's old copies of Reader's Digest. According to the accompanying article, my result of 136 placed me in the top two per cent of the population.

He nodded, vaguely impressed. "Your intelligence I put not in doubt Mr Lo Bianco. Unfortunately for you however, cognitive skills are only part of the equation. Of even greater importance is recall capacity. Have you got space in your head for the sheer avalanche of facts you'll be expected to know?"

Firstly, he went on, I would need to improve my English. Grammar, syntax and vocabulary all needed to go up several notches. Linguistic preparation alone, he estimated, would require a whole year. At some point I would also need to apply to the authorities for the status of Indefinite Leave to Remain. Not only would this give me the legal right to work in Great Britain, but also to study. Once the status was granted, he foresaw little difficulty in registering me as an external candidate at his former school for the basic level state exam. A year of general study would be required. After a further year's study, I might then try for the Higher School Certificate.

His bespectacled grey eyes fixed me in an earnest gaze. "But really, this represents the cresting of a mere foothill. What would await you afterwards is the full neck-tilting hulk of a Himalayan behemoth. The academic Mount Everest that is the Cambridge admission exam."

In forty years of grammar school teaching, he explained, only a handful of his boys had ever had the temerity to even try, and of those only two had met the required standard. As an eighteen-year-old he himself had also failed the exam; had been forced to settle for the second class academic environs of York.

"We'd need to sharpen your knowledge across the full gamut of academic subjects from algebra to zoology. From Aristotle to Zimmerman. Another full year of study, minimum."

He took a sip of his tea, left me to reflect for a moment.

Four years .

Four years If I was lucky, four years. If everything went to plan, four years. Two-fifths of a decade emersed not just in cow dung but also in books, sleep some quaint notion that other people indulged in.

"Are we clear on what lies ahead Mr Lo Bianco?"

I held his gaze defiantly. Unflinchingly.

"Yes," I replied.





Chapter Thirty-One


Plot reminder: Following the end of the war, Vincenzo (now Ettore) has decided to remain in Britain and has ambitions of studying at Cambridge University .

Plot reminder: Following the end of the war, Vincenzo (now Ettore) has decided to remain in Britain and has ambitions of studying at Cambridge University ~~~~~

Those immediate post-war years were strange ones. A period of contradictions, of things working out the exact opposite to how you might have imagined.

Take rationing, for example. Rather than restrictions gradually lifting, they became ever more austere. First the permitted quantity of bacon and cooking fat was cut. Then even the staples of bread and potatoes took a hit. It got so bad that the farmer-to-farmer produce exchanges in which Hilda partook no longer sufficed. By the spring '46, my illecit status had become a problem. I needed to get myself legit. Needed to get myself a ration book.

The long postponed moment of offering myself to the grinding cogs of British bureaucracy had finally arrived, and I could only hope I wouldn't be ground into dust. Hilda looked nervous as we took the train down to Cambridge together that grey April morning. Pensive, reflective. My own stomach was meanwhile tied into multiple reef knots. Things had the potential to go terribly, tragically wrong for both of us.

Questions - oh yes, there were questions. Awkward ones. Insidious ones. Where were my camp release papers? My billet papers? Beyond my military tags, did I have any official documentation at all?

I'd made the mistake of leaving my papers on the kitchen table one day, I told the succession of grey-faced civil servants towards whose desks I found myself ushered. Via a chair which hadn't been correctly pushed back under, Sammy the Yorkshire terrier had managed to climb on up, gorge his little stomach. He wasn't the sort of dog to much worry about what he put in his mouth was actually edible or not.

Any foreigner forced to cover up a wrongdoing before British authorites is strongly encouraged to invent a similarly cute canine story. As long as some tongue-dangling, floppy-eared dog is involved in whatever excuse you make up, you're likely to get away it.

The British love of animals wasn't the only thing which worked to my advantage that day in Cambridge Town Hall however. So many of the population had been lost beneath the rubble of war - not just servicemen but civilians too - that the labour force was still critically low. It simply wasn't in the national interest to place excessive bureaucratic obstacles before those many thousands of former prisoners of war, both Italian and German, who wished to remain. Then there was the sheer weight of numbers, the huge quantity of documentation to process. Human history had never before known such levels of mass migration, not just Europe but the whole of the world a dizzying criss-cross of returning soldiers, repatriated prisoners, displaced persons in search of new starts. One Italian POW missing a few documents was hardly cause to put everything else on hold whilst the matter was thoroughly investigated.

And thus within a few days of our outing to Cambridge, Bob the postman arrived at the front gate with two government missives. The first was my Indefinite Leave to Remain certificate; the second, my very own ration book.

Seeing the name Ettore Lo Bianco starkly printed there in black and white seemed a confirmation. My new identity had been validated. Rubber-stamped.

Vincenzo D'Ambra had become a phantom. A mere ghost who'd briefly shimmered across the Earth.

*

The period 1945 to 1949 was a blur. I shuffled through those years like a somnambulist treading across the landing floorboards. My mind and body became disjointed; like estranged spouses, took up residency in different hemispheres. Whilst I squeezed cattle teats, the wars of the ancient world raged through my head, each neatly labelled with respective dates, the names of victorious emperors, pharoahs, generals. As I mixed feed in the store, a faint internal voice would recite Hamlet's soliloquies, Keats' Ode to a Grecian Urn', the opening paragraph of A Tale of Two Cities. Over dinner, whatever questions or observations Hilda may have voiced were drowned by my much louder cerebral ruminations on Archimedes' Buoyancy Principle, on Kepler's Law, on Einstein's Theory of General Relativity.



Poor Hilda, yes. In many ways those years were more a sacrifice on her part than mine. So distracted was I that I must have seemed like a child lost in some imaginary world. She would often awake to find me asleep at the kitchen table, books spread out before me, Sammy asleep in my lap having seized the opportunity of a warmer, softer bed than the floor tiles. Once, she even found me with pencil still clenched in hand; whilst taking notes on the English Civil War from a library book on British hisory, tiredness appeared to have landed its knockout punch mid-sentence.

Strangely, the only respite from the endless physical and mental drudgery were my twice-weekly sessions with Mr Habergham. This was due partly to the fact our lessons took place at a quiet corner table of The White Horse, with refreshments both alcoholic and copious of nature. More than this though, the man was the finest teacher I would ever have the fortune to learn under, able as he was to lucidly summarise the most complex of concepts, wring humour from the driest of topics. Whilst his initial charge had been five shillings and two pints of milk per week, after I successfully passed the Higher School Certicate exam in July 1948, this became two pints of milk only. In effect, his tutoring for the Cambridge admission test became an act of charity.

I think by this stage even he was starting to believe that I might actually pull the damn thing off. Make that leap from prisoner of war with conversational level of English only and an equally limited academic background all the way to Cambridge undergraduate. Hurl myself by brute force over that gaping cultural and educational chasm. As such, maybe he had felt guilty about siphoning those five weekly shillings from my meagre income. If I passed the exam, was ushered through the gilt-sparkled portals of Cambridge, I would be needing every penny I could lay my hands on.

he Whilst I had never imagined tuition fees would be cheap, it came as a nasty shock in the months leading up to the exam to discover exactly how expensive. More than I earnt, in short. More than Hilda could possibly ever hope to pay me.

how The funding of my academic ambitions had always been a bridge I intended to cross if and when I came to it. In May 1949, after the jubilation of my admission test success subsided, it was span I was now finally forced to confront. A rickety, teetering one, as long as the Straight of Messina.

*

As I said before, postwar Britain was a realm of contradiction. Of unexpected developments. The reversal of the old order.

Other than the ever more parsimonious nature of food rationing, there was also Britain's reduced status in the world. Rather than cement its role of imperial superpower, the country's heroic wartime contribution had come at a huge economic and political cost. Cajoled by a rebellious Canada, the Commonwealth nations began to seek ever greater levels of autonomy. Then in 1947, of course, Mahatma Gandhi led India to full independence. Even after all these decades, the almost complete dissolution of its empire was a development which Britain, particularly in the sense of its perception of itself, has never quite fully digested.

Perhaps the biggest shock of all during that immediate postwar period, however, had arrived within two months of V.E Day. Winston Churchill, who over the previous five years had achieved demi-god status in the eyes of the British public, and whose forthrightly delivered radio speeches had inspired even I, an Italian, was ruthlessly ousted to make way for the Labour government of Clement Atlee. It is a fact which speaks volumes both of the sound level-headedness of the British public and of the healthy pass-the-baton nature of its political system. For most Italians, I suspect, it is difficult to imagine government as anything other than a ferocious idealogical tug-of-war, the country dragged first to one extreme then a matter of months later to the other. It is no coincidence that Britain is one of the few European countries to have never suffered widescale political extremism, neither fascism nor communism. Its people, quite simply, would never have allowed it.

Just as Churchill's steely defiance was exactly what the nation needed during those dark years of war, so an ambitious socialist agenda was exactly what it required in the immediate aftermath. Reconstruction, job creation, expanded educational provision and, of course, the Atlee government's greatest and most-defining achievement: the creation of the National Health Service.

It was in this optimistic postwar climate of renewal and social egalitarianism that Cambridge University introduced bursaries for students of disadvantaged economic backgrounds.

There was a catch however, and for my own personal situation a not indifferent one: in order to be considered for a bursary, applicants had to be British or Commonwealth citizens.

My choices were thus the following. Either I began my undergraduate studies right then in the autumn of '49 and racked up an unimaginable mountain of debt. Or alternatively I waited a further two years for my due period of citizenship naturalisation to finish.

This latter option represented more of a sacrifice than might be imagined. For one thing, I would have to sit the admission exam again with absolutely no guarantee of a second success. Even more importantly, if I waited until the autumn of '51 I would by the end of my second undergraduate year have already turned thirty. As forty, fifty and sixty, such landmarks seem more ominous, potentially more life-changing, as they approach on the horizon than after they've been and gone. At the time, I was worried that by waiting those two extra years my enthusiasm might wane. My academic momentum decelerate. That somehow my chance of achieving something great with my life, my borrowed identity, would have slipped into the ether.

After all the effort and sacrifice, all those long hours of study, my impatience and frustration were difficult to mask. For a period, I suppose you might say I just wasn't quite myself.

It was a golden evening in early-June that Hilda invited me to take a stroll with her after milking. I think even as we stepped out of the gate with the two dogs cavorting at our heels I could sense there was something in the air. Something reckless. Something inspired.

"While I was up in the village this morning," Hilda began, the soles of our shoes stroking the overgrown grass of a neighbouring paddock, "made a few calls. Government offices mainly, asking information. Upshot is, I found out that if you were to get married they'd have to take two years off your naturalisation period. You'd get your bursary, be able to start your studies this autumn."

She paused her step, twisted to face me. There was something in her expression I'd never glimpsed before - a sense of mischief, of devil-may-care. Her face illuminated by the low burnished sunlight, she'd never before looked quite so beautiful. Quite so stripped of all those other defining labels: war widow, bereaved mother, dairy farmer. For those few brief moments she became a woman, pure and simple. Nothing more.

"I'm just a country girl at heart," she smirked. "Still old-fashioned in so many ways. I'm not the one who's going to be getting down on one knee. That's your job Hector."



I'm





Chapter Thity-Two


Plot reminder: In order to gain a bursary for Cambridge University, Hilda has suggested to Vincenzo (Ettore) that they get married .

Plot reminder: In order to gain a bursary for Cambridge University, Hilda has suggested to Vincenzo (Ettore) that they get married ~~~~~

I married Hilda Frecklington on Saturday 16th of July, 1949, and thereby committed the crime of bigamy.

It was the simplest of civil ceremonies, the whole occasion even more muted and austere than my first wedding. Hilda wore a lilac dress she'd found in a sale somewhere for twelve shillings; I, a suit I'd borrowed from Mr Habergham's brother-in-law and which hung off me as unflatteringly as the items I'd slipped from that back garden clothes line in September '43. There were no flowers. No swirl of organ chords. Other than ourselves and the presiding public official, attendance was completed by the legal minimum of two witnesses: Mr Habergham and his good lady wife Iris. When the official asked if any of the assembled knew of any reason why Hilda and I should not be united in wedlock, the only sound was the deafening squeal of my own conscience.

Afterwards, I bought a round of drinks in a nearby pub. As was his wont, Mr Habergham then bought a second. And a third, along with a bag of pork scratchings.

After that, we all went home. There was the afternoon milking to attend to.

*

Though as Hilda's husband I would of course continue to live on the farm, my imminent undergraduate studies would necessitate my absence for large chunks of the daytime hours. At no little financial sacrifice, the decision was therefore made to take on a full-time hand.

His surname I can no longer recall; something long and unpronouncable and typically Polish. Jozef was his first name, this usually shortened to Joe. A nice chap, if a little serious in that way Slavic people often are; it took at least half at a bottle of vodka before you'd see him crack a smile. A former airman, he'd fled his Nazi-occupied homeland to pilot Spitfires in the Battle of Britain. With me he never spoke of his war experiences however, nor I of mine with him. This is something I've noted on various occasions throughout the decades, that none are more mute than two war veterans together. The heat of battles fought, the images and sensations therin, hang like a bees' nest between. Best not prodded or stirred.

Based at the nearby RAF Wittering throughout the war, he'd afterwards found work at a paper plant in Cambridge, this where he'd met his fiancee Rita. Having grown up on a grain farm in the wide Polish plains south of Gdansk, he'd found it difficult to adapt to the more claustrophobic environment of the factory and had been eager to return to the land. Passing through the village one day he'd made enquiries at The White Horse, the locals pointing him in the direction of Woodside Dairy.

We paid him forty shillings a week and granted him Sundays off to visit Rita. The rest of the week he was accommodated in the pantry which we'd purposely gutted out and which had been just big enough to fit a bunk, bedside cabinet and small chest of drawers. Though a stoical and uncomplaining type, the makeshift nature of his lodgings in a two-bedroomed farmhouse had at first confused him.

"If you and Hilda are married," he asked me as we scrubbed out the stalls one afternoon soon after his arrival, "why don't you sleep together as God intends a man and his wife?"

To Hilda and I, the situation was so ridiculously simple, so perfectly natural, it mystified us that hardly anyone other than ourselves seemed to understand. To say ours was a union of irresistible passion would be wrong, yes, but neither was it some cold, soulless marriage of convenience. Despite the twenty-two years between us there had always been a certain level of physical attraction, right from the very first day. That we had never acted on it was to not put at risk the more overridng facet of our bond - that of our friendship, our mutual respect and affection. Rather than tear apart this unspoken contract, our marriage served to strengthen it.



I would share Hilda's bed just once, on the night of our marriage. As my knee-bent proposal that golden June evening had acted out the theatrics of tradition, so too we played our expected roles on our wedding night.

I remember in the breathless aftermath of our consummation the way her eyes had fixed mine, seemed to peer inside my very soul, try to ascertain its colour and shape and texture.

"Who are you Ettore Lo Bianco?" she'd whispered. "Who are you really?"

*

It was a bright Tuesday morning the following October that I began my undergraduate studies. To mark the occasion, Hilda and Joe both pedalled down to the village railway station with me as if in honourary escort. As a churning white billow of steam further down the track heralded the approach of the Cambridge-bound train, Hilda had handed me a small parcel tied with a bow. A stainless steel fountain pen, I would discover as the train pulled away a few moments later - an object of great beauty and, I can only imagine, of no little cost. One I've carried with me throughout the decades, and which glints its nostalgic wink at me every time I open the stationary drawer of my bureau.

"Stay with us," Hilda had whispered as she'd pressed the gift into my hands. "Among us normal folk, with your feet on the ground."

I gave her my oath, and even amidst the exalted company with which I would mix, the intellectual cream of Britain and its Commonwealth, it was one I like to think I kept.

That I was different to the vast majority of my fellow students was an unavoidable and self evident fact. Different not just because of my nationality or age or even economic background, but because of that much more unbreachable barrier of life experience. They the sons and daughters of physicians, lawyers, captains of industry. Fresh-faced kids for the first time set free from the cloistered micro-realms of their public or grammar schools, eager to learn about life just as much as they were the history of art. And then on the other side me, a former soldier, prisoner of war and still a part-time dairy farmer. So no, although I was open and friendly, and would often accept invitations of a quick post-lecture pint, it was difficult to forge a profound or lasting bond with anyone. Whilst they I could only imagine spent many of their evenings in the pursuit of inebriation and flirtation and general all-round hedonism, I would be back at the farm helping Hilda and Joe with whatever needed doing, then after that I'd hit the books at the same wobbly-legged bedroom desk where a decade or more earlier Ronnie Frecklington had occupied himself with his school homework. My marks were as good as anyone's, my awe just as profound at the development of human artistic endeavour from cave paintings through to the intricate creations of the ancient world and on then to the aesthetic explosion of the rennaissance and beyond.

Though by this time a master in the art, I hadn't decided to study at Cambridge University to feign at being someone I wasn't. I was there to learn and to know and to strive. To feel my soul animated in wonder.

*

New Year's Eve 1949 in The White Horse was a raucous, beer-swilling affair. What was arguably the darkest decade in human history was finally drawing to a close, and the sense of relief was almost tangible. So too the general air of optimism about what the following years might bring. An end to rationing. The rubble of war finally cleared, the wounds beginning to heal. As a landmark, it was an evening which was in many ways even more significant than V.E Day.

On a personal level it seemed clear even at the time that the 40s would forever remain the defining decade of my life. In 1940 my name had been Vincenzo D'Ambra and I was unsure of who I was. As the drunken refrains of Auld Lang Syne heralded the arrival of 1950, my identity had never been more certain.

The celebratory mood, I'd noticed, wasn't one which Hilda had wholeheartedly entered into. She seemed distant that night somehow. Troubled.

I'd put it down to the stares of some of the locals - one or two of the women, particularly. Flicked glares as sharp as barbs communicating their small-minded disapproval of her marriage to a man the same age as her son would have been. To boot, a sly wop who'd fought alongside the Nazis.

And yes, I'm sure she had registered these stares. But as I would find out over New Year's Day lunch, this hadn't been the reason for her distraction.

"Hector, I've got something to tell you," she began as I scraped the final spoonful of rice pudding and jam from dessert bowl. Her tone solemn, ominously so, my spoon paused midway in its journey to my mouth. "Something I've been wanting to tell you for months," she continued. Her eyes seemed unable to meet mine, flitted down to lace tablecloth. "There was your admission test and I didn't want to distract you. Then I didn't tell you before we wed because I didn't want you to marry me out of pity. Then you started your studies and I again didn't want to distract you. Then it was Christmas and I didn't want to ruin-"

"Whatever it is Hilda," I interrupted, "please just tell me." My spoon had clanked back into bowl, my hand now reaching across the table for hers.

She finally looked up at me, eyes welled with tears. "I've got a..." There was a deep intake of breath, the remainder of the sentence riding the sad, stuttering exhale. "A brain tumour."

I remember slumping back in my chair, eyes angled at the ceiling, the hairline crack which ran across its width. Half listening to the bleak details of it all - her covert visits to Addenbrooke's hospital as I was about my studies, the two different x-rays which had been taken. Half reflecting on how I should have read the signs - her general drowsiness and lack of energy; the more or less constant winces as if suffering from the most terrible of headaches; the two or three occasions I'd heard her vomiting in the bathroom and which she'd told me was just some stomach thing. Just something she'd eaten. Cursing myself for my own self obsession, the way I'd been so wrapped up in my own problems to consider that my wife, my best friend, might have her own much, much graver battles to fight.

"They say it's as big as the stone of plum," she continued. "Say I'm probably not going to make it to next Christmas."

In my status as war survivor and now Cambridge undergraduate I'd fooled myself into believing I understood something of the world. On that black New Year's Day of 1950, however, I realised I understood nothing at all.





Chapter Thirty-Three


Plot reminder: On New Year's Day 1950 Vincenzo (Ettore) learns that Hilda has a brain tumour . Joe, who is mentioned in the final section of this chapter, is the Polish farm hand who has been employed at Woodside Dairy .

Plot reminder: On New Year's Day 1950 Vincenzo (Ettore) learns that Hilda has a brain tumour Joe, who is mentioned in the final section of this chapter, is the Polish farm hand who has been employed at Woodside Dairy ~~~~~

My passport arrived the following March along with Hilda's, for both of us our first. She had never even left East Anglia before, she told me. Our trip to France that Easter must have seemed like travelling to the very ends of the Earth.

Whilst true that much of Europe still resembled some post-apocalyptic wasteland, nowhere were the horrors of recent history more evident than in the war cemeteries of Normandy. The remains of Ronald Peter Frecklington, along with those of almost five thousand other men who had fallen at Sword Beach, lie at a site near the town of Bayeaux. Though at Tobruk I had side-stepped countless strewn corpses, witnessed first hand the battlefield clear-up operations - the bodies tossed like refuse bags onto the backs of lorries, precarious limp-limbed mounds of humanity - nothing had ever brought home to me the full devastating scale of the war than stepping through the gates of that cemetery.

Dear Christ, those endless rows of clean white graves...

Perhaps it was their sheer neatness which struck me most, so removed from the dirt and disorder of battle. The chaos sanitised so that the human mind might begin to comprehend it, the horror catalogued and numbered and put in alphabetical order. A library of war, all muted whispers and the soft curious tread of feet amongst the rows.

When we found Ronnie's grave, I slipped my hand from Hilda's, stooped myself down for a moment.

"Sorry you didn't make it my friend," I whispered, tapping the top of the stone. "So very, very sorry." I felt my eyes begin to well, my words intended in a general sense - not just for Ronnie but for all the fallen. That place, it seemed to transcend nationality. It wasn't for their motherland that those young men had jumped from the landing craft, thrown themselves blindly into the waiting swarm of Nazi bullets, but for all of us. Every last man, woman and child.

Rising back to my feet, I brushed a comforting hand down Hilda's arm. Stepped away then, left her alone to weep her maternal goodbyes.

*

There is no unit of measurement for love. No centimetres of love. No kilos, watts, decibels. Love is absolute, as incalculable as the universe. It is a pure brilliant white, never some sub-shade of grey. You cannot love one person less or more than another. You either love them, or you don't.

My love for Hilda Frecklington wasn't inferior to my love for Irene Brennan. I loved both women equally and profoundly, felt them in my very bones. No, the difference in my relationships with the two wasn't a question of quantity of love, rather the nature of it. As previously described, Irene was the crash of a rogue wave breaching the hull of a trawler. Hilda, by contrast, felt more like the slow unravelling of dawn on the distant horizon. Whilst Irene was the fiery blast of an opened furnace door, Hilda offered the cosy warmth of a winter log fire. If I loved Irene like a bird the sky, then I loved Hilda like a dog loves everything grounded and familiar. Everything that represents home.

quantity Her passing the following September was a moment of great emotional ambiguity. On the one hand, there was an enormous sense of relief that her suffering was now at an end. No more those unbearable grinding headaches. No more that shaky extended hand searching for the wall, the doorframe, my shoulder, anything at all to keep her steady as she shuffled once more to the toilet just minutes after the last time. No more would I have to witness that grey, barely recognisable figure there in the hospital bed, ever more withered with each visit, a fallen summer fruit disintegrating into October. No more the grunts, the groans, the undignified croaks of the prematurely aged.

Then on the other hand there was the anger, the simmering sense of injustice. Oh, who knew how things would have panned out had she lived her allotted three score and ten. Whether I in my late-forties would still have been able to justify celibate cohabitation with a seventy-year-old. Yet even so, I was unable to estinguish that burning flame of ire in my heart. All those years which had been stolen from us. The meandering country walks with the dogs playing at our heels. The Christmases, the Sunday lunches, the ha'penny stake games of cribbage. The less strenous life my studies would have afforded her. The books she would finally have had the time to read, the places we would have visited together, the adventures shared.

Mostly though, what I felt was a debilitating sense of loss. Even now, fifty-seven years later, it's a grief which has never quite lifted. Still hovers like the shadow of a cloud over my days.

*

Much as her life, Hilda's funeral was a sad, sober affair. That the assembled mourners numbered barely a score reflected much more the social isolation that came with being a farmer's wife than it did Hilda's character. Though few, those of us present in the crematorium that grey September day knew the splendour of the soul we were bidding our farewells to. We'd been inspired by her humility, stoicism and loyalty. The words I offered at the lectern were spoken not just on my own behalf, but I liked to believe also on behalf of Ronnie, her first husband John, everyone whose life had in some way been touched by hers. I don't think there was a dry eye in the house.

There was cousin who'd made the trip over from Suffolk - Hilda's only remaining family, a bank manager's wife who she'd mentioned a couple of times in passing, and never particularly glowingly. As the post-funeral sherry and sandwiches neared their end, it was I alone who the solicitor ushered to one side however.

"Everything, Hector," he said simply. "It's all yours, right down to the last nail."

In 1950, I would soon learn, a British woman could not legally leave her estate to a foreign national unless married to him. I would also learn that her tumour had first been diagnosed in May of the previous year. I have no doubt therefore that as she'd coyly smiled at me out in the neighbouring fields that golden June evening, said that she wasn't the one who was going to get down on one knee, the matter of her last will and testament had been chief among her machinations.

she *

Being the owner of a cattle farm carried with it the sort of responsibilities which can prematurely grey and wrinkle a man, and thus one night not long after the funeral - the pair of us armed with a bottle of vodka to help lubricate mental faculties - Joe and I sat down and worked out a plan by which the deeds could be signed over to him. Chief among the stipulations, of course, was a bargain sale price. That this in fact was little more than half of what I might have received had I held out for another buyer to come along was of peripheral concern. Mine is not the cold ruthless heart of a businessman, and it seemed only right that Joe - a war hero and a man who in those final months of Hilda's life had kept the place going almost single-handedly, worked himself into the ground - should share in my good fortune. Within two months he had wed his girl Rita; within a year, had become a father. I'm sure it would have gladdened Hilda's heart to have heard Woodside Dairy once more echo with the cries of a baby. To have felt the glow of a young and loving family again warm the winter cold.

I would meanwhile rent a flat along Trinity Street in Cambridge for the remainder of my undergraduate years, throw myself into my studies with a renewed vigour and sense of mission. It was no longer only Ettore Lo Bianco I wished to do honour to, but Hilda Frecklington too.

Though undeniably the proudest day of my life, my graduation ceremony in June 1953 was also on many levels one of the saddest. Whilst the sea of applauding faces beneath the stage as the dean handed me my degree roll included Joe and Rita, Mr and Mrs Habergham, as well as a couple of other regulers from the White Horse, and whilst I was eternally grateful to each of them for their presence and support, my mind couldn't help but linger on the faces which were missing. Hilda of course. Ettore. Mostly though, I pictured my mother and my father. My sisters Rosalba, Lidia and Erica. And oh Christ, my little brother Salvatore too. He'd just been a kid of twelve the last time I saw him; invisibly, surreptitiously, would by then have grown into a strapping young man of twenty-four.

Never as on that day have I missed my family so much. Never as on that day I have I questioned the decisions I took. The choices made, the sacrifices suffered.





Chapter Thirty-Four




And here my story comes to some sort of an end I suppose, the proceeding half a century a mere footnote to those tragic and tumultuous years of the war and its immediate aftermath.



After Cambridge, I spent two years in London studying for a Master's in Fine Art Conservation. My flat was above a butcher's shop just five minutes from St Paul's. The war had been over for ten years by then but there were still entire streets which were just mounds of rubble. The whole of the East End, people told me, had been flattened like a trodden ants' nest. Though I've spent much of my life touching up and reanimating religious art, I've never been a church-going type myself. I sometimes wonder though if Wren's cathedral survived that hailstorm of Nazi bombs due to an act of divine intervention. It seems the only logical conclusion.

Following my Master's, I worked for a few years for the National Trust. As you might imagine, the post-war period was a boom time in my line of work. Numerous were the public galleries and museums and listed buildings which had taken a hit, or else been shaken and dishevelled by one close by. Numerous the works of art which needed saving, Numerous too, sadly, those which despite our best efforts were just plain unrescuable.

It was '59 when I packed up my things and got on a flight bound for Milan. By that point I'd spent seventeen years of my life in England, only one less than I'd spent in Punto San Giacomo, and I suppose the call of my homeland - so admirably dragging itself back to its feet post-conflict - was a strong one. That is without of course considering professional motivations: it isn't perhaps too much of exaggeration to claim that there are as many artistic gems in need of care and protection here in Italy as in the rest of Europe combined.

A return to Puglia was not of course an option; hadn't been one since that day in September '43 I'd stepped out from treeline and announced to the smirking auburn-haired figure waiting for me amongst the cows that my name was Ettore Lo Bianco. For my own protection, my movements, any life I wished to carve out for myself, would have to be confined to the north of the country.

Even then I was to receive a shock, just my third day back in the country, a Sunday. I was sipping a cappuccino outside a bar along Corso Venezia when a passing voice suddenly called out in exclamation.

"Vincenzo!"

It took a moment to even register that the person was addressing himself to me, sixteen years having by then passed since anyone had called me by that name. Enough time for my reflexes to have dulled. To have almost forgotten that Vincenzo was indeed my name, the one my parents had chosen for me.

was Looking up, I saw a smartly dressed man two or three years younger than myself, a little girl of six or seven holding onto his hand. Gazing up into his face, the decades seemed to peel away. Though I couldn't remember his first name, I recognised him as the younger brother of Rocco Palumbo, a boyhood friend from Punto San Giacomo. Like many southern-born men in the post-war economic boom, he'd evidently settled in the north.

"Vincenzo D'Ambra, that you? But I thought---"

"I'm sorry," I replied in English, "but I don't speak Italian." As a lie it was a somewhat ill-conceived one, I immediately realised - there on the table beneath me was the local classified paper opened out to the flats for rent section, my red pen having circled several of the more interesting ads.

Palumbo at first frowned, his lips then stretching into that slowly dawning smile of someone believing that their leg is being pulled.

"Ah come on Vincenzo. Stop playing with me would you? I know it's you."

All I could do was keep repeating that I didn't understand Italian. That he must be getting me confused with someone. That my name was Peter and that I was from London.

By this time several heads had turned in our direction from neighbouring tables; elsewhere, passers-by were slowing their steps to gawp. Sensing perhaps that her father seemed to be making a public spectacle of himself, Palumbo's daugher began to forcibly tug at his hand.

" Papa , the ice-cream. You promised me ice-cream."

Papa I'll never forget that expression on his face as he stepped away, his confusion curdling to scowled disgust.

"What's the matter with you D'Ambra? Us folk from Punto San Giacomo not good enough for you any more?"

They're words I've carried in my heart through all these decades like sharp little stones trapped inside a shoe.

*

Within an hour I was on a train, got myself the hell out of Milan. Given my qualifications and experience, I didn't imagine I would have much difficulty finding a suitable job in some other northerm city, and so it proved. A few weeks later I found myself the newly appointed head of art restoration for the region of Veneto, and here in Verona I've remained ever since. There have been no more incidents like my encounter with Rocco Palumbo's brother that day in Milan, but even as I have greyed and drooped and withered, the ageing process making it ever less probable that someone might recognise me - that some obdurate ghost step from my old life into the new - not a single second of my life has passed free from the shadows. Not a single breath escaped my lips that wasn't snatched or stuttered.

As for women, yes, there have been a few. No-one who has stolen my heart like Irene Brennan or Hilda Frecklington both did, and as I always suspected no woman ever again would. Intimacy was something I always feared, I suppose. That I might allow someone to get too close, enough so to rip off this fragile mask I wear.

The nearest I again came to true love was a history teacher at the local Classical Lyceum by the name of Mariella. Had we met twenty years earlier than we did who knows how things might have been different. We were both in our fifties however, too old and settled in our ways for the idea of cohabitation to appeal. I would call round to hers on Saturday evenings, share first her table and then her bed. We went on holidays together - European art capitals, leaf-kicking autumn weekends in the mountains. If ever one of us needed, felt the weight of solitude begin to press, the other would be there. When she passed away five years ago it was the first time I had cried since Hilda Frecklington's funeral. At eighty-six years old, I guess romance is done with me now.

It's a clichè to say it I know, but then something doesn't become a clichè unless imbued by the chime of truth. All these years, they have flown by, each ever faster than the previous. At the speed of sound, I am now hurtling towards my death.

That's the thing about life. Just as you begin to work it out, suddenly it ends.

This is the end of part three. In part four, which consists of five final chapters, the narrative voice returns to Mary. As well as unveiling the novel's central mystery, this short, ultimate section will also tie up the story's various subplots. If you enjoyed part three, and appreciate the historical research which went into it, it would put an enormous smile on this amateur writer's face if you could give me the Wattpad thumbs up of a vote (the star symbol). Even more gratefully appreciated would a brief comment of feedback/constructive criticism via the speech bubble symbol.

This is the end of part three. In part four, which consists of five final chapters, the narrative voice returns to Mary. As well as unveiling the novel's central mystery, this short, ultimate section will also tie up the story's various subplots. If you enjoyed part three, and appreciate the historical research which went into it, it would put an enormous smile on this amateur writer's face if you could give me the Wattpad thumbs up of a vote (the star symbol). Even more gratefully appreciated would a brief comment of feedback/constructive criticism via the speech bubble symbol. This is the end of part three. In part four, which consists of five final chapters, the narrative voice returns to Mary. As well as unveiling the novel's central mystery, this short, ultimate section will also tie up the story's various subplots. If you enjoyed part three, and appreciate the historical research which went into it, it would put an enormous smile on this amateur writer's face if you could give me the Wattpad thumbs up of a vote (the star symbol). Even more gratefully appreciated would a brief comment of feedback/constructive criticism via the speech bubble symbol. Thanks so much everyone for your support.

Thanks so much everyone for your support. Thanks so much everyone for your support.





Chapter Thirty-Five




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Image: The Arena in Verona

Image: The Arena in Verona ~~~~~

~~~~~ Plot reminder: The narrative voice now returns to Mary. She and Lucio are in the northern Italian city of Verona after having traced the man they had believed was Ettore Lo Bianco.

Plot reminder: The narrative voice now returns to Mary. She and Lucio are in the northern Italian city of Verona after having traced the man they had believed was Ettore Lo Bianco. ~~~~

It was late afternoon by the time my father finished his story. We'd paused for some moments halfway through, just long enough to whip up a round of panini and coffees, but other than this the passing hours had been filled by the endless procession of his words. His eyes had occasionally flitted upwards to the vaulted ceiling beams, the sunlit cityscape outside the top floor window. Formulating the next sentence in his mind, searching some elusive detail. Towards the end his voice had become little more than a fragile croak, enough so to cause Lucio and I to strain our ears a little. Once finished, he sunk heavily back into his armchair, closed his eyelids for some moments, exhaled long and slow. There was a nod, as if satisfied with himself, his duty done. The story had been told; it was up to Lucio and I to make of it what we would.

panini "What shall we call you?" asked Lucio.

At this, the eyelids creaked themselves back open. It was difficult to discern if the question had intrigued or else confused him.

"Vincenzo or Ettore?" Lucio clarified.

My father's eyes swivelled slowly towards the window. "Out there, Ettore. You must call me only Ettore." His gaze then swept over the cluttered interior of the room. "Inside these four walls, where nobody else can hear... Well, if it would give you pleasure then yes, you could call me Vincenzo."

"But would it give you pleasure?" Lucio pressed.

you He seemed to reflect on this for a moment, like someone deciding between restaurant desserts: tiramisu or death by chocolate?

"Yes," he replied eventually, left corner of lips twitching into a smile. "Yes, I think it would."

Lucio then hauled himself from the Chesterfield beside me, offered me a hand that I might do the same. "Well Vincenzo, I think it's for the best if Mary and I leave you alone for a while. All those words, all those difficult memories. You must be exhausted." He turned a questioning glance towards me. "Perhaps we could return a little later, the three of us go out for dinner somewhere..."

I could feel my father's eyes also turn in my direction; could feel them on me intensely, keenly, like the burn of the midday sun.

"If Mary would like that..."

But I had turned, was stepping wordlessly away to the hall.

*

Wordless I would remain as the lift clanked and juddered Lucio and I back to ground level. Our exit from entance hall and out into the ferocious heat of the Verona afternoon was conducted in a similar silence, the south-flowing river beneath us as we stepped over the bridge blinding in the sun. My pace was skittish, unnecessarily hurried, Lucio struggling to keep up.



"What is it Mary?" I heard him call out behind me. "What are you thinking?"

Pausing my step, I turned him a scowl like some petulant teenager. "That not only did my father steal another man's identity but that he's also a bigamist. That he's a criminal and a shameless opportunist. That's what I'm thinking."

The words surprised me, their venom and their ferocity. Like it wasn't me who had spoken them but some intangible third presence with us there on that bridge. A phantom, some spiky-formed intruder from another dimension.

"In a strictly legal sense, yes, you're right." Lucio wafted placating hands before him, that gesture Italians make when trying to get another to reason, see the other side of things. "But dear Christ, the man had his motivations, don't you think?"

Anybody else - anyone other in the world at all - I wouldn't have much cared about their opinion on the matter. As I'm sure my teaching staff would testify, anyone else who knew me, I wasn't the sort of woman to allow my own ideas to be bent and buckled by those of others. Yet on that tumultuous June afternoon, Lucio's take on things seemed to matter somehow. A GP's referral to a specialist, a second opinion. Mine was a mute subordination to the added wisdom and insight he would provide.

Thus it was that I offered no protest as he ushered me towards a vacant bench on the other side of the bridge, one blessed by the shade of a neighbouring tree. There facing back across the river, the thrusting magnificent backdrop of the Alps to our right, I kept my mouth closed and listened.

"I can understand your anger Mary, I can. The confusion you must feel, the disappointment. The whole... ambiguity of it all. After so many years of knowing nothing of the man, then these last days thinking he'd been murdered. So many shocks, so much to comprehend in so short a time. Your heart, it's been pushed and pulled and pinched." He thrust out an upturned palm, slowly tightened it into a fist. "Squeezed like clay between fingers."

ambiguity All of which was of course true. Not since puberty had my emotions undergone such an intense stirring, experienced such radical, life-changing agitation.

"But I just think the angle's wrong." He shifted his body position, gazed at me squarely. "The one you're viewing things from, it's the angle of someone who grew up in nice house. Someone who faced no obstacles to her education. Who is from a country which is...." A hand gestured in frustration as he sought the correct adjective, eyes flitting briefly off towards the mountains. "Well, more liberal , I suppose. Secular."

liberal He turned back to me. "You've been there Mary. The harbourside . Seen it for yourself. Just close your eyes for a moment, try to picture it." I looked at him questioningly, wondering whether he was serious, whether I was really supposed to close my eyelids or not. In response to his encouraging nod, I was left with little option other than to oblige. "Imagine it not as it is today but as it must have been in the 1940s. Those dark, crowded alleys. The constant voices, children running, parents arguing. Never a moment's peace. Never a little space just for oneself." The image which projected itself onto the back of my eyelids was a distinctly unglamorous one, yes. Heartbreaking even. " That was what was waiting for him. His nights spent out at sea, bounced along by the waves. Then back at dawn to the hovel of his home. To a loveless marraige..." I reopened eyes, the gaze which awaited me an earnest and unwavering one. "Here in Italy, it seems we're always behind everyone else. Decades behind, even centuries sometimes. Divorce wasn't legalised until 1970. Until after man had set foot on the moon!" He scoffed, head shaking as if incredulous of his own words. "Before then, the word wasn't even part of most people's vocabulary. Not in the south of Italy. Not in Punto San Giacomo."

harbourside That I peeled my gaze away, back across the river, my vision momentarily obstructed by a wandering tourist, camera dangling from neck. Once passed, I sought the living room window of my father's flat, wondered if he might be watching behind the sun-glazed rectangle of glass, have followed our progress across the bridge.

"What you must understand Mary is that on that September night - that black, terrible September night - it wasn't just camp 106a from which he escaped."

*

They were words which followed me all the way back my hotel room; lay restlessly with me on my bed for a while; drizzled down upon me along with the water from the en suite shower.

Not just camp 106a .

Not just camp 106a No, I realised, Lucio was right. My father had breached those much sturdier and more snagging confines of his upbringing. The society into which he'd been born. His own expectations of himself.

None of it had been planned, after all. There he had found himself on the other side of the wire with Ettore Lo Bianco's ID tags around his neck. There on that June afternoon several years later left to contemplate Hilda Frecklington's suggestion that they get married - a union which in many ways had been as advantageous for herself as for he. What on the one hand might be deemed opportunism might on the other be viewed as resourcefulness.

Still I had my misgivings though, deep, insiduous doubts. Still I wasn't sure what my own role in the tale should be. Whether I was supposed to forgive. Overlook. Dutifully accept.

Step along the hotel corridor I finally did however, perfumed and mascsra'd, rap a knuckle to Lucio's door.

"Let's go to dinner," I announced.

"The three of us?" he enquired.

I nodded. "The three of us."

Though my father had earlier that day answered so many questions - some of which I hadn't even known were ever posed - there was of course one which remained as yet elusive, unclarified.

Who were they exactly, those murderous souls laying in ambush beyond the wire that late-summer night?





Chapter Thirty-Six


Plot reminder: After initial misgivings over her father's crimes, Mary agrees to accept his invitation that she, he and Lucio have dinner together. She is eager to discover if he can help shine a light on the possible identities of Ettore Lo Bianco's murderers.

This chapter references several of the details described in parts one and two of the novel: Vincenzo's teenage bride Ada, his brother Salvatore, the anonymous letter Mary wrote to Inspector Kubič .

Plot reminder: After initial misgivings over her father's crimes, Mary agrees to accept his invitation that she, he and Lucio have dinner together. She is eager to discover if he can help shine a light on the possible identities of Ettore Lo Bianco's murderers.

This chapter references several of the details described in parts one and two of the novel: Vincenzo's teenage bride Ada, his brother Salvatore, the anonymous letter Mary wrote to Inspector Kubič ~~~~~

My father's delight upon our return was evident, the face revealed behind the front door illuminated by the kind of wide, spontaneous smile it was hard not to be touched by. He took us to his local trattoria , a rustic and lighthearted place where the wine flowed freely and the background chatter was peppered with laughter. Having no means of comparison, I can't vouch for his claim that the bollito misto - a local speciality of boiled meats - was the best in the whole of Verona, but I certainly wouldn't have been surprised.

trattoria bollito misto As the previous evening, we found it difficult to take our eyes of each other, both of us registering previously unnoted details. In my case, these included the small patch on the right corner of his chin bald of grey stubble and the way the top of his ears veered slightly outwards, the overhead table light washing them with a pinkish glow. As he reached for his wine glass the cuff of his shirt slid an inch or so back along forearm, enough to reveal the white jagged line of some ancient scar over wrist bone. A wound inflicted by the perimeter barb of camp 106a, I wondered?

We told him everything, all we knew, his gaze saddening at the news that his three sisters, as well as Ada, had all passed away. It lightened again as we informed him of the second chance the widowed boat builder had provided Ada, the young family she'd inherited; positively glowed at the news his brother Salvatore was still alive and in good health, and that he lived with his wife in the old family home in the harbourside.

His eyes momentarily moistened then, turned from mine to Lucio's and back again. "All those people, others besides, I swear to you, there hasn't been a single day that they haven't passed through my thoughts. That their absence hasn't shadowed my heart."

I found myself reaching my hand across the table, gave his a gentle squeeze. A gesture which surprised myself as much as he. Instinctive, without premeditation.

His lips twitched into an appreciative smile, the gaze directed into my own a steady, unwilting one. Drinking me all in.

"You know, when I look at at you Mary it's like the decades melt away. Like it's 1943 all over again. That Irene is once more before me."

I gave his hand another squeeze. "She said something similar."

"Her life. After I had to flee from her.... Was it a happy one?" There followed a shake of his head as he rephrased himself. "Happier, at least, than the one she'd lead before?"

"Yes," I replied. "Yes, I think it was."

I went onto recount how she'd first met Stanley Harvey in '42, had written him weekly letters throughout the rest of the war. The shrapnel wound he'd suffered, his heroic knee-bent proposal on VE Day. The two children they would go on to rear, the long and contented marraige they shared.

"I need to know father," I then pressed. "If there's any chance - any chance at all - that Irene's passing might in some way have been connected to the events of that night in September 1943." I hunched myself forward towards him across the table, lowered my voice to melt in with the momentary lull in background conversation. "Sergeant Reynolds. Was he amongst the men waiting beyond the wire?"

The suggestion seemed to surprise him. "Reynolds? No, no, he wasn't with them. I remember as I lay there stomach down in tne mud listening to the repeated thrust of the spade through the soil, the breeze carried the sound of his voice from the guard house. He and the other officer on duty singing away, as drunk as lords."



He narrowed his eyelids slightly, the look of a man replaying things over in his mind in the light of new informatiom. For the first time glimpsing the solution an ancient enigma.

"For all these decades it has seemed the most impenetrable of mysteries. But think I know now. Yes, I think I know what happened."

*

That night would prove a sleepless one, my mind rattling and squeaking like the return of fellow hotel guests along the corridor outside my room, theirs a seemingly endless succession of clanking heels and fumbled keys. The scenario which my father had painted was a dimly flickering projection against the canvas of my mind, a film reel played on a continuous loop, each re-run ending in the same disquieting conclusion: the hypothesis was a credible one, the most logical interpretation of known facts. It seemed I may have been right all along, my original gut instinct validated: my mother hadn't passed peacefully in her sleep, but was instead the victim of a clinical and premeditated murder. An abhorrent crime committed in the hope that an equally abhorrent crime of sixty-four years earlier would remain unsolved - indeed unsolvable - its perpetrators be saved from posthumous shame.

My only course of action was to root from my shoulderbag the same lilac-coloured writing pad I'd bought in Ravensby five days earlier, pull up a chair at the side of the chest of drawers and, back angled diagonally, pain-inducingly, once more press ballpoint towards paper.

Dear Inspector Kubič...

Dear Inspector Kubič... As the first letter, the second too would carry no signature, though now the main motivating factor for retaining my anonymity had of course changed. My primary concern was no longer maintaining the promise I had made to Irene that my half-sister and brother should never come to know of my existence, but that of protecting my father, ensuring that no subsequent investigative trails would lead to him, to the varied legal perplexities his uncovering would provoke. For the same reason, the letter would not be posted there in Verona, but from some random godforsaken place in the vicinity of the A1 or M25 during my journey home from Stanstead the following day. Similarly, my wording was a little vague, peppered with expressions such as 'I have learnt that...' and 'It has come to my knowledge that...', my sources hidden behind a nebulous veil.

In fact, for the entirety of the three-page missive which would flow from pen nib, only two names would be specified.

The first, that of one of the figures who had lurked in murderous ambush beyond the wire that blood-soaked night of September 1943.

The second, that of the man who had splashed a vial of poison into Irene's afternoon cup of tea.

*

I'm not sure what time it was I finally gave up on the idea of sleep, found myself opening up the minibar fridge. All I know is those periodic echoing footsteps along the corridor had by then ceased. Silence had also befallen the street outside - no more half drunken home-returning voices, the invasive rasp of scooters. The calming blur of the Bardolino wine we'd quaffed over dinner, the post-dessert limoncello - yes, that had passed too

limoncello Extracting a mini bottle of white wine from the illuminated selection of alcohol before me, I splashed contents into a plastic cup and, perched on the edge of my bed, glugged it all down. Two full glasses' worth swigged as thirstily as water on the most sweltering of summer's days. A hearty gulp of Dutch courage.

Allowing the alcohol a few moments to take effect, I stepped into the en suite, straightened out the worst excesses of my pillow-squished hair. My reflection then took a deep, slow breath, nodded back at me encouragingly.

I'd spent too long that night contemplating the shadows, the blackest depths of human nature. I needed to step back into the light, into the comforting warmth of goodness.

Before any voice of doubt had chance to even clear its throat, I was already out of the door. Had padded along the corridor. Was rapping knuckles to Lucio's door...

They still remain so vivid in my memory, those heart-thudding moments staring at the wood grain in the dim lighting. Those endless make-or-break seconds of suspense. Wondering. Hoping. Imagining. Praying.

So many seconds, enough so for my heart to sink, my shoulders slowly swivel back along the corridor...

It was then, just as I was taking a first step away, that finally, blessedly, the door swung backwards. The revealed face was at first startled, then upon registering my identity became in an instant so selflessly and adorably concerned.

"What's the matter Mary? Shall I call reception? Don't you fe-?"

"I need someone to hold me," I interrupted.

But that wasn't quite right I realised with a shake of the head.

"No, I need you to hold me Lucio," I corrected.

you





Chapter Thirty-Seven




Plot reminder: Over dinner Mary's father works out the possible identity of one of the men who had waited in murderous ambush for Ettore Lo Bianco, a name which in turn leads her to conclude the identity of Irene's murderer. After composing another anonymous letter to Inspector Kubič she summons the courage to knock on the door of Lucio's hotel room ...



Plot reminder: Over dinner Mary's father works out the possible identity of one of the men who had waited in murderous ambush for Ettore Lo Bianco, a name which in turn leads her to conclude the identity of Irene's murderer. After composing another anonymous letter to Inspector Kubič she summons the courage to knock on the door of Lucio's hotel room ~~~~~

We awoke several hours later to a bright and auspicious dawn, kissed each other from our slumbers. Giggled like teenagers as Lucio craned his neck out of the door, with a rolling hand gesture indicated that the coast was clear and that I could dash back along the corridor in my nightie without suffering public ignominy.

Breakfast was a blissful affair, our mutual gazes incredulous, almost inebriated, our juice glasses and coffee cups and spreading knives wielded awkwardly in one hand, the other stretched out across the table, our fingers entwined. This I thought. All those songs and poems, all those sprawling Victorian novels with their obstinate and courageous heroines, the Catherine Lintons and Tesses and Jane Eyres... This was what they were about - that skipping unprececented floatiness of my heart. The night just passed, it seemed in its giddy tumble and roll to have regaled me some breathtaking new sense of perception. A colour-blind person slipping on corrective glasses, for the first time experiencing the true vivid depth of the world which surrounded them.

This This That kind, bookish man there across the table, I had to hand it to him. Quite some trick he'd managed to pull off.

Finally, regretfully, he unlinked fingers from mine, checked his watch.

"Come Mary," he murmured sadly. "You'll miss your plane."

*

The flight was over in a finger-click, two hours reduced to a second, one of those temporal mind tricks provoked by deep and necessary slumber. It was the invasive ding of the seatbelts on bell, the rasp of the pilot's voice announcing the beginning of landing procedure, which dragged me back into the here and now. Outside the window, the East Anglian fields lay drab and sunless; far from a welcoming smile they seemed more to darkly scowl. Every one of those thousand miles which had just jet-engined by, I could feel them like jabbing pin pricks in my heart. Further, ever more distant, from the one place in the world I longed to be: right there by Lucio's side.

I bought a first class stamp from the newsagents in arrivals, stuck it to the lilac envelope addressed to Inspector Kubič as I stopped for a quick coffee. The overstay charge at the carpark proved eye-poppingly excessive, but I found myself handing over my credit card to the woman behind the desk with barely a half-hearted whimper of protest. Maybe that was what it meant to be in love, I reflected as I fitted ignition key into the slot. That you had a healthy sense of perspective, were able to roll with the punches.

About half an hour south out of Stanstead I took a slight detour off the main road, stopped briefly in the first random commuter belt town I chanced upon. The slipping of the letter into postbox felt disconcertingly casual somehow. I almost wished I was of a religious persuasion, could have projected some articulately worded prayer to the Lord. That letter, it represented my mother's only chance of justice. And although on an official level that first long-ago victim would remain unidentified, in many ways it represented Ettore Lo Bianco's only chance of justice too.

It was late afternoon by the time I made it home, the act of opening up front door hampered by half a week's worth of accumulated mail. The Mary Rice who stepped over the threshold was a profoundly different one, I realised, to that which had closed the door behind her just four days earlier. No longer that unbound entity darkly riding the turbulence, but once more grounded, comfortable in her own skin.



The sifting through of the mail could wait. So too the unpacking of my case. No sooner was I inside the hallway than I had grabbed landline from its cradle, was tapping in Lucio's mobile number from the scrap of paper he'd scribbled it onto.

"Is that you Mary?"

His voice was projected above the low murmuring swoosh of the motorway, the first time I had heard it bounced off satellites, squeezed through the insides of a phone. Different somehow, like hearing a recording of your own voice, the way everybody else hears it. Unmistakable though. * Lucio *. It was my Lucio.

Lucio "Yes, it's me," I replied. "I just wanted to tell you that I got home sa---"

"I miss you," he interrupted.

At that precise moment in time it was the most profound line of poetry he could have uttered. The purest, the most musical. He felt it too, that yearning hollowness in his heart.

He "I miss you too Lucio," I murmured back. "Lord how I miss you."

*

It was a couple of hours later, the light beginning to seep from the June evening, that I checked my Nokia. I'd put it on charge around an hour earlier; having forgotten to pack an adaptor, it had been dead since my arrival in Italy.

Now sufficiently reanimated, I was surprised to see notice of a large number of missed calls. A couple of these were from school, another from my deputy's mobile. The overwhelming majority however - more than a dozen - were from an unknown number. Hitting recall, I was even more surprised to hear a familiar voice hiss into my ear.

"Ah, Ms Rice! Finally you've returned my call."

Kubič.

Kubič. It was Detective Inspector Kubič.

The shock was such that I was reduced a pitiful stammer.

"But I... I mean... how... how have you---"

No doubt sensing my utter perplexity, the inspector attempted an explanation.

"It was the squiggle that gave you away. The softener over the last letter of my surname. Remember? That morning I saw you at the building site with John Simmonds, I made a point of telling you about the squiggle so you'd get my name right in your article. It's a pet hate of mine see. I've spent my whole life telling everyone about that damn squiggle but nobody ever remembers. Not my subordinates nor my superiors. Bills and bank statements, no squiggle. Not even George Shreeves at the Echo ever bloody remembers." He took a breath, gulped back down the wave of genuine anger the subject seemed to have raised. "So the next morning when I was looking through my work mail and came across that pastel-shaded envelope addressed to Detective Inspector Kubič with the squiggle over the 'c' , well I supppose you might say something in me clicked."

with the squiggle over the 'c' Damn me for being so ruddy precise, I thought, stepping out of the patio doors. The sky was mottled several threatening shades of grey, but for now things were still dry. From the other side of the garden fence came the squeals of the neighbours' children at play; every few seconds, the top of a trampoline-bouncing head came into vision. As I pulled up a chair at the patio table I felt an unpleasant sinking feeling. Was I in some kind of trouble, I wondered?

"So, the first thing I did," the inspector continued, "was to phone Simmonds, ask him for your number. Tried it quite a few times over the course of that morning. There being no answer, I then had DC Rawlins have a quick scoot around hotels and B & Bs. Didn't take him long - Ravensby's not exactly bloody Brighton. There had been a Mary Rice registered at The Ash View on West Road two nights earlier, the description the landlady provided matching the figure I'd seen next to Simmonds the previous morning. The mobile number that had been registered in the visitor's log, that matched too of course."

I recalled the inspector's face, that disarming mix of both the boyish and the rough-hewn, the way it had brought to my mind the actor Robert Mitchum. I wondered where he was speaking from. His voice sounded slightly blurred, as if he'd been drinking. In the background I could make out a faint but excitable voice, the low roar of a crowd. Sunday evening, would be off duty I supposed. Was at home watching some football most likely, a beer in hand.

He went onto to recount other details, most of which I had already surmised. How the landlady of the B & B had told them I'd stayed there before, five or six times in total over the last couple of years. How it had seemed strange that a national level journalist would find themselves in such an un-newsworthy place as Ravensby so frequently, and how, in fact, the landlady had subsequently informed them that I'd once told her I was a primary school headmistress based somewhere in the south.

"So," Kubič continued, his matter-of-fact tone incongrous to the seriousness of the subject matter, the thudding crescendo of my heartbeat. "I get to thinking: why would a primary school headmistress from down south have on a number of occasions visited a nowhere place like Ravensby, and on her most recent visit have lied that she was a journalist? More to the point, why would she know or care so much about the possibly suspicious death of a former Land Girl?"

There was a pause, one in which I imagined him take a swig of his beer, squint his eyes at a brief passage of play in the match he was watching.

"And well," he finally continued, "the answer was quite obvious really."

The answer to the central mystery will be revealed in the next chapter. Following that will be an epilogue which will tie up the novel's various subplots .



The answer to the central mystery will be revealed in the next chapter. Following that will be an epilogue which will tie up the novel's various subplots The answer to the central mystery will be revealed in the next chapter. Following that will be an epilogue which will tie up the novel's various subplots





Chapter Thirty-Eight


Plot reminder: Having now returned home from Italy, Mary is surprised to receive a call from Inspector Kubič, who has uncovered her subterfuge in part one of the of the novel .

Plot reminder: Having now returned home from Italy, Mary is surprised to receive a call from Inspector Kubič, who has uncovered her subterfuge in part one of the of the novel ~~~~~

Far from being indifferent about the case as I had always imagined, Inspector Kubič had in fact been very much taken by it. The temporal gulf which separated the suspected murder from the uncovering of the remains had been viewed not as an annoyance but rather as a challenge. As he would go on to explain to me over the phone on that grey-skied June evening, he had felt a deep and personal connection right from the outset. His Czechoslovakian grandfather had been just 20 when the Nazis had come goose-stepping through Sudetenland and on into Bohemia. The official order of non-resistence must have been like a muzzle to a snarling dog. The only way to save his homeland had been to flee it, leave it there prostrate like a sleeping wife at the mercy of an intruder. Over the Krkonose mountains to Poland, then by ship to France. His first combat experience had been played out in the skies above the folding Maginot Line. Onto Britain then, the last hope not just for Czechosolovakia but for an entire continent. For an entire world. Waiting in the grey English clouds for the incoming hornet's hum of the next Messerscmidt.

"He shot down ten in total," the inspector continued. "Ten weeping German mothers. A hundred too few, he'd always said. Not nearly enough."

It had always fascinated him, Kubič explained. The Second World War. The lives of the foreign nationals like his grandfather who'd found themselves in Britain during those dark years. And so when the remains had been unearthed on the former site of camp 106a, the accompanying military ID tags, well, he'd made a promise to not just to himself but also to his grandfather's grave to do whatever he could to get to the bottom of it.

"In 1940 my grandfather and the Italians stood on opposite sides. One thing the old man always taught me though, nationality is a just mask we choose to wear. Take it off, and underneath we're all just the sons of our mothers. Black, brown, yellow, fascist, communist. Every man is our brother."

It was at that moment that I felt a first spot of rain splash against the tip of my nose, could hear my neighbour calling her children in from the back garden.

"I've just come back from Italy," I told him, scraping back patio chair.

On the other end of the line came a sloshing sound: another swig of beer as he watched the football. I wondered as to his marital status. I'd once read somewhere that police officers are one of the professional categories with the highest rates of divorce.

"Italy? Yes, I thought as much."

Padding back into the shelter of the kitchen, I settled myself on a stool at the breakfast bar, watched the ever thickening raindrops splatter their trails down the window pane above the sink.

"I posted you another letter," I told him, "just couple of hours ago."

"This one anonymous too?"

"Yes," I murmured. Then: "I suppose my cover's blown now." Trying to make a joke out of it but feeling a damn ruddy fool just the same.

"And this second anonymous letter, does it name any names?"

Again, I found myself murmuring the affirmative.

The background rumble of the crowd, the excitable voice of the commentator, now both ceased. I imagined the inspector sitting himself upright, his attention peaked.

"Well then Ms Rice, let's see if they're the same names I've come up with."

*



As DC Rawlins had been scouring the hotels and bed and breakfasts of the town in the hope of uncovering the letter writer's identity, Kubič had himself taken on the much more important duty of verifying if there was any truth or not behind the missive's dark and varied claims. Firstly, the coroner who had attended my mother's death would admit that, having had no reason to believe there might have been foul play, his examination had been a brief and routine one. The vast majority of lethal toxins, he went onto explain, were impossible to detect visually. Blood tests were only carried out if authorites requested full post mortems.

Next came a visit to Dr Patel, my mother's GP of some twenty years, who was able to confirm what she had told me during our final telephone conversation: that the results of a recent general check up - blood pressure, heart rate etc - had been extremely positive, the numbers more in line with a woman twenty years her junior. Though this in itself was hardly damning proof of murder, and that at 84 years of age a heart can simply stop beating at any moment, without warning, the surprise the doctor expressed at having heard of Irene's passing several days earlier had been striking enough for Kubič to continue his investigations.

His next step, thus, had been to pay a visit to the hardware shop run by Agnes and her husband Roger...

"She worked it out immediately," the inspector explained. "Who you were, I mean. The same thing I'd been thinking. That she had a half-sister."

I remember how just for a moment the world had seemed to stretch and warp, fold in on itself. I wasn't sure my heart could take any more, this whole breath-snatching avalanche of emotions which the previous few days had thrown down onto it. A vainly bleating lamb buried in the winter snow.

"As she'd been sorting out Irene's things a couple of days earlier," Kubič went on, "she said she'd come across a folded sketch in the family bible. Her mother - your mother - in her late teens. The dedication written in Italian."

The world shimmered and stretched once more, became refracted through a nascent tear.

"She wants to meet you Mary. Hold you in her arms."

*

Though the inspector's was a pleasant enough voice - one imbued by a certain hushed sense of drama, a certain grazed world-weariness - it was difficult for me to concentrate. My mind was a weary drifting cloud passing its shadow over his words. It was almost as if were speaking in some strange tongue which was only vaguely familiar to me. French, Elizabethan English. As such, the surrounding subtelties of light and tone were lost on me. I had to concentrate on that cold hard kernel of general meaning which lay beneath.

Following his initial meeting with Agnes, the case would race swiftly and inexorably towards its dark denouement. DC Rawlins' would that same afternoon conduct a round of door-to-doors in Irene's street. It was the door two down to the right of Irene's own which would reveal the solution to the mystery. The neighbour, it would turn out, was the same I recalled seeing that never-to-be-forgotten April day two years earlier when I'd first presented myself on Irene's doorstep - a recently retired postwoman named Ellie Harris who that afternoon had been escorting her grandson to the play park across the road. An inquisitive, curtain-twitching type, it seemed, who amongst other things would also be able to confirm to the constable the regular nature of my visits over the previous couple of years. Of much more pressing interest however was her testimony that turning the corner of the street following a visit to the local supermarket at a little after 4 o'clock on the afternoon of Irene's passing, she had seen a figure just at that moment entering the front door. A figure who was well known to Harris, the street where he lived not far away. One which had been part of the same post round she'd daily trapsed for nearly forty years.



The man's name I murmured evenly into the phone, without inflection or surprise. The same name my father had struggled to recall over our * bollito misto * twenty-four hours earlier.

bollito misto The boy. The farmer's youngest son.

The boy. The farmer's youngest son. Peter, I'd told him. The boy's name had been Peter.

"Peter Harvey, yes," the inspector sadly confirmed.

*

Small towns are like those telephone exchanges you sometimes see in black-and-white films - an incessant buzz of wires, a manic swift-shift of communication cables. Thus it was that as DC Rawlins had been going about his round of door-to-doors that Wednesday afternoon, Reg Summerby, a resident of a nearby street, had been passing by on his way The Red Lion for his usual teatime pint of mild. The news that police enquiries were taking place in Irene's street would within seconds of Summerby's entrance be known to Cheryl the barmaid and the dozen or so gathered clientele - a number which included Peter Harvey. When pressed as to the nature of the enquiries, Summerby had turned sadly towards this latter and answered that as he'd passed behind the officer at an opened front door he'd overheard him mention the name Irene Harvey.

DC Rawlins' had in the meantime made note of Ellie Harris's testimony that she had seen Peter Harvey enter Irene's front door on the afternoon of her death. Following the officer's round of door-to-doors, the next logical step therefore was to pay Harvey a visit. It was Kubič himself who'd squeaked open the gate and, to the accompaniment of Toby the West Highland terrier's ear-splitting barks, pressed a finger to doorbell. There being no answer, he had stepped across through the overgrown tangle of ftont garden weeds and taken a peek through the front window. The silhouette of Harvey's tilted head had been visible above the back of the armchair, but repeated firm raps on the glass had failed to provoke a response.

Forced entry was subsequently effectuated, Harvey's lifeless state quickly established. The resulting post mortem would reveal lethal quantities of Ricin in his blood stream, a fast-working poison easily extractable from castor oil with a minimum of equipment and technical knowledge. The same substance which forensics would trace from the remaining drop of tea found in the bottom of the cup which had rested on the table beside the armchair.

With my half-siblings' sad consent, a exhumation of Irene's grave was consequently carried out the followimg day.

Tests would reveal trace residue of the same substance in her stilled veins.

*

We will never truly know the full dynamics of that tragic September night so many years ago, who exactly it was was who thrust the knife into Lo Bianco's chest, but in the light of what Inspector Kubič recounted to me over the phone that Sunday afternoon a fairly strong hypothesis may be made - a scenario which in large part had been glimpsed by my father the night before.

Somehow the middle of the three farmer's sons, Douglas, had learnt of Irene's amorous nocturnal plans. It may, I believe, have been Peter himself who'd told him. I have always recalled that one particular detail he recounted to me on the day of Irene's funeral - the pig bladder football he would scuff around with the prisoners at the end of the working day as they waited to board the lorry back to the camp. Perhaps there had already been suspicions of Irene's indiscretions and he'd been instructed to deliberately eavesdrop on her and Vincenzo's salutations. A day. A time.

Douglas would have just turned seventeen years old in September 1943. Mature enough to have understood the depth of his elder brother's feelings for Irene, Stanley perhaps having even shared with him his plan to propose just as soon as the damn war was over. For Douglas, therefore, my father's actions were perceived as doubly despicable. Not only had he 'stolen' an English girl, but his own brother's English girl.

It seems highly probable therefore that it was he the ringleader, the one to gather together the group of men who had waited in murderous ambush beyond the perimeter wire. Other local teenagers soon to be whisked off to the firestorm of war, yes, perhaps. Almost without doubt there had been adults present amongst them too however. Men who had fought in Africa quite possibly, had lost friends to Italian bullets. And at least one of them must have had some direct connection to the camp - a mid-ranking guard officer with enough influence to have set in motion the following day's frantic cover up which Francesco Brancaleone had described to Lucio and I.

One may also perhaps surmise that Peter had himself had some small but vital part to play in the night's godless proceedings. A detail which my own mind had never been able to quite square was the fact Irene had not been waiting amongst the usual copse of trees that night. It is my strong belief that Peter had been charged with the task of ensuring as such by staying awake that night and disturbing her as she'd been poised to sneak off. Thus it was that sixty-four years later when the remains were snatched from the soil he felt unable to risk her finding out, frightened that she would deduce the whole terrible truth of that night, and thus had chosen to silence her in the most extreme and effective way possible. The poison, I furthermore believe, had been prepared some days or weeks before, as soon as he he'd heard of the construction work which had started on the former site of camp 106a, and that he had obsessively tuned in to each hourly local news bulletin on the radio.

It can only be hoped that Peter and Douglas had kept things to themselves and that Stanley had never had any inkling of that night's events. That Irene's long married years hadn't been shadowed by that most terrible of secrets.

*

"I suppose we'll never know whose bones they were the digger unearthed," concluded Kubič sombrely that rainy Sunday afternoon.

My response emerged from the shadowiest corner of my heart.

"No, I suppose we won't."

Keep reading - there are some final little twists and turns in the novel's epilogue whi ch follows.

Keep reading - there are some final little twists and turns in the novel's Keep reading - there are some final little twists and turns in the novel's epilogue whi epilogue whi ch follows. ch follows.





Epilogue


A nd so, dear reader, we come to the end. I would like to take the opportunity to thank you all for your support and to remind you that I am an amateur writer. I'm sure you can appreciate the many hours of work and historical research which have gone into the writing of this novel. As a full-time husband, father, teacher and dog owner, my free time is both limited and precious. It would be great therefore if everyone who makes it this far could press the vote icon (the star) at the end of the chapter. Doing so would help keep my novel visible in the book lists and thus attract new readers. Of even greater importance would be your feedback/constructive criticism via the speech bubble symbol. What have you enjoyed? What could I improve on ?

nd so, dear reader, we come to the end. I would like to take the opportunity to thank you all for your support and to remind you that I am an amateur writer. I'm sure you can appreciate the many hours of work and historical research which have gone into the writing of this novel. As a full-time husband, father, teacher and dog owner, my free time is both limited and precious. It would be great therefore if everyone who makes it this far could press the vote icon (the star) at the end of the chapter. Doing so would help keep my novel visible in the book lists and thus attract new readers. Of even greater importance would be your feedback/constructive criticism via the speech bubble symbol. What have you enjoyed? What could I improve on nd so, dear reader, we come to the end. I would like to take the opportunity to thank you all for your support and to remind you that I am an amateur writer. I'm sure you can appreciate the many hours of work and historical research which have gone into the writing of this novel. As a full-time husband, father, teacher and dog owner, my free time is both limited and precious. It would be great therefore if everyone who makes it this far could press the vote icon (the star) at the end of the chapter. Doing so would help keep my novel visible in the book lists and thus attract new readers. Of even greater importance would be your feedback/constructive criticism via the speech bubble symbol. What have you enjoyed? What could I improve on Please note that if you scroll on after this part you will find description/tasters of my other three other Wattpad novels, The Scent of Death, The Third Shadow and Kill Who You Want, the latter of which features Inspector Kubič and the town of Ravensby .

Please note that if you scroll on after this part you will find description/tasters of my other three other Wattpad novels, The Scent of Death, The Third Shadow and Kill Who You Want, the latter of which features Inspector Kubič and the town of Ravensby Please note that if you scroll on after this part you will find description/tasters of my other three other Wattpad novels, The Scent of Death, The Third Shadow and Kill Who You Want, the latter of which features Inspector Kubič and the town of Ravensby If you like the way I write you can stay informed of my future Wattpad activity by following me (click on my imp profile icon, then 'follow').

If you like the way I write you can stay informed of my future Wattpad activity by following me (click on my imp profile icon, then 'follow'). If you like the way I write you can stay informed of my future Wattpad activity by following me (click on my imp profile icon, then 'follow'). Finally, thank you once again for support. I hope you enjoy this final part ...

Finally, thank you once again for support. I hope you enjoy this final part Finally, thank you once again for support. I hope you enjoy this final part ~~~~~

The events I have herein described happened 11 years ago. It is now the spring of 2019 and I am shortly to celebrate my 75th birthday.

But really, I have always thought, 'celebrate' is an entirely inappropriate word to describe birthdays. The ageing process is not cause to hang up the bunting; the withering of one's flesh and shortening of one's breath not reason to crack open the champagne. The only of us who look forward to birthdays are children, blissfully unaware that they're better off staying as they are, that the adult world will not prove the untethered paradise they imagine it to be. No matter how happy or healthy, there is nobody over the age of seventy who doesn't wish they were still fifty, and nobody of that age who doesn't wish they were still thirty. Birthdays are little more than an insiduous ticking off of numbers until none remain. Until the final curtain falls.

My forthcoming birthday will, I feel sure, be a particularly sad affair. Four months ago I was diagnosed with bowel cancer, and thus there is a high medical probability that it will be my last.

I am not frightened however, or at least not as much people seem to believe I ought to be. As human beings it is not death we should be afraid of, but rather of not living. It took me many decades to properly get started on this, but in these intervening eleven years this is exactly what I have done. I have laughed and breathed and explored. I have splashed and galloped and floated. I have watched suns as they rise and then as they fall. Rather than merely exist, for the first time I have lived.

I retired in July 2008, the year after that life-shaking week which followed Irene's death and a full twelve months before anticipated. There were certain financial consequences of course, but these seemed to pale into insignificance compared to those spiritual of nature. In an ideal world the age of one's retirement would be based on personal intuition rather than governmental imposition. Somehow, I believe, we as individuals can just sense when our time is up. When that last lingering spark of passion for our chosen profession has faded. When we have nothing more to offer, are only standing obstinately in some younger colleague's way. When it is time, in short, to pass the baton.

It was my deputy, Griffiths - poor, put upon Griffiths - who took over the helm of St Joseph's Primary. Whilst I will never fully understand the didatic philosophy to which he adheres, his drive and committment have never been doubted. I wrote as much in a sincerely worded note which I folded inside a Good Luck card. In accompaniment was a gift-wrapped copy of Roald Dahl's Matilda, to my knowledge the most inspiring tale any educator of young children can read. Before stepping from my office for a final time and casting a sad, lingering gaze behind, both items were slipped into the lockable top drawer of the desk. The gentle soul that he is, Griffiths would call me later that summer to profusely thank me. A tear, he claimed, had escaped his eye when he'd unlocked that drawer and seen what had lain in surprise.



But really, my diminshed sense of professional mission was only a very small part of the reason I decided to retire a year early.

Lucio.

Lucio. I desired nothing more than to be by Lucio's side.

That first year of our relationship was tough on both of us I think, the distance between us not so much a chasm but an actual crushing force - one we had to flex our mental muscles against, bear Herculian-like upon bended backs. Ryan Air did good business that year: the summer, half-terms, Christmas, Easter... But oh those interminable periods between. When not face to face with Lucio via Skype, my evenings would be spent grappling with basic grammar in a teach yourself Italian book I'd found in Brighton Waterstones.

It was during February half term that it happened. After spending Christmas and New Year together in Sussex, it had been my turn to get on the plane. We had been taking our customary stroll along the beach one blustery early morning when, as was his wont, Lucio had paused his step for a moment. I'd thought he'd been about to deliver one of his usual poetical reflections on the quality of light or the mood of the sea, but instead he began pulling left hand at ring finger.

"It is time," he murmured sadly. Then, correcting himself: "Many years ago, it was time."

His wedding ring was now loose in his hand - the same ring which had so intrigued and perplexed me in those opening days of our acquaintanceship. He closed it into his fist, took a step backwards.

" Continua a nuotare Rossella !" he cried as he hurled it as far as he could into the wind-tossed waves. " Continua a nuotare !"

Continua a nuotare Rossella Continua a nuotare Keep swimming Rossella! Keep swimming!

Keep swimming Rossella! Keep swimming! With that he linked his hand once more in mine and we carried silently on our way.

It was at almost the same spot five months later - a most placid of July mornings, the sea a perfect mirror beside us reflecting the nascent sunrise - that Lucio paused his step once more. This time he bent a knee to the sand, produced engagement ring from the pocket of his shorts with a theatrical flourish.

"Will you Mary?" he beamed questioningly up at me. "Will you make me the happiest man to have ever gazed out upon this sea?"

As his first marriage to Rossella, there was never any doubt as where we would make our marital home. The sea . These my final years I have spent in the agreeable company of the sea.

The sea Our wedding was the October following the proposal, a humble but joyous affair consisting of a civil ceremony at Punto San Giacomo town hall and a wine-hazy buffet in a local restaurant. Other than a couple of former colleagues, the English contingent included my half-sister and half-brother.

Agnes' call had come only minutes after my conversation with Inspector Kubič that rainy June afternoon of the year before. I can only imagine that no sooner had he put the phone down with me than he'd called her, told her that my number was active again.

That initial conversation was stilted at best, two strangers thrown together in the most contrived of situations, the matching ends of a pair magnets searching some elusive click, a defiance natural law. It was agreed we would all meet the following Sunday at Matthew's house in Sussex.

Over roast lamb and and the blessed inhibition-remover of Chianti I would learn that that elegant wife of his was named Harriet, my nephew Jonathan and neice Abigail. That contrary to Irene's fears both my half-siblings were more intrigued than scandalised by the events of '43-'44. That blood family was not something to fear or shrivel from, but rather a warm embrace like a the log fire of an old-fashioned country pub. We would meet up a further three times that year, and even after my emigration to Italy would keep regularly in touch. Lucio and I were proud guests at first Jonathan's wedding and then a couple of years later at Abigail's too. For the record I wish to state that neither Agnes nor Matthew knew that I had traced my father or that he had been living under a false name for all those decades.

His absence from mine and Lucio's wedding was necessary of course, and although I smiled and drank and enjoyed one of the happiest days of my life, the occasion felt incomplete somehow. After that surprise initial encounter we would meet a further half a dozen times over the following three years, the penultimate of these in London. After the inevitable prolonged period of official indecision, the authorities eventually made up their minds that the altar mural of camp 106a was of sufficient artistic and historical importance to be displayed in the Imperial War Museum. I remember the moistening of my father's eyes as he beheld it, their misting over, the decades peeling away almost as if he could glimpse once more Irene's face. Hear the jokes and camaraderie of his fellow prisoners. Feel the reassuring presence of Ettore Lo Bianco there behind him mixing colours at the altar table.

He died in 2010, aged 88. Peacefully, in his sleep. The exact same way Lucio would go five years later...

I remember the creaminess of the early morning sun which washed through the bedroom as I opened up the shutters that May morning. How, turning, I saw that he still hadn't woken up. How my hands upon his shoulders had with increasing force tried to shake him back into consciousness. And then, suddenly, how I had allowed his head to sink gently back into the pillow. "Gone, my love," I whispered, "haven't you?" Just for the briefest of moments, before the whole bone-breaking force of grief crashed down on me, I was happy for him. Relieved.

I can only hope my own passing will be equally as gentle and painless. In the meantime I leave this manuscript here upon my desk and ask whoever it is who might find it to seek its publishing.

Lucio's. Irene's. Hilda Frecklington's. My father's. My own.

There are stories here which ought to be known.

Each of us in our own way, didn't we all escape the wire?

SCROLL ON FOR TASTERS OF MY OTHER WATTPAD NOVELS...

SCROLL ON FOR TASTERS OF MY OTHER WATTPAD NOVELS... SCROLL ON FOR TASTERS OF MY OTHER WATTPAD NOVELS... It's International 'Put a Smile on an Amateur Writer's Face' Day. If you have enjoyed this novel, please, spare those few brief seconds to vote and leave a couple of words of feedback.

It's International 'Put a Smile on an Amateur Writer's Face' Day. If you have enjoyed this novel, please, spare those few brief seconds to vote and leave a couple of words of feedback. It's International 'Put a Smile on an Amateur Writer's Face' Day. If you have enjoyed this novel, please, spare those few brief seconds to vote and leave a couple of words of feedback. Thanks so much. I hope our paths will cross once again soon.

Thanks so much. I hope our paths will cross once again soon. Thanks so much. I hope our paths will cross once again soon. Mick Smith 9/4/2019

Mick Smith 9/4/2019 Mick Smith 9/4/2019





Taster: The Scent of Death




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Dudley, a milk-and-honey Labrador, is a cadaver dog specifically trained to sniff out humand remains. His handler, Jennifer, suffers from an unusual phobia which has isolated her socially.

When together they uncover the corpse of a missing child, Jennifer begins to fell a deep, personal connection to the case. Dissatisfied by the direction of the official police investigation, she resolves to unravel the mystery herself. In doing so, she must first unravel herself...



Genre: mystery/suspense

Target readership: adults

Posting schedule: twice-weekly (Sundays and Thursdays) from Spetember to December 2020

Length: 70,000 words (approximately 275 standard novel pages)





Extract:

"Dudley!" I called into the darkness. "Time to turn back around boy. We're done for today."

We'd almost reached the end of the woods by this point, another rectangle which could be crossed off from Kelso's map. Nothing, nulla, zilch.

I swayed the flashlight in a jerky arch, waited for Dudley's tongue-dangling form to come bounding into vision. There was sign of him however.

"Dudley!" I called again. "Here boy!"

It was then that the barking came, somewhere a hundred or so metres off to my right. Not his usual playful response, but instead a focused, constant noise - a quick-fire volley of woofs like rounds from a machine gun. His 'found something' bark.

My heart quickened along with my step, the flashlight boring through the darkness. My free hand deflected off the moist barks of the trees, pushed branches from my path.

"Stay there boy! You just stay right there."

The barking was incessant, grew louder with each step. At last the thick maze of tree trunks relented and there he was, framed in the soft-edged beam of the torchlight in the centre of a small clearing. His tail swooshed manically, snout directed at the ground.

Stooping myself down beside him, I slanted the flashlight to the earth, squinted in close examination. Nothing - just dirt, twigs and damp leaves.

A shallow grave.

A shallow grave. The lifeless body of Meghan Shaw had been tossed into a shallow grave.

"Well done Dudley! Good work boy!"

Lifting myself back to my feet, I extracted his favourite pull toy from my coat pocket, invited him to rear up on his hind legs in play. To the dogs themselves it was all little more than a game: victory merited a prize. It was only after our strange celebratory dance was over that I finally pressed the call button on the shoulder radio, informed Kelso of the tragic news





Taster: The Third Shadow




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Sometimes the truth is just too terrible to ever be guessed...

When two British brothers are reported missing whilst on holiday in southern Italy, the local carabinieri turn to retired detective Jim Jacks for help. Still pained by a recent divorce, he has started a new life for himself as a small-scale wine producer. Along with commander Nuzzo, he will slowly unravel a mystery which is even darker than it had first seemed...

Genre: murder mystery

Length: 75,000 words (300 novel pages)

Target audience: adult, anyone who likes mysteries full of twists and which are populated by three-dimensional characters

Status: twice-weekly posts, Sundays and Thursdays





Extract:

'I stayed there at the holiday bungalow with Sarah and Olivia for the rest of the afternoon and evening. Would return again the following morning.

An analyst would no doubt conclude that my actions weren't entirely selfless; that as a lonely old divorcee I found a nostalgic comfort in female company. And yes, this might have been part of it. But there was a very practical reason too for my more or less continued presence in the house. I just didn't want to leave them to themselves I suppose, was afraid of what might happen.

Yes, the thing I remember most about that forty-eight hour period is the silence. There was something brooding to it. Ominous, almost delicate, like if it cracked you feared it would explode. An edgy, precarious silence stretching on and on, minute after minute, hour after hour.'

Like the sound of it? Just click on my profile icon (the imp).

Keep scrolling, another taster coming up...

Keep scrolling, another taster coming up... Keep scrolling, another taster coming up...





Taster: Kill Who You Want




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

What if it came to the starkest of all choices: kill, or else suffer the loss of a loved one ?



What if it came to the starkest of all choices: kill, or else suffer the loss of a loved one What if it came to the starkest of all choices: kill, or else suffer the loss of a loved one Kill Who You Want is a re-edited version of a twisty suspense novel which I originally posted over the winter of 2017-18.

Readers' comments on original version: ' one of the best and most beautifully written stories I've had the privilege to read', 'loved every chapter', 'great read', 'you still come up with twists?', 'very moved', 'you always make me want more', 'wonderful, great, wow, could go on', 'great character development', 'heartbreaking ' and many more

one of the best and most beautifully written stories I've had the privilege to read', 'loved every chapter', 'great read', 'you still come up with twists?', 'very moved', 'you always make me want more', 'wonderful, great, wow, could go on', 'great character development', 'heartbreaking Plot: When a pregnant doctor is brutally murdered in her own kitchen, the husband claims to have some weeks earlier received an anonymous and darkly menacing letter. For the small town of Ravensby, it's just the start of a living nightmare - one in which nobody is spared from the murderous cross hairs, and which will drive Detective Inspector Kubič to the edge of his own sanity...

Genre: suspense/thriller

Length: 70,000 words (approx. 275 standard novel pages)

Target readership: Though aimed primarily at adults, the novel features several teenage characters and so may also appeal to a younger audience

Posting schedule: Sundays and Thursdays from the end of November 2019 to early spring 2020

Extract:

Aother patrol car blared around the corner the corner outside, came screeching to a halt. The whole living room was pulsed a strobing white, the venetian blinds in the front window slicing perfect knife strokes through the incoming light

"I know this is hard Adam. All such a lot to take in right now."

Detective Sergeant Annie Wye touched a finger to Butterfield's cheek, rotated his head thirty degrees. Forced him to look at her. His was a shivering, huddled figure there on the settee beneath her, his eyes wide, unblinking, as if what they had witnessed had frozen them hard. He would be in his early-thirties, she judged, a year or two older than herself. Hair blonde like her own, eyes a similar shade of bluish grey. WPC Cathy Hargreaves was crouched beside him, her hand circling his lower back. A thick smear of blood gleamed across the shoulder of his coat, the shirt beneath.

"I need you to help me though. Think you can do that Adam?"

He frowned up at her, as if unsure of where he was, how he might have come to be there. Trembling from the shock, the after-reverberations of a hammer blow. They needed to get him cleaned up, Wye thought. Get him out of there. Away.

"You say you've been at work all day. I need you to tell me where that is exactly."

His gaze had slipped back towards the half-opened kitchen door. The angle mercifully acute, only the bloodied sole of a slipper was visible.

"Adam, look at me please." She was forced to repated the the same head-rotating gesture as a moment earlier. "We need to know where you work Adam."

Dry lips twitched finally into motion. "Epcott and..." A deep, stuttered exhale was required to get it all out. "And Preston."

Wye snapped her fingers purposefully at DC Larkinson behind her. The constable remained motionless however, unstirred, his gaze similarly fixed on the kitchen doorway. There was something about him, a certain long-limbed awkwardness, which made him seem a decade younger than his twenty-five years. A mere kid playing at being a plain-clothed copper. Never more so than that particular moment, his flesh noticably paled, did he seem a fish floundering out of water.

"Larkinson! Epcott and Preston. I need you to get on it please."

The added volume to her voice, its hissed no-nonsense urgency, was enough to snap him back to attention, have him wheel dutifully away, phone fumbled from pocket.

New to Ravensby, she wondered what Epcott and Preston was precisely. Some kind of law firm? Solicitors? Wondered too why the hell Inspector Kubič wasn't picking up his damn phone. It wasn't lost on her that for the moment at least she was the most senior officer in attendance at a murder scene. An unprecedented state of affairs, one which required the calmest of heads, the steadiest of nerves. She'd attended enough training sessions on serious incident response to know just how crucial those first few minutes were, how any oversight or misjudgement could potentially compromise an entire investigation.

"During the afternoon, at work." Her attention had once more turned to the forlorn figure beneath her. "Did you pop out at any point?"

He appeared not to register the question though. Just looked through her. Beyond her. The frown again, that awful constant tremble.

"I thought it was just a... just a crank. A sick joke." His head tumbled between palms. "Something like that... Christ. If you took it seriously..."

He looked back upwards then, gaze direct this time, pleading somehow.

"Well, you... you'd go round the bend. Lose your bloody mind."

Like the sound of it? To access the novel, just click on my profile icon ...

Like the sound of it? To access the novel, just click on my profile icon Like the sound of it? To access the novel, just click on my profile icon





