Introduction


Title: The Devil's Match

Copyright by: therealestpotato

As published in: https://www.wattpad.com/story/223623512-the-devil%27s-match

Synopsis: [Wattys 2020 Winner] She's a laid-back slacker with a phobia for commitment. She's also someone who owes the devil her first born. When the ruler of Hell came knocking, what choice does she have but to let the devil play matchmaker? Lily is a strong independent woman who don't need no man. That is until the seductive devil apprentice Eve came collecting for a debt: Lily's firstborn. Without a firstborn to give, Lily and the Devil embark on a hilarious quest to find Lily's baby daddy and hopefully, true love. But are her choices really limited to the men Eve set up, or is there more to the devil's match? This Story is Rated G for [GAY] or CG for [CHAOTICALLY GAY]. Please read Disclaimer! This is also a BISEXUAL story. If bisexuality, homosexuality and the likes offend you, this is not the content for you. Also, go back to the 1950s. Word Count: 56,686 ©2020 to Sol Tuberosum





The Devil's Match


Introduction

Chapters Disclaimer

Chapter 1: Lily

Chapter 2: The Devil's Apprentice

Chapter 3: Little Cambions

Chapter 4: It's Raining Men

Chapter 5: Small Talk with the Devil (Apprentice)

Chapter 6: Damien

Chapter 7: Mike

Chapter 8: Exhibit C

Chapter 9: Ronnie

Chapter 10: Something Stupid

Chapter 11: Greg

Chapter 12: Joshua

Chapter 13: Angelo

Chapter 14: Memories

Intermission: A Day in the Life of the Devil Apprentice

Chapter 15: Eve

Chapter 16: The Rock People

Chapter 17: Matteo

Chapter 18: The Dark Lord

Chapter 19: Surrender

Chapter 20: Introductions

Author's Note





Disclaimer





Copyright © 2020 by Solanum Tuberosum

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, scanning, or otherwise without written permission from the publisher. It is illegal to copy this book, post it to a website, or distribute it by any other means without permission.

This novel is entirely a work of fiction. The names, characters and incidents portrayed in it are the work of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or localities is entirely coincidental.

This novel is entirely a work of fiction. The names, characters and incidents portrayed in it are the work of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or localities is entirely coincidental. Solanum Tuberosum asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.

This story WILL contain content that pokes fun at religion, race, gender, the feline species, and even rocks. Actually, this book may just contain everything offensive that exists. The nature of this book is satirical and the author does not tolerate any kind of hate speech or bullying in the comments and any comment that is deemed as such will be deleted without prior notice. Please be mindful of what we say to others, and enjoy .

This story WILL contain content that pokes fun at religion, race, gender, the feline species, and even rocks. Actually, this book may just contain everything offensive that exists. The nature of this book is satirical and the author does not tolerate any kind of hate speech or bullying in the comments and any comment that is deemed as such will be deleted without prior notice. Please be mindful of what we say to others, and enjoy





Author's Note:

If y'all read my short story "Wish Granted", that short piece is sort of a prequel to this. Events that will happen here will be set after that particular story but will still belong in the same universe. I have to explain that time in this story's world is non-linear, meaning that the main antagonist, Eve, can jump between the past and the present so those words don't hold the same meanings as it does in our world.

If y'all read my short story "Wish Granted", that short piece is sort of a prequel to this. Events that will happen here will be set after that particular story but will still belong in the same universe. I have to explain that time in this story's world is non-linear, meaning that the main antagonist, Eve, can jump between the past and the present so those words don't hold the same meanings as it does in our world. You don't need to read "Wish Granted" for this story as this is a standalone tale. But if you wanna have a nice laugh and spend an hour of your time reading a lighthearted romantic comedy about a gay disaster causing actual disasters, then that short story is the right one for you.

You don't need to read "Wish Granted" for this story as this is a standalone tale. You don't need to read "Wish Granted" for this story as this is a standalone tale. But if you wanna have a nice laugh and spend an hour of your time reading a lighthearted romantic comedy about a gay disaster causing actual disasters, then that short story is the right one for you. Full disclosure, I was browsing through social media one day and this prompt about a human striking a deal with a witch for her firstborn came up, but I was already working on my Wish Granted series, so a soulless being from the depths of hell will do.

Full disclosure, I was browsing through social media one day and this prompt about a human striking a deal with a witch for her firstborn came up, but I was already working on my Wish Granted series, so a soulless being from the depths of hell will do. Also, shoutout to my bisexual unicorn readers who I dedicate this book to! I am learning a lot while attempting to write stories with more diversity and representation, and I hope my writing flourishes more with all of your inputs and critiques which I accept wholeheartedly.

Also, shoutout to my bisexual unicorn readers who I dedicate this book to! I am learning a lot while attempting to write stories with more diversity and representation, and I hope my writing flourishes more with all of your inputs and critiques which I accept wholeheartedly. 'I hope you're all doing okay and keeping safe.

'I hope you're all doing okay and keeping safe. -Potato

-Potato





Chapter 1: Lily


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 1: Lily

Chapter 1: Lily





Good book introductions are overrated. Beautiful prose and cleverly written dialogues, coupled with a tragic or thrilling backstory are the literary equivalent of vanilla soft-serve: staple, boring, and only ever gratifying at very rare times. Also, people ignore it altogether for the more exciting chocolate .

chocolate The Dursleys of number four, Privet Drive, proudly saying that they were perfectly normal is the vanilla ice cream. Scandalous, I know.

Lolita, light of my life, fire of my loins. My sin, my soul. Lo-lee-ta: the tip of the tongue taking a trip of three steps down the palate to tap, at three, on the teeth.

Lolita, light of my life, fire of my loins. My sin, my soul. Lo-lee-ta: the tip of the tongue taking a trip of three steps down the palate to tap, at three, on the teeth. The book is about a pedophile and a predator, but the introduction was, and still is one of the most unforgettable first lines in literature. It is the chocolate. Exciting, a little intriguing, and without a doubt dangerously indulgent—just like the day a crimson-skinned seductress came for me and my non-existing firstborn:

the It was six in the morning and I was inches away from imminent death. White knuckled grip on red tile, cold morning air stinging my exposed skin. I was on the edge of the rooftop of my suburban home and hanging on for dear life.

With a cat in my arms.

The presence of the random cat can throw anyone off, but this is just how the tone of this particular story will go: heart-thumping danger with the added threat of instantaneous death looming over my head. But CATS .

CATS "Help!"

I exhausted my throat screaming for help.

The irony that my desperate screams became the token 'chirping birds' waking up my sleepy neighborhood is not lost on me. But my neighbors wouldn't mind. They've done worse things at even earlier in the morning.

"Somebody?!"

While I was dangling from my rooftop, I thought about my neighbors. What a peculiar bunch to begin with. On the house to my left lived Tilda the hipster spinster who constantly send me hate mail for killing the planet; next to her is the local conspiracy theorist Ahmed who is Japanese but I had you there for a second; and directly in front of me is the neighborhood crazy lady Sue Ann who gave me a leaf and wished me a happy birthday the other day.

Full disclosure, it wasn't my birthday.

"Jesus, Lily. What are you doing?" my neighbor, Greg, said after rounding up around the corner, looking for the damsel in distress. And who can forget Greg? Gregory Rivera. Silky-haired, six-foot three Greg. Broad shouldered, sharp eyed and even sharper wit. He's an interim anthropologist instructor at the local university. In another life, he could be a very convincing bouncer for a night club, I suppose. He had a very solid frame. Thick corded biceps, long lumbering arms, and fists that looked like geological specimens. Most of all, he had a thrusting, assertive brawler's aura that typically might be described as a trait that bad boys have. If bad boys had degrees in Anthropology.

Greg, bad boys "What does it look like I'm doing?!" I yelled over my shoulder, finding the man looking me over with a lopsided grin.

The anthropologist and I used to date. Used to being the operative word here. But then Greg, asshole that he is, "broke up" with me on the middle of the street. His reason: I was a bitch. A fair point, I had to give him that. I am a bit of a diva. But as if fate has had it out for me on our break up, it was also in the middle of the pouring rain. Terrific. So what's a girl with a wounded pride got to do? Kick him in the balls and push him in the oncoming traffic, that's what.

Used to

It was a very messy incident. There were tears (not from me). Police might have been involved. And Greg had to get a couple stitches. Safe to say we didn't have a very civil relationship after that fateful trip to the emergency room. So I take back what I said. Anyone but Greg.

"I never thought I'd see the day you beg for my help again, Lils."

"I didn't ask you!" I sneered, the tile digging into my fingers and causing me a world of hurt. "Go back to where you came from!"

"Mexico?"

"No, you idiot! To your house!"

Him moving into my neighborhood by total coincidence was like cosmic karma or something. Prior to this, he lived a two-hour drive from the university. I must have been quite a terrible person in my past life to get this specimen of a man added to the collection of weirdos who lived near me. But frankly speaking, I'm still quite a terrible person in this life so maybe I'll get reincarnated into a toad the next. Next life problems for the next life me, though.

Why are the hot ones always the most problematic?

Why are the hot ones always the most problematic? My disappointment can shove itself up my rear end though because not a second later, my fingers finally slipped. Air rushed around my body. The cat in my arms meowed and wiggled. Its claws dug into my skin as it tried desperately to save itself from me, its supposed savior. Oh, the irony.

Then I fell. Hard.

My feet planted firmly on the ground and I winced as a sharp pain came from my ankle. Broken, twisted, or sprained; all the same from the indicative howl that left my mouth. Then my world spun as I lost my footing and fell on my ass, the brunt of my weight coming down wholly on it. The cat in my arms successfully wiggled away. I rolled over to my front exhaustively, feeling the throbbing pain from the very end of my vertebrates.

"Owww," I groaned. The pain creeped up on my spine, almost unbearable.

"That wasn't a very graceful fall."

Greg's voice rumbled beside me, not even sounding the least bit concerned. I lifted my pained gaze and confirmed my theory: bemused face and squinty eyes full of concealed joy. What a fucking asshole, I tell you.

"Go away," I mumbled, throwing my hand over my butt. I pressed at the base of my back where my coccyx met my last vertebrate. I nearly doubled over in pain again. I think I broke my butt.

The useless eye-candy beside me had the gall to sigh. To sigh! Then I was turned over to lay on my back, lifted up by strong, muscular arms into a bridal carry. I stared into Greg's green eyes. It was all muddy-emerald like a sedimentation pond where factories dump all their toxic waste and filthy inorganic chemicals in. A stagnant body of water with algae growing over the surface.

"Yeah, you're not okay," Greg said to me and my nose flared in anger.

"You think?" I angrily spat back, putting my hand on my waist and trying my hardest to look intimidating. At least, as intimidating as I can while being carried like a child. Greg only scoffed and proceeded to start walking, taking me with him out to my front lawn and into his house next door.

"Wait, where are you taking me?!"

The homeless man from across the street gave us a whoop and a cheer, exclaiming, "Go get her, tiger!"

I shuddered and punched Greg's chest with a balled fist. I was not so surprised to find that it was hard, and firm. I was tempted to open my fist and press my palm against it, but because I am a dignified, civilified woman, I successfully managed to keep my fists clenched in an unrivaled show of self-restraint. Superhuman, I tell you.

civilified

"Oh please, let's not even pretend you're not thinking of throwing me down on your bed and having your way with me," Greg teased me, grinning deviously while he continued to carry me over to his house.

The call-out was unnecessary. Accurate, but unnecessary.

"The audacity—"

Before I can protest, I was being put down gently on the ground on his driveway. His BMW parked near, because of course, he drives a BMW. I winced again as the pain in my ankle acted up as I shifted my weight on my other foot. Greg opened the door on his backseat and gestured me in.

"Get in, I'm taking you to the hospital."

I glared at my ex but another wave of fresh pain reminded me that I didn't have much of a choice. So I gingerly crawled over to his backseat, not even thinking about sitting down, knowing that our little town has a lot of speed bumps that would bring pain worse than death to my current condition.

"Face down, ass up. That brings a lot of memories," Greg had the nerve to say from the driver's seat after we pulled out of the driveway and into the road. If I wasn't in so much pain and I didn't need his help, I'd certainly give him a piece of my mind. Oh, wait. But I wasn't in that much pain and I certainly didn't need his help.

that need "Has anyone ever told you to go suck a dick, Greg?" I retorted angrily.

"Yeah, you just did," the man said back to me, chuckling lightheartedly. "No thanks, though. I tried it, but it wasn't for me."

I only groaned in response before I buried my face into the soft, leather interior of his seats. Mint juleps and citrus scent danced in the car before I felt the gentle hum of the engine as it came to life.





"What were you even doing up your roof?" Greg asked.

"The cat. I heard it meowing and found it stuck on my gutter so—"

"You lured it down with food like a normal person? I'm guessing you didn't since we're on our way to the hospital right now."

"I can't help but respond to cuteness, Guh-reg ," I replied hotly, emphasizing every syllable of his pathetic name. "Just like you can't help responding to big tits and huge asses."

Guh-reg "Oooh that is a low blow, but kind of true," Greg laughed. "But so do you!"

Greg, of course, is referring to another one of my passionate distractions. I am partial to the male form. The strength from my lover's rippling muscles during a hot, steamy night, and the heady high I get when I control and dominate such power. Rendering men to shuddering messes, taking all that raw power for myself and reveling in it. But no one can deny the allure of a feminine body and the soft curves that only women can provide. Supple, gentle folds and sweet addicting musk. Some of my most satisfying sexual conquests have been female lovers which I thoroughly enjoyed. And then some. I liked exploring my sexuality.

raw I've dated a lot of people. Men, women. Sometime both at the same time. But I always get bored so the relationships never last. In Greg's case, I got dumped—which by the way, I will never get over in this lifetime. I've come to the conclusion that the people I've dated just couldn't handle a strong, independent woman. Men, in particular. I've been called a bitch more times than I can count. I'm headstrong. Commanding. Uncompromising. I own my sexuality. I didn't hesitate to take up space in this world where as a woman, I should be small and weak: invisible. If I was born a man, I would be categorized as a leader; a force to be reckoned with. But alas, I was born a woman. So I became a bitch.

So fuck Greg and his dick. And you can take that statement any way you want.

It didn't take long for us to arrive at our destination which is the St. Peter's Hospital. Naming hospitals after saints has got to stop. Especially St. Peter. Do the administrators know that no patient wants to go into a hospital named after someone who literally greets you at heaven's doors?



"You should probably call in sick," Greg told me after dropping me off in front of my house two hours later.

Turns out I did break my butt. I also twisted my ankle. The doctor gave me pain medication and advised me to not to put pressure on my ass for a couple of weeks. I was also told to cool my butt every other hour. The medical professional phrased it as "icing my bruised coccyx". But medical terms are boring and not fun at all.

"Great, another man telling me what to do," I grumbled lowly.

The guy crossed his arms over his chest, staring at me over his lashes. "You work as a personal trainer. Explain to me how you can do your job while in a crutch and with a pillow under your butt?"

"I have my ways!"

"You already used up your sick days, haven't you?"

Caught redhanded. But there is no way I'm admitting it so I turned my back to him and stormed inside my house. It's very hard to stage a dramatic storm-off when you're in a crutch, to be honest. I lived on the 69th street in Rior. It's lined with private homes—suburbia, if you had to describe it to others. Most of the houses like mine had cast-iron railings in front, sandstone steps leading up to the ornate front doors. Those houses that hadn't been gutted still had marble fireplaces and high ceilings with plaster embellishments. It was a fairly old house. Aside from adding in a few more modern furniture, I didn't change anything else in the interior. I had an affinity for old houses like these.

Still limping, I made my way to my living room and plopped down as carefully as I can on my couch. I can do that bit quite easily because the doctor gave me a dose of morphine to ease the pain. Gotta love doctors. But the asshole was right. I have to call in sick sooner or later, or at least tell my boss I literally can't make it to work. Breaking my butt is one of the few excuses left out of my super effective get-out-of-work arsenal so maybe it could work. Possibly. But I am not good with confrontation so I usually run away from my responsibilities.

Maybe I could...just not show up?

Maybe I could...just not show up? I didn't need the job. I have a lot of money from my parent's trust fund and frankly, I only applied to be a personal trainer to have something to do with my time. I studied Art History in college. But snobs in art galleries easily annoyed me so I decided to shift my career into something more pro-active.

"Not showing up it is," I said to no one in particular before lying down, fully satisfied with my decision. It wasn't a great decision per se, but it was a decision nonetheless. Just like all the past bad choices I made carelessly to ease my anxiety.

I have this adulting thing down pat.

I have this adulting thing down pat. A little cry brought me back to reality and I peeked over my couch to see the very same chubby cat that I tried to rescue just this morning looking at me. Glittering copper eyes pulled me in.

"Hey, you," I reached out my hand and the cat bumped its head on my open palm, rubbing itself on it. Its bluish gray fur tickled my hand. My heart melted from the display and I decided right there and then that I was going to keep it. After I do the responsible thing and have it checked for any chip, that is. But as I am currently disabled and unable to drive, I have an excuse to keep the fluffy thing all to myself. An absolute win.

An absolute win. I got up with difficulty and went to my kitchen to get a bowl. I filled it up with water just in case the cat was thirsty.

"Hey, little guy. Meowwww," I called out to my temporary animal houseguest. The furry little thing came a-walking into my kitchen. It looked like it was sashaying to me, proudly putting a paw in front of the other and looking like it has been in my house for years. What a cutie. I ransacked my cupboards for something to feed it, only finding a really old can of tuna that I refused to throw out because I convinced myself I will make a tuna melt in the future. The future passed and here I am, still without my tuna melt. It will have to do for now.

Meowwww," Cats love fish, right?

Cats love fish, right? I peeled the top off of the can and bent down to let the cat have a taste. The chubby feline took a curious sniff before turning its nose up from the food, surprising me.

"You're picky," I mumbled, throwing the tuna in the bin and going to my fridge for any leftovers. I found about half of a rotisserie chicken and ripped a thigh off, putting it on a paper plate and serving it before the cat. The cat put a tentative paw on the chicken thigh and looked at me blankly.

Then, as if robotically, its gaze shifted slowly to the microwave.

"Are you serious?" I asked the cat incredulously and myself, because I could've just sworn the cat—an actual street cat—was telling me to heat its chicken up. But it seems like it was, and those copper eyes and chubby little paws did something to me because I found myself reheating the leftover chicken before serving it yet again to the cat. The feline meowed at me, seemingly saying ' Yes, hooman. This is satisfactory.' , before digging in.

Yes, hooman. This is satisfactory.' "Now I know why you're so..." I was about to say fat , but the little poofball lifted its gaze and stared at me. It gave me the feline equivalent of the puppy-dog-eyes. Not wanting to offend it, I dropped my thought. Instead, I groaned. I'm very vulnerable to cute attacks. "Nevermind, enjoy your meal."

fat Without meaning to, I caught sight of the pile of dishes on my sink and instantly was hit with a moral dilemma. To do, or not to do the dishes, that's what Shakespeare said, right? I am honestly, extremely leaning on the not to do bit. I hate doing the dishes. That's why I had the paper plates in the first place. Then I remembered the incident when I didn't wash my dishes for a whole month and I found a freakish, living, breathing mold growing on my sink. Yeah, I just packed up and left my old house that day, moving to this neighborhood.

not to do I groaned gutturally like a wounded animal and forced myself to do the chore anyway. Despite their idiosyncrasies, I really like the people in this neighborhood. And it was only a fifteen-minute drive to the nearest bar, so it would be a shame for me to move because of another mold incident again.

Oh, Lily, the things you do for your vices.

Oh, Lily, the things you do for your vices. I was just finishing up rinsing the last of my coffee mugs when a certain odor clung to my nose. Something burning, like fried electrical wiring with a hint of burning ammonia. Smelling something burning isn't a rare occurrence in my household, but this particular mix of scent threw me off. I wiped my hands on my shorts to dry them before turning around and almost having a heart attack when a beautiful crimson-skinned woman sitting cross-legged atop of my kitchen island smirked at me.

"Hello, Lily. Remember me?"





Chapter 2: The Devil's Apprentice


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 2: The Devil's Apprentice

Chapter 2: The Devil's Apprentice





"Hello, Lily. Remember me?"

"Hello, Lily. Remember me?" "Wh-"

"Of course you don't," the creature quipped throwing her head back to let out a sultry laugh that made the ends of my hair stand up in fright. "If you did, we wouldn't be in this predicament in the first place."

Striking couldn't even begin to describe her.

What stood out first from the terrifying visage before me were two of the darkest colored eyes that I have ever seen which were seemingly calling out to me, beckoning me to come closer only to pull me into a lightless pit of immeasurable depths. Glittering madness. Her hair matched the color of her eyes as even darker than midnight, reaching far past her shoulders. Long lashes batted at me as the corner of her dark, painted lips lifted into a teasing grin.

Her frame was long, and her body almost scandalously curvy. Thin arms currently rested back. Toned and glossy, shimmering in the light. Her breasts jutted out, full and pronounced. It bulged from the light bohemian top she wore. No bra. Her legs were concealed with a sarong . She brought forth a feeling inside me. I felt something thawing—a desire I didn't know I had caged in me. Melting away as her pitch-black stare devoured me.

sarong devoured I didn't know what to do. The creature in front of me is possibly the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. If she even is a woman. Did I not mention that she is an even shade of crimson from head to toe? That, and she has long, pointed horns peeking from her hair and a long tail swinging lazily behind her. Arrowhead tapering to a pointed head. A sinister smile played on her lips.

is "The power of Christ compels you!"

I didn't know why I said that line in particular, but grabbing a porcelain coffee mug from behind me and throwing it at her next made more sense. Both of our eyes widened as the very end of the flying mug went straight towards her face. It seemed forever before it hit her. The mug hitting her forehead produced a satisfying thud and sent the demonic-looking intruder falling over the other side of my kitchen counter, a high-pitched scream accompanying her.

Then I ran like hell.

I screamed and limped towards the front door as fast as I could. But I couldn't help myself and I threw a curious look behind my shoulder. I saw the demon about to get up from falling on the floor. The our eyes met.

"Oh no, you don't!"

I had just gotten a hand on the door knob when something snaked around one of my ankles. Leathery, tight. My head spun and my body was swept under me as what I see now as her tail pulled on my ankles. It caused me to fall flat on my back on the floor. I groaned in pain. In an instant, I was staring at the demon face to face. Her body hummed and bones stretched glossy, crimson skin. A smell sweetly reminiscent of spring imprinted on my mind.

"You're a little feisty, aren't you?" her voice, rich and smooth like dripping honey, reminded me of a siren's call. But she was no siren. The second I caught sight of the fangs peeking from her mouth, I screamed again and tried to bolt away. But the demon quickly crawled over me and sat on my stomach, not allowing me to go anywhere. My heart thundered in my chest as she leaned her weight on me. The sarong she was wearing rode up higher on her thigh.

sarong I have been in a lot of provocative positions in my life—some which are downright life-threatening—but to have someone like a demon sitting on top of you and looking at you like it was about to eat you is a novel experience that both terrify and excite me.

eat

I'm a terrible person. I know.

"Do I need to restrain you, Lily?" the demon bent down, putting a firm grip on my wrists and pinning them on each side of my head. "Because that is something I truly, truly would enjoy."

restrain Her eyes bore into me. The mischievous smile of the demon on top of me grew as she had me absolutely at her mercy and she knew it. Her grip on one of my wrist loosened and she rubbed little circles on the skin there. My mouth ran dry. I was almost certain this whole thing is a nightmare, but nightmares didn't have this much sexual tension in them, did they?

this "You owe me something, Lily. And I want it now," the demon whispered on my ear in a singsong voice, and only then did I notice how hot she was. Literally. Her crimson skin was warm to touch, as well as her breath on my ear. It gave me goosebumps all over. She pulled away slightly and drew her face closer to mine, looking at me with her pitch-black eyes which flashed red for a second. She must have found the look of absolute terror and confusion on my face hilarious because then she burst out into a booming laugh, sitting up straight and floating off of me.

now," "Playing with humans will never get tiresome," the seductress almost rasped, watching me in amusement.

"Who the heck are you?!" I finally managed to ask before I tried to retain at least some of my dignity back by painfully sitting and hoisting my body up to a standing position. I clutched on to my furniture.

"Oh, honey. I'm sure you already know the answer to that question," she grinned at me, twirling her tail with her finger for emphasis. "But, you can call me Eve."

"Eve? Aren't you a demon?"

"Well, the devil actually. Or the devil's apprentice if you really go all technical on it. But I still would like to be called by my name," she shrugged, walking over to my lounge chair and elegantly reclining on it.

I remained standing awkwardly in place. "An apprentice?"

The devil rolled her eyes and groaned, waving her hand dismissively. "What is this, twenty questions? Yes, I'm an apprentice and my boss, Satan, is currently on vacation."

devil "Are you fucking with me?"

Because despite the coiling four-inch horns on her head and the very realistic tail behind her, I still can't just believe every word that comes out of her mouth. If I think about it now, I definitely shouldn't believe anything that comes out of her mouth because of the horns and tail.

definitely "Careful, you're being a little speciesist there," Eve said, sounding like she literally just read my mind. And as if to mock my thoughts further, she grinned and made an effort to bare her fangs at me. "What, I'm not trustworthy because of the tail, the skin, a little pointy horn here and there?"

"You just said you're the devil!"

"Apprentice, darling. I can never compare to the real thing. And do I look like I fuck with someone for kicks?" Eve chuckled darkly, resting her elbow on my chair and framing her perfect little heart-shaped face with her palm. I raised an eyebrow at her, forgetting for a second that I was supposed to be afraid of her.

The devil apprentice threw her head back in laughter that I can only describe as pure evil. "You're absolutely right! I do love fucking with humans for fun. Ah, you're definitely an upgrade from the last human I talked to, that's for sure. With her, I only had to pretend to be a genie to get what I wanted."

apprentice genie And then I swallowed the lump in my throat. Right there, was the problem. What she wanted. What did a creature like her want?

What she wanted. "Why are you here?" I managed to ask, daring to meet her dark eyes.



"Finally," she smirked knowingly. "I am here on official Hell business and you, Lily, owe me something."

I took a step back unconsciously, tightly gripping the foyer table beside me. Owing people is never good news, but owing the devil something? "What do I owe you?" I asked nervously, not wanting to hear what she'll say next, because I got an inkling to what it is and it rhymed with pole.

"Your firstborn child."

That caught me off guard and I didn't bother to hide my confusion. I thought she would go for my soul. Isn't that what fiction always depicted what demons wanted? But what did she even mean my firstborn child?

"Do I look like I have a kid to you?" I asked, a little offended.

"And do I look like I care? A deal is a deal. And ten years has already passed." Eve retorted, picking something off from her shirt indifferently and looking like she was bored. Somehow, I got a feeling that boredom is not an emotion that should stay with someone as dangerous as Eve.

The words rang in my ear but refused to add up in my brain, fanning the flame to my utmost confusion. "What do you mean a deal?"

"You made a deal with me ten years ago," the crimson-skinned woman told me, now serious. "Your heart's desire for the simple price of your very first child."

"I don't remember making a deal with you. What are you saying?"

"Well, of course you don't. But I think this will jog some of your memories," she said in a sigh, flicking her hand up and producing a scroll out of thin air. Then without another word, she opened the scroll up and it unspooled into a long parchment which touched the floor and continued to roll away from her until it touched my feet.

"What is this?" I asked incredulously as I bent down and the unfamiliar glyphs began to dance right before my eyes and shifted into familiar letters and words, until I was able to make sense of what was written in the paper.

"This is our contract and at the very end, there is a little souvenir from you," Eve replied, tilting her head playfully and I followed her gaze to the very end of the script. Over the dotted line of my full name is my own unique signature that I have used for almost all my life, neatly scribbled down and signed with ink. I gasped and almost fell flat on the floor trying to get a closer look at the signature. It is undeniably mine. Furthermore, looking at the way it was written and how, I can say that it almost looked like it was signed yesterday. That was how accurate the signature is. But I never in my life remembered meeting someone like Eve and signing a contract with them. For fuck's sake, I know I'm careless and I like to shortcut my way into things, but I think I will definitely remember if I signed a contract with the devil!

"This must be a trick. I never remembered signing anything with you!" I yelled angrily, not caring that Eve can possibly snap me like a twig if she wanted to.

"Ah, but that is your signature, yes?" she asked, looking as unbothered as ever while looking at her black nails. Of course she has black nails.

"Yeah, but-... but that is false!" I reasoned. The scroll was dated ten years ago, as Eve had said. In fact, it was signed the same date as today.

"Are you calling me a liar? I know I'm the devil, but you truly wound me, Lily," Eve pouted in mock grief, flicking her hand and making the entirety of the scroll disappear. "I never falsify any document on me. I can't tarnish the reputation of my boss."

"You're literally the devil! Or your boss is, whatever! What reputation are you talking about?"

The dark-haired seductress finally rose from her seat, looking at me like a predator looking at their fresh kill. "I'm getting tired of this little game, Lily," she said again, her airy, cheerful voice and innocent smile not matching the ominous intent in her eyes.

The ground began to rumble and shake. Then the wooden floorboards creaked in protest to the unnatural movement of the ground. I looked up in alarm to find the horned woman pointing to the floor and with a loud boom, the floor of my living room burst open to reveal a black, bottomless pit with menacing hues of red. Sweltering heat blasted in from the ground and from the open windows, not burning my skin quite yet but causing beads of sweat to form on my forehead.

"I'm going to make this easier for you, Lily ," Eve started, the wails of a thousand tormented souls providing a nice background to her already sinister sounding voice. "You give me what I want, or I throw you down there for pissing me off. Your choice."

Lily "What kind of choice is that?!" I dared to complain while simultaneously backing away from the slowly expanding hole which I can only assume is the entrance to Hell. Beads of perspiration swelled from my forehead.

"Oh don't be such a cynic. I'm in Hell most of the time and I love it there," the crimson-skinned devil cackled, her voice echoing around my house like we were in a cave. There is no possible way that that perfect line was made up on the spot, even if she is the devil. She must have practiced it, for sure. "The blood, the pain, the grief and the delicious fear thick and heady in the air. What absolute fun!"

"This is hardly fair!" I yelled over to Eve to be heard as the screams and the desperate pleas from the hole grew louder and louder. It rang in my ears. I couldn't shield myself from such shrill sound because I was holding on to my credenza for dear life as the floor slowly started chipping away and dropping into the hole. Seriously, couldn't my neighbors have heard this? Or even feel the ground? The asshole Greg is literally ten meters away from me. I know. I measured.

"Oh, sorry, did I hurt your feelings? I'm the devil. I don't care," Eve scoffed and swayed towards me seductively, floating over the hole like there was glass covering it. The ominous red hues from the hole illuminated her form, creating a soft glow against her skin. Finally, she stood menacingly in front of me and I couldn't help but swallow hard. A finger lifted my chin up to make my nervous green eyes meet powerful dark orbs and I almost forgot to breathe. "So what's it gonna be, Lily? Hmmm?"

I didn't have that much of a choice now, did I? Not if I wanted to live.

"Yes," I whispered in surrender. My terrified gaze meeting her corrupt ones.

"Yes, what? Say the magic words, Lily."

"Yes I'll give you what you want," I finished, resignation in my features. After muttering the last word, the screaming and the shaking ground stopped. The dizzying heat ultimately disappeared.

The demonic Eve bent down slightly and put her lips near my ear, whispering, "Good choice, pet."

It felt like a was slapped in the face by her words. I wasn't a pet! I certainly didn't want to be bossed around, or petted like some domesticated bitch. Really! I make people submit to me. I hold the power. But as the devil looked at me like that, my heart pounded. I'd love to writhe under her and drift off into oblivion. Who does she think she is to make me want to do stuff I don't want to and then make me lie about it to myself?

"I don't even have to look into your mind to read your thoughts. It's very loud. And very... needy ."

needy "Stop reading my thoughts!" I cried out in a desperate attempt to salvage what little ounce of dignity and pride I have left. I finally looked up to see Eve going back to looking at me bemusedly.

"You're not the boss of me. In fact, I seem to be the boss of you now," the devil apprentice said, raising a perfectly sculpted eyebrow.

"The hell you are!" I said back, my voice shaking in the process which only caused the devil to laugh at me once more before sitting back down on my chair, crossing her legs at the knees.

"It never fails to amuse me when humans like you use 'Hell' so casually. I love it," Eve sighed contentedly. "Makes me think about all the times you all use the Lord's name in vain. You know I count each one as a sin, right? Not that there's a shortage of sinners in hell these days, but I got to meet that quota."

"What are you even saying?" I started, barely having the strength to finish the question. Just confronting Eve drained me of most of my energy and worsened the pain from my previous injuries. I groaned and limped to my couch, not even caring about the literal devil sitting just a few feet away from me as I fell face down, sprawling on top of my couch.

"Oh, right," the devil apprentice said, seemingly only just remembering why she was in my house in the first place. "Back to you and your debt. Seems like we're stuck on a dilemma here, I see. I want your first born child, but obviously, you don't have one. You don't have one yet ."

yet





Chapter 3: Little Cambions


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 3: Little Cambions

Chapter 3: Little Cambions





"You don't have your firstborn child. Yet."

"You don't have your firstborn child. Yet." I gasped, quickly turning over and ignoring the pain in my butt once again. "What do you mean yet ?" I asked, looking at the devil apprentice grinning at me mischievously.

yet apprentice "I happen to think I'm a very merciful being, so I'm giving you a year to conceive and give me your child. Yay for you!" Eve raised her hands in mock celebration, laughing at my expense.

Childbirth? Actually pushing a living, breathing tiny human out of me?

"I'd rather you just drag me to hell."

I groaned and let my body melt into my couch.

"Careful what you wish for, darling," said a sultry voice near my ear as she suddenly appeared beside me, startling me enough to make me jump. And land on my bruised coccyx.

"Oww, Jesus ch-"

"Are you sure about mentioning that name with me around," Eve threw an arm around my back and playfully wound herself around me, almost sitting on my lap. "You don't want to sound ungrateful to such a gracious deal I just made you."

"What is it with you and babies? I thought demons wanted souls?" I complained, untangling her tail softly caressing my arm and inching further away from her and her dizzying heat. The devil saw right through me and promptly threw a soft, crimson-skinned leg over my own and plopped down on my lap. Now I truly couldn't escape her and her soul-sucking eyes.

"While you are mostly right," Eve started, putting both hands on my shoulders while I awkwardly avoided touching her anywhere. "We're sort of in a middle of a war right now. You know, heaven and hell. The usual bizz. And my boss is in desperate need of little soldiers ready to fight."

"I though you guys just, I don't know, can make demons yourself?" I asked, raising my eyebrows.

"Of course we can. And we do . But you know, Cambion babies are much, much more powerful than any demon. Very high in demand."

do Cambion much " Cambion ?"

Cambion What the hell are Cambions?

A pink tongue darted out of the devil's mouth and ran over plump, dark lips. I found myself drawn to the motion intensely. " Cambions , darling. Half-human, half-demon spawns."

Cambions I balked. "But... but... I thought I have to conceive with a human. You-... you're going to impregnate me?!" I couldn't help the raising of my voice as I tried to buck Eve off of me, but she was stuck to me like glue.

"Hmmmm... Is that a little excitement I hear?" and as if to prove her point, the devil apprentice started a slow grind on top of me, making my blood rush to my head. "But don't flatter yourself, human. I'll eat you up whole, spit you out, and make you beg for me to do it all over again. I'll spoil you for all of mankind."

"Wha-"

This is torture. I am so fucking terrified and also angry, but also a little bit...turned on?

"Babies born out of a demon deal are automatically going to become Cambions . And me, being the great and powerful devil apprentice that I am, am going to spawn the strongest and the most powerful little Cambions in the universe."

Cambions To stop the little gyrating movements she was doing on my lap, I put my hands firmly on her waist to still her motions. Or at least, that was what I intended to do. The second my palm touched her soft skin, it just stayed there. Not moving, not throwing her off of me like what my brain is telling me to do, but just touching her. And the horned seductress noticed, raising an eyebrow and playfully running her hands all over my shoulders and neck.



"I like you," she whispered on my ear. "You're very... responsive ."

responsive "I-I wa-... what about Satan?!" I squeaked in panic.

The suckers who fell for demon deals weren't stupid. I know that now. Sure getting your heart's desire and more sounds swell but spending the rest of your immortal life on hell didn't sound too sweet. It was stupid. Now, selling your soul to Eve who looked like a dream come true but with horns and tail—which oddly enough, added to her allure—grinding on you while whispering promises of a great time, made sense .

sense "Have you forgotten?" Eve purred near my ear. "Satan is an angel, honey. Sure, Satan rules Hell and all, but still an angel. Can't make Cambions with one. But you and I? We could make many great, evil little beings that will end this pathetic little world and bring God to their knees."

Cambions We Now I understood why people would willingly jump into hell because I would gladly throw myself down a river of hellfire for Eve. But I won't, because I'm smart . "So just to be clear," I straightened on my seat. "I give you my firstborn and then my debt is paid? I won't get to go to hell?"

smart Eve chuckled lowly, biting an earlobe and making me whimper involuntarily. "Your debt is paid, yes. But I can't guarantee you're safe from hell."

"Why the fuck not?" I tried to make my voice sound stronger, more put-together.

"Because I can hear your thoughts, Lily. And in the last few minutes, nothing but lust and greed has been in your mind. I'm not complaining, by the way. But I'm pretty sure you'll enjoy more of my company after you die."

Lily. "Stop reading my thoughts!" I whined, now attempting to push her away because of embarrassment. "They're...private."

"Ah, but I own you now, measly human. So, you have, at most, 3 months to conceive. That isn't so bad, right? You're reasonably attractive," Eve spat back, grinning ear to ear and malice emanating from her in waves . A lone thumb caressed the skin on my cheek and down to my lips. "As much as you and I would just love to have a go at it, can't conceive that way. I am a soulless being."

waves love "I," the word was cut short and escaped from my mouth as nothing more than a mere purr when burning lips pressed down on my cheek.

"That's a little gift for entertaining me. Remember, time is ticking, Lily."

Lily." With a little seductive wink, Eve suddenly vanished in front of my eyes. I let out a loud scream, only realizing what had just happened. The scream was also to release some of my sexual frustration. That, I am thoroughly ashamed of. Now that I wasn't near the presence of the crimson-skinned devil, the haze previously clouding my mind cleared up and made me level headed once again. And it was then that I realized the tell-tale wetness from between my thighs.

"What the he—" I stopped my self in time, standing up quickly and almost sprinting to my room to change my clothes because I felt so dirty . Then it came to me: I can run. I gasped at my discovery and tested the theory by jumping up and down a few times and sitting down on my couch repeatedly. No pain. Did Eve just fucking put me back together?

dirty I quickly changed my clothes after that and sat down on my couch, staring blankly at my floor where the stray fat cat lazily sprawled. It was taking a nap. My absentminded gaze only lasted a few minutes though, because my heart continued to race and my skin flushed. Hot to touch. Throwing caution to the wind, I stood up straight and marched right outside my home and into my neighbor's house. Yes, my neighbor Greg. I rang his doorbell, almost tearing it straight off the wall. Then his heavy footsteps drew nearer until he opened the door and saw me outside.

Greg.

"Did the world end? Why are you here?"

The man started, a little knowing smile on his face. As if he had no idea. I didn't respond, opting to just barge right past the confused homeowner. I stood in his living room. Then I crossed my arms on my chest and raised an eyebrow at him as he met me.

"What's up, Lils?"

"Take off your clothes."

I did't have to tell him twice. He grinned and shrugged off his shirt. I watched as the rest of his clothes followed suit. It exposed his lean body. Tanned, farmerish. Pronounced chest, smooth and toned stomach. He looked glorious. Then my gaze lowered and I examined him critically. I hummed in approval. "It never fails to impress me."

Like a little boy showered with praises, Greg beamed. "Like it?"

"Don't ruin the moment."

But then I walked towards him and gripped his member with my hands. His shoulders slumped and he hissed, weakening to my touch. That gave me such a rush. We stumbled to his bed, a tangled mess of limbs. I shed my clothes and basked in the light coming from his draped windows. His eyes darted across my body, flickering appreciatively. But I didn't have time for niceties. This is not what it is for. With a confident shove, I dropped Greg back on the bed and mounted him.

I was aware of him gasping at how ready I was for him. But I was focused on my pleasure. I needed this. There was nothing slow, or gentle about how we did it. I chased after my own pleasure and thoroughly used him. And he was okay with it. That is how our arrangement worked. With a garbled cry, I peaked over him. He joined a few moments later, fingers digging into the skin of my hips. I watched it all with a little smile of my own. This power, this rush. I am possibly infatuated with it.

"Jesus christ, Lils," Greg muttered weakly from under me, making me smirk. "It's even better than the last time."

"I know," I said, getting off of him and plopping beside him in his bed. His lips danced on my shoulder, giving the skin there a tender kiss. His stubble tickled me and he wrapped an arm around my waist, bringing me closer to him.

"This feels nice," Greg whispered, his silky brown hair almost getting into his eyes. "And you were amazing. It almost felt like you were trying to fuck me into oblivion. What brought that on?"

A certain seductress who can seduce anyone even with the way she breathed.

A certain seductress who can seduce anyone even with the way she breathed. I didn't answer him. Instead, I pulled him in for a searing kiss. "I still hate your guts," I whispered. I pulled away and closed my eyes. My chest slowly rose up and down as I panted. The light sheen of sweat covering my whole body added to the whole atmosphere. Greg softly laughed at my comment, running his hand over my thigh and up my naked waist.

"And I fucking hate your guts too. Hate sex is the best."

I had to agree with him there. "Fuck yeah it is. How's your girlfriend by the way?"

He groaned and buried his head on my neck as I let out an evil little laugh of my own. "She's doing fine, thanks for asking," Greg replied in mock politeness. "I sometimes forget how cruel you are, Lils."

"Oh I'm sure she's doing just fine while her boyfriend is fucking his neighbor."

"Lily, that mouth!" Greg complained, rolling off of me with a grunt. Probably regretting sleeping with me again.

"Has made you cum and lose your mind a thousand times. You're welcome," I replied snarkily and giggled at his pained groans. Then I sat up and left the bed, picking up my clothes and putting them on one by one.

"You know one of these days, I'm going to say 'no' to you," Greg said from the bed and I looked over my shoulder to him laying fully nude with his hands behind his head. A marvelous sight.

"Keep imagining, lover boy. You know you're my bitch."

And then we shared a laugh as I finished dressing up, making my way over to him again. I truly despise this man's guts, but at the same time he's the only one who just knows how to make my body thrum. And him being within twenty meters of me all the time is one of the main reasons I keep coming over. Or maybe cumming over. The wicked thought made a grin appear on my face once again. The fact that the guy had a girlfriend is also so convenient for me because there is no way he's going to become attached to me. I am single and free to date whoever I want to, but also get some satisfying action on the side. You truly can have it all.

cumming "You're not even limping anymore! What did you take this time?" Greg asked me, referring to one of my hobbies .

hobbies "Ah, nothing you haven't done already," I chuckled and kissed him on the cheek. "I have to go. Say 'hi' to Liz for me!"

As I exited his bedroom door, his protests trailed behind me. "Fuck you, Lily."

"You already did. Thank you very much," I said in a singsong voice, carefree and truly not giving a shit. Like I said, I'm a terrible person.

I was never one for relationships. But I suppose I believe in love. Love is beautiful and it is pure. But relationships are not just love. Relationships require trust, and fidelity, and a certain selflessness that I think I'm not capable of. I literally owe my firstborn to the devil. I think that speaks volumes about the self-destructive person that I am.

just Remembering Eve and her distinct smell made my head hurt. Realizing that I have to get pregnant within three months or spend the rest of eternity in hell made my headache worse. It totally slipped my mind that technically, I already started working to pay off my debt. How vaguely disturbing. But I suppose I don't have the morality to concern myself with the ethics of giving up my firstborn. Not when dark forces are involved. I don't know about you, but giving up your very own flesh and blood sounds kinda less painful than being roasted to death. And in Hell, everyone is dead so there's not exactly an end to the whole roasting you alive stuff and so you just burn and burn and burn forever. I don't think their torture arsenal is limited to just burning. One way or another, I'm going to get a taste of everything they had to offer. I've not exactly lived a virtuous life.

The fat cat was nowhere to be found when I got home. So I took a shower and washed away all the shameless sex that I've had which in no way do I regret. Then ordered some Chinese food. It was then that the cat conveniently popped in and stared at me while I ate. I groaned and gave it the last of my chow mien .

chow mien "This is the last time, you little fatty," I grumbled. Curiously, I took my phone out to find out what kind of breed it is. The cat looked purebred. Within seconds, I found an image of a cat just like the one eating my dinner. But only, a little skinnier.

"British shorthair. So you're British, eh?" I asked the feline, doing my best imitation of a British accent to which the cat just straight up ignored. I huffed, annoyed. "Whatever."

And now, to sleep away my problems again like a normal human without a compromised soul.





Chapter 4: It's Raining Men


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 4: It's Raining Men

Chapter 4: It's Raining Men





The morning found me sitting in my car with the fat cat at my passenger's seat. I affectionately named her Thing . Thing, because I couldn't be bothered to give her a name. But if people ask, I'll say it's because I'm a fan of The Addams Family. I'm not going to name her and get all attached. Especially when she which might possibly get taken away from me if she has an owner. Looking at how adorably cute she is, it will break my heart.

Thing "Hang on tight, little Thing. Because we are going somewhere you definitely will not like," I snickered and watched as the poor innocent cat laid on her back, completely oblivious to where I'm going to take her.

"But first thing's first, coffee!"

I drove to a coffee shop a little ways from my home, blasting music inside and probably driving Thing insane. Nothing like a little joyride with a stray cat to brighten my morning. I drove past familiar houses. Saw young children playing in their yards. The older ones are probably off to school. I stopped at a red light once. The morning rush of commuters and people going to work created decent traffic in the road. I wondered, and then thought about each of them, leading lives as complex as mine. But I'm fairly certain they they didn't stumble upon the devil like I did. Or I hoped they didn't. I reached my destination within twenty minutes, as what I timed. When I got out of my car, I looked back and decided on whether I should bring Thing with me or not. Or whether leaving an animal inside a vehicle is illegal. A much pressing issue. Quickly thinking that I'm probably going to Hell anyway, I shrugged. Outside, I turned left, crossed ninth, and made my way inside my favorite local coffee shop, Beelzebub's Beans .

Beelzebub's Beans It was hot out. I lived in a coastal part of the town, but it still surprises me how humid most days go by. I gripped my wallet with my hand and pushed the heavy, oak door open. Espresso and freshly baked croissants greeted me, making my sinuses tingle. Why is it that every coffee shop in existence smelled the same in the morning?

Beelzebub's Beans. I personally thought the name was hilarious which was what brought me inside the shop in the first place, but now that I personally met the devil I realized the name of the shop was made out of poor taste.

Beelzebub's Beans. People always think misfortune is funny until it happens to them.

I got in line. There were about six, seven people in front of me. All on their phones. Now I wondered if I should have brought my phone with me too. The patrons having their coffees inside minded their own business. A few were busy typing on their laptops, nose almost kissing their screens. College students, mostly. I recognize the dark bags and the three-day old shirts. Uncombed hair. The existential dread. Then the line shifted and I moved forward. It took almost thirty minutes for me to get to order. How unbelievable. Despite the premise, I didn't order coffee but my regular dirty chai latte, instructing the blushing barista to make it as dirty as a catholic school girl on the inside. Though I do like it a little dirty , I thought to myself and snickered. I paid for my order and patiently waited. My eyes bounced from one person to the other, not staying long enough to be creepy, but enough to observe. All complex lives. But I bet not one of them has the literal devil hounding on their ass. Just when I was walking out of the little coffee place, a person bumped into me and made me spill my chai all over my shirt and my hands.

Though I do like it a little dirty But I bet not one of them has the literal devil hounding on their ass. Complex lives, huh?

Complex lives, huh? "What the hell?!"

"Oh! I'm so sorry!"

The gruff voice made me look up, way up, to smoky gray eyes and admire the guy who now owes me $6.49. I raised an eyebrow at seeing the leather jacket, the stylish hair with the matching fades and the boyish grin.



Oh this one is definitely ghosting about ten girls right at this very moment.

Oh this one is definitely ghosting about ten girls right at this very moment. "I'm sorry about your coffee, beautiful," the guy pulled a little napkin out of nowhere and started wiping my hands and dabbing gently at my now chai-stained blouse. Jet-black hair, shiny to the point of being greasy. Bountiful beard on his cheeks and above his mouth, framing his rosy lips. Beautifully groomed. His body, large and towering was almost obscenely cut. The handsome stranger pulled me aside because we were causing a backlog of pedestrians behind us, rolling their eyes at the meet cute moment straight out of a cheesy movie.

"Tsk. And how are you planning on my making it up to me?" I got my flirt on, putting a little playful smile on my face and watched as his eyes lit up.

"Oh, how ever can I?" the guy replied, teasing. "Perhaps a night out? Let me buy you a drink back."

"All that for little 'ol me?" I giggled as he stopped wiping my hands, now only holding it. "My name is Lily."

"I'm Damien. So, about that drink...how's tonight sound?" Damien asked as the rest of his features lit up into a smile. He had a slight laugh line at the corners of his eyes.

"Perfect! Wait, let me give you my number," I said, whipping out my phone, my chai latte totally forgotten. The two of us exchanged numbers and after that I put my phone back into my pocket.

"I'm sorry about your blouse. Here, let me," Damien said before shrugging off his jacket and revealing his chiseled chest with just the tiniest wisps of his chest hair peeking out from his shirt. His smell then wafted to me and I recognized is vaguely as sandalwood. Without a second thought, he draped his jacket over my shoulder.

"There. I thought you looked like you were going somewhere and you can't possibly go out with that ruined blouse."

"You are incredibly sweet, thank you," I stood on my tiptoes and gave him a quick peck on the cheek, gripping his jacket close to my body. His beard, soft and bristly, tickled my skin. I didn't bother telling him that I had a whole spare wardrobe I keep on my car because accidents like these happen to me all the time.

"You look good in my clothes. But I bet you'll look even greater without them," the guy winked, coming on fully to me. "See you, Lily."

And with that, the handsome stranger went on his way, leaving me a little shaken on the sidewalk. He was gorgeous. His bronze skin shone in the sun. Walking away, he towered over the other people around him in both his height and his imposing, muscular body. Damien, I thought to myself, almost reminded me if the beanstalk from the legend of Jack. Reaching up to the heavens, promises of treasures and an adventure await those who dare to climb it.

Oh, I'm definitely climbing that beanstalk tonight .

Oh, I'm definitely climbing that beanstalk tonight With light feet, I made my way back to my car and sighed happily. What an eventful morning, so far. Thing, just coming out of her nap, purred and called to me, seemingly reminding me why we were out in the first place. I quickly changed my soaked top. Then I drove away to our destination.

"This is the best day ever!"

The veterinary clinic I'm taking Thing is the very first to pop up on Google when I searched for it. It has a 4.5 star rating on Yelp which is pretty good so I didn't bother reading the reviews. Dr. Mike's Veterinary Clinic. Sounds legit. I'm going on pure instincts here. I've never had a pet before except for the silver arowana I bought out of a whim. I didn't know the first thing about fishes. Taking in an exotic fish seemed like a good idea at the time, but then I read that you have to keep it in a tank with certain dimensions, and then you have to buy all of this crazy equipment to monitor the temperature and like sterilize the water. Then, the water needs to be checked for the right pH, something called Alkalinity, and ammonia. I thought ammonia was the stuff you use when people faint.

Dr. Mike's Veterinary Clinic. arowana

Realizing that it was too much work, I tried to cancel my order but the $3,157 fish arrived on my doorstep anyway. So to the nearby ocean the expensive fish went, probably enjoying its days swimming with all the sharks and dolphins and growing into a big, beautiful fish it was always meant to be.

"Come on, Thing," I cradled the cat in my arms and entered the small little clinic. No one else seemed to be there. It was a Wednesday morning. A slow day is expected, since I don't think that many people from my town are pet owners. But I do know that Sue Ann, the crazy lady from across me, kept a turtle. Or was it a tortoise?

"Good morning! Do you have an appointment?" A middle-aged receptionist greeted me as I approached her desk. She was a squarish woman. Her spade-shaped face riddled with freckles. A little heavy-set but most of her bulk gathered around the hips. I gave her a smile, firmly holding Thing.

"Ah, no? Does the doctor have time for a walk-in for this cutiepie here?"

"Well, you're just in luck because the appointment before this cancelled and the next seems to be a no-show," the lady in scrubs replied. "Here, just fill out this form here while I weigh this little fella. Come here, honey."

She picked up Thing from my arms and took him to a scale while I slid the paperwork close to me and proceeded to answer the little questionnaire. Most of which I didn't know the answer to, by the way. Like, how am I supposed to know how old Thing is?

"Excuse me?" I tried to get the receptionist's attention. "Thing isn't really my cat. He's a stray I picked up so I don't know the answer to most of these." I waved the paper in front of me.

"You named her Thing?" she asked and I grinned sheepishly. "Well, it's fine honey, just fill up what you know. I'll take care of the rest."

"Okay, thank," I said back as I buried my head back into the form. In a few short moments, I handed the paper back to her and watched as she went over a couple of things with me before stashing the document away.

"Follow me, sweetie," the receptionist, Alice—as her name tag with little cartoony paws indicated—led me to a room beside the lobby. Then she opened the door and urged me to go inside.

"Hey, doc. This is the next patient, Thing."

I went inside the room. The cold air from the air conditioning gave me a slight chill. My eyes focused in on a man with his back against us, wearing a standard white coat. Tall, medium build. When he turned, I almost dropped Thing out of my grasps.

"Hello," the doctor greeted me with a cheerful voice and a friendly smile which I couldn't help but return.

Okay, this is getting ridiculous. How lucky can a girl get?

Okay, this is getting ridiculous. How lucky can a girl get? The doctor is more of a cutie than the actual cutie I was holding. He was toned and quite firm-looking, though not as muscular and built as Damien. but definitely as appealing. Short, black hair trimmed close to his head. An inch on top of his head at most. On his nose rested wide, thick-rimmed glasses. The deep impressions on his cheeks was what sold me. They complemented his toothy smile that is very comely.

"Hey, doc," I rasped. "I uh, am here to get checked?"

"What?" His eyebrows rose in genuine confusion which made it seem like he wasn't used to women fawning over him. It was charming in its own way, and I found myself clearing my throat from the sudden lack of moisture.

"I mean, Thing here is supposed to get checked. Sorry," I laughed, shaking away my initial surprise and holding up Thing who just looked bored out of her mind.

"You named her Thing?" the vet asked in a teasing grin. He prepped the examination table and moved some of the apparatus out of the way.

"Well, I didn't want to be disrespectful and confuse her by any other names," I humorously retorted. "That and I am a huge fan of The Addams family."



"That was what I was thinking of. So am I!" The friendly smile returned on his face and he gestured for me to put Thing on his examination table. The lazy fat cat immediately plopped down and took a nap, making us both laugh.

"She has a free spirit, huh?" The doctor said, holding out his hand and petting Thing who affectionately purred into his hand. He turned to me, dazzling smile back on his face. "I'm Doctor Mike, by the way."

"I'm Lily," I shook his extended hand, feeling his gentle grip and his soft palms. It's very unusual for a guy to have such soft hands.

"What seems to be the problem with her?"

"I found her on my roof the other day and I want to know if she is chipped," I replied. "Well, that and I want to know if she's healthy. I mean, she's not exactly a picture of perfect feline health."

Mike chuckled softly and pulled a little trolley of his equipment closer, getting a microchip scanner. I watched him run the little machine over Thing for a few minutes. His movements were controlled, careful. Gentle. But then he finally put the scanner down after obviously not getting anything.

"She doesn't seem to have any chips on her. Do you want me to microchip her later?"

I looked down and Thing was staring straight at me. As I looked into her copper eyes, I seem to get the feeling that I was almost getting glared at, daring me to microchip her indeed to suffer the consequences of my actions later. This cat.

"Uhh, I'll pass on that. I just have to look for her owner harder," I said to the veterinarian.

"Okay. But if you ever change your mind, we do microchipping here. I am an advocate for responsible pet keeping and this is one of the ways we can avoid overpopulation in shelters."

"Holding pet keepers accountable of their pets," I said, smiling at Mike who returned it.

"Exactly. Now, I'm going to conduct a regular health check on Thing now."

For the next half hour, I watched and chatted with the charming vet as he checked Thing and told me how to properly take care of a pet for the first time. It seems like he got the gist that I was certainly new at this and wanted to help me. Of course, I didn't pretend to be anything otherwise. I really was clueless at taking care of any other living thing. I mean, I'm barely able to take care of myself. By the end of our little chat, I got a short list of the things Thing will need, such as a litter box, cat food, something to scratch her nails at, and a few specialized medicines for the ticks Thing had. The thought of ticks invading my home made me absolutely balk but I didn't want to appear like a bitch to Mike who assured me ticks are not a serious concern and strays usually had them.

"I have to say that for a stray, Thing seems to appear...healthy," the vet commented, looking at the feline who behaved most of the time she was being checked by Mike.

"Too healthy," I couldn't resist. "I mean, she's cute and all but I think she definitely will use up all of her nine lives with a cat equivalent of a heart attack."

The vet beside me laughed and ran his hand over Thing's smooth fur, and for a second I wished it was me who he just rubbed. "Some cats are just genetically pre-disposed to being overweight. You just have to feed her with a balanced diet and keep her active by playing with her."

It was inevitable. I flirted my ass off, charming the vet. Mike returned my affections enthusiastically. And then too soon, the next patient came in with an ugly chihuahua who looked more like a huge street rat than a dog. It was time to go. But before I can leave, Mike pulled me aside briefly.

"Hey, Lily. I don't normally do this, but could I take you out to dinner sometime?" The vet asked with a little boyish smile. "I think you're great and I sensed a connection between us."

I heard it all. The smooth lines, the sweep-you-off-your-feet cutesy asks, but Mike did his in a charming almost princely vibe. So of course, I said yes.

"How tomorrow evening sound?" I asked. Never thought I'd have to schedule my dates so closely together, but it seems like it was the only time Mike was available.

"Great! I have your number so I'll just call you."

I put a lingering hand on his forearm, subtly teasing him. "Make sure you call."

Mike grinned like an excited little boy and he nodded eagerly. "I definitely will."

And with that, I got my second date for the week merely hours from each other. After the check up with the vet, I have to go buy Thing's...well, things.

"Damn, I really must have done something good today or something," I muttered to myself before looking at Thing resting cutely in my arms. "Maybe it's you! Man, I gotta help more animals. It's good karma."

With a distinct little spring to myself, I got to my car humming happily. The moment I started my VW Jetta, a song blasted out in full volume, startling me and the cat beside me who scrambled into the backset in panic.

It's raining men! Hallelujah!

It's raining men! Hallelujah! It's raining men! Amen!

It's raining men! Amen! And then, I was bombarded with the fragrant flowery scent that I couldn't get out of my head ever since I first smelled it.





Chapter 5: Small Talk with the Devil (Apprentice)


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 5: Small Talk with the Devil (Apprentice)

Chapter 5: Small Talk with the Devil (Apprentice)





" I'm gonna go out to run and let myself get absolutely soaking wet! "

I'm gonna go out to run and let myself get absolutely soaking wet! I watched in shock as none other than Eve the devil apprentice suddenly popped up on my passenger seat, singing along quite eagerly to the song playing on my car. Her tail creeped up to my cheek and I swatted it away. Her square shoulders bobbed in time with the music.

It's raining men! Hallelujah!

It's raining men! Hallelujah! It's raining men! Every specimen!

It's raining men! Every specimen! Eve swayed her body in time with the beat. I watched as her hair bounced along with her movements. I absolutely didn't know how I should react to the scene before me. It was such a bizarre scenario and I didn't have an appropriate social response hidden away in my system for this. How would you react to the devil singing along to The Weather Girls in the passenger seat of your car?

you " Tall, blonde, dark and lean. Come on! I know you know this song , " the devil apprentice sang, ignoring my puzzled face as she encouraged me to sing along. I clenched my fist, my body twitching in protest to the way I consciously prevented the rhythm to take over me. Each second that my favorite verse neared, I slowly lost each bit of my resolve. Until it came. And I flung my hands towards me carelessly, not able to hold myself back anymore. Oh what the hell, I fucking love this song.

Tall, blonde, dark and lean. , Rough and tough and strong and mean

Rough and tough and strong and mean " God bless Mother Nature! " I sang out, joining in on Eve's little dance party. " She's a single woman too. "

God bless Mother Nature! She's a single woman too. She took off to heaven and she did what she had to do

She took off to heaven and she did what she had to do Eve laughed, closing her eyes and singing the song ironically, I bet. Her voice had a pleasant lilt that made my heart flutter. " She taught every angel, she rearranged the sky. "

She taught every angel, she rearranged the sky. So that each and every woman could find her perfect guy

So that each and every woman could find her perfect guy " It's Raining Men! Yeah! " We both sang together before moving our bodies during the intermission of the song, a sight surely puzzling to any observers from the very public parking lot I had my car parked on. But I didn't care. I will jam to this song and out lip-sync anyone who dared challenge me.

It's Raining Men! Yeah! Cause tonight for the first time

Cause tonight for the first time Just about half-past ten

Just about half-past ten For the first time in history

For the first time in history It's gonna start raining men!

It's gonna start raining men! "It's raining men! Hallelujah !" I sang my heart out, pulling Thing on to my lap in my joy and moving her little paws to dance with me. Eve regarded me with a puzzled look, as if she had never seen a cat dancing before. What an obtusely curious phenomenon she is indeed.

"It's raining men! Hallelujah It's raining men! Amen!

It's raining men! Amen! I lip synced to the rest of the chorus, absolutely losing myself to the classic song and watching Eve do the same lightheartedly. The car gently swayed. For a split second I taught I saw a glimpse of a very genuine joyful smile coming from her face so devoid of the usual cruel and benevolent smirks she was so accustomed on giving me. And that was when I saw that Eve really is strikingly beautiful. Music took over then.



She taught every angel

She taught every angel She rearranged the sky

She rearranged the sky Hallelujah!

Hallelujah! The song finished and we burst out into giggles, me clutching my stomach. I was almost hunched over from the ridiculousness of the situation while the devil beside me threw her head back and laughed her dark heart out. What an interesting sound.

"I absolutely love singing songs out of irony," Eve declared, slinking back into her seat and looking at me with an knowing glint in her eyes. "Speaking of, how did you like your raining men, huh?"

your I put the car in reverse and pulled out of my spot, driving away to a store I knew is selling pet supplies. "What do you mean?" I asked with a little smile on my face. I really am having a great day.

"Oh, you know," the devil said, raising a playful eyebrow and crossing her arms across her chest. "A couple of strong, male hunks almost throwing themselves at you?"

hunks My brows scrunched up in confusion. "How did you know about that?"

At that, the familiar evil grin was back with a vengeance. The devil apprentice only had to raise a beautifully sculpted eyebrow. It took me a few long seconds before I got what she meant. But then I realized that Damien and Mike, both seemingly coincidences in my normal day out, had been caused by Eve. I didn't know how, but she did it. It caused me to groan. "That was you?" I asked with a disappointed sigh. I really thought that cosmic karma was on my side today.

"Oh please, the only karma that is coming to you is far from good," the horned devil retorted, quietly snickering at my fate.

"Spoiler much?" I asked.

"What's with the complaining? Would you have preferred me to set you up with a Robert Pattinson?"

"Pre-Twilight or post-Twilight?"

"Worse. Smack dab in his Twilight phase," the devil replied evilly.

"Ugh. You're the worst."

"Thank you," Eve said happily, busying herself with checking her nails again indifferently. "By the way, I really appreciate the enthusiasm. Not even a full hour after I left you yesterday and you already got to it, huh? You're officially my absolute favorite contestant in this little game."

"I don't know what you're talking about," I blushed and avoided her gaze.

"Of course you do!" Eve let out a little gleeful laugh. Her eyes sparkled in malicious intent. "And with a man that is already promised to another, no less. You really are my favorite human now. You're rotten to the core!"

"No, I'm not," I denied.

"Why repress your inner urges, Lily? You don't have to pretend with me around. It's me, your friendly neighborhood devil apprentice!"

Ugh. Why does she always get inside my mind? It's not like her hauntingly good looks isn't enough to fry my brain. And now she's right in there, digging and prying.

"I can be inside anyone's head. That's kind of what I'm good at," Eve replied, smirking at me. "Thank you for thinking that I'm beautiful anyway."

"Eve!"

The devil only cackled in response. She watched me for a second, eyes taking in the way I sweated under her scrutinizing watch. My breath hitched in my throat. If she noticed the increase in my body temperature or the sudden dryness in my mouth, she didn't comment farther. Instead, she reclined back on her chair and asked me. "So how did you like my little gifts? Totally your types huh?"



I didn't have the gall to deny it anymore. I nodded. "How did you even do it?"

"It's simple. Took a few seconds to control the man on the coffee shop and then bump into you. The clinic, I had to do a little Google manipulation for you to find. From there, it only took a couple of car crashes for you to get accepted in at the perfect moment."

The cancelled appointments.

I turned to her for a quick second, taking my eyes off the road. "You crashed them? The appointments?"

"Don't look so concerned. I know you're not really that worried," Eve dismissed. "No one died, I promise. No human, at least," the devil finished with a twisted smile. It gave me chills.

Why am I even surprised at the atrocity? She's evil incarnate. Literally.

"There will be more. Many, many more," the seductress added. "I want my Cambions and I'm just hurrying you along. And honestly, how often does the devil help ?"

Cambions help "You're an apprentice," I couldn't help but throw back to which Eve just shrugged off.

"Same thing, darling. The boss isn't here. God only knows where Satan is right now. And I mean that literally because only God can track her down," the crimson-skinned woman replied.

At that, I paused. "Wait, Satan is a woman?"

"Why do you humans keep concerning yourselves with insignificant details like Satan's pronouns?" Eve groaned, looking bored out of her mind. "She's simply a she."

"Sheesh, touchy much," the GPS instructed to turn on the street to the left and I turned my steering wheel accordingly.

"So, about you and Satan. Did she create you?"

Eve raised an eyebrow at the question, a calculated gaze probing me. But then she shrugged, probably figuring out it was an information I was bound to find out anyway. "I don't remember. I've been around longer than most of the demons in Hell and I've always been by Satan's side. So yeah, probably."

By that time, I pulled into the parking lot of a nearby pet supplies store. There were several open spots left in the parking lot so I didn't have a hard time parking. I was about to get out of the car when I saw from the corner of my eyes that Eve was also about to get out. I paused.

"Wait, won't humans see you? You don't exactly look like you would blend in," I asked, motioning her whole terrifying getup.

"I control who can see me and unfortunately, it's only you as of the moment. What a waste of such a beautiful sight, really," And then the devil apprentice got out of my car by popping outside.

I almost forgot she could do that so it threw me off for a second. I would have to get used to that because it's something that Eve seemed fond of doing. Circling the car, I reached for Thing in my backseat. "Hey you, let's go. We're going shopping!"

We all went inside the store. I grabbed a cart on my way there and put Thing inside. Passing the entrance, I asked an employee where they stored the cat food. I was pointed to the direction of the eastern part of the store and so I wheeled my cart there.

"That creature is looking at me funny," Eve commented while she was staring at Thing who, in all fairness, was looking straight at Eve. Dead eyed.

"I thought you can control who can see you?"

"Yes, but animals, especially felines just seem to have a natural talent of sensing us demons. That's why my demonic minions had difficulty staying at Egypt. Damned humans worshipped them," Eve explained, glaring back at the cat. It almost looked cute. Almost. Until the devil bared her fangs defensively at Thing.



"Boo hoo for team demons then," I said, picking up a laser pointer from the aisle and a little feather on a stick thing for Thing to chase. Mike recommended that I play with Thing to bond with her. I also got some cat food—the good and expensive kind. I didn't want Thing to keep eating my food because the fat cat could eat more than me. It was maddening, really. Thing refused to eat my scraps or the cheap kibble I asked Sue Ann for. She only ate human food. And chicken—she loved chicken: warmed up and served on a plate.

"And by the way, for someone who literally owes me their firstborn, you're surprisingly looking well-adjusted," Eve commented, getting tired of walking and simply floating beside me. That, I thought, was another thing that I also have to get used to. "Are you that unconcerned about your own flesh and blood? Again, not complaining. I like your deeply positive attitude." The little grin that came after saying that sentence spoke volumes of how much she really did love my positive attitude.

positive I sighed and pushed my cart to the part where the store displayed their pet beds. "You literally give me no choice. And besides I can make another one."

With that, Eve gave her signature dark laugh again. "Oh, I like how morbidly humorous you are, Lily. It's quite impressive."

"Thank you," I rolled my eyes. I'm glad I could amuse her with my corruption. "I've been meaning to ask you. How does this 'war' even work? Who's leading it, you?"

"I believe that's highly classified information, darling," the dark-haired seductress floated in front of me, hands lazily behind her head.

"Oh please, who am I gonna tell, God?" I snorted, continuing to walk while hearing Eve behind me almost choke on her laughter again. Within a second, she had caught up to me.

"Yes, currently I am the acting ruler of Hell so all operations run through me. Satan is still MIA."

"If this is war, why did you give me a year to conceive?" I asked. "Aren't you in a hurry or something?"

"Hmmm. A year is merely a blink of an eye to me. It's very important to gather Cambions right now so that when my boss returns, she has an army ready and I get my promotion."

Cambions "And how many Cambions do you have in the oven right now?"

Cambions "If I didn't know any better, I think I sense a little jealousy," the devil apprentice floated near me and whispered in my ear. "Don't worry. You're still my favorite." And then I felt her warm lips on my cheek, making me grip the cart in front of me to force myself not to react. But my walk stiffened and I almost crashed into a neatly stacked cat food tower, visibly affected by her. Eve chuckled from seeing the little incident and floated around in circles around me, whistling carelessly and complaining about the mundane task of shopping for things.

"I can't wait 'til I get promoted, honestly. And I can't wait to see this world burn," the devil apprentice exclaimed in a hopeful sigh, barely sparing me a glance. "I bet it'll be a beautiful sight. All those permanent deaths, fear, and suffering. And the torture! I love me some torture."

"Hey!" I exclaimed, offended. "I live here too."

"Oh right, I forgot." Eve snickered, not even hiding her grin.

"How do you even get promoted? Do you become, like, the executive assistant or something like that? Because surely you can't permanently become the devil. Unless Satan retires. Can she do that? Can Satan retire?"

"Promotion simply means I get to mess with humans more freely."

"Right," I said, raising an eyebrow, sarcastically adding, "Because you're not messing with us enough right now."



At that, Eve simply smiled. "Believe it or not, it hasn't been long since I got out of hell for the first time in eons. So this Cambion army is my first major project outside of Hell."

Cambion "You, the oh powerful devil, haven't been to Earth before?"

"I have been on Earth. Since the beginning, actually. Think Big Bang. Though my memory is a little hazy," she confirmed, floating back down on the ground as I began to line on the self check-out line. "But since Satan went on vacation, I've been busy."

"Wait, how long has Satan been on vacation?"

"A few millennia. Pretty much after Solomon died, she just disappeared. You know there are rumors she ran away with the Queen."

For the life of me, I could not imagine demons gossiping. But apparently, they do because now, I have the hot goss that Satan may have fucked off with King Solomon's wife. I cleared my throat. "So all the horrible things that happened to, basically, all of humanity since. That was you?"

"Well, not all of it. We had an election that ran forever," Eve complained. Then she saw my confused face. "What? We have democracy. So after I beat this other demon contender, Haffa, I officially became the Hell's substitute ruler. And come in Dark Ages!"

"Huh," I reacted more to myself. "If you caused the Dark Ages, kudos to you. Destroying art, causing intellectual stagnation. Very elegant attempt to crumble humanity. I'm a fan."

Eve curtsied and smiled at me. "Thank you. So after that, I've mostly stayed in Hell. Managing, mostly. Torturing poor souls. Doing paperwork. Centuries really fly by when you do something that you're passionate about every day."

Say what you want about the devil, but I'm impressed she's so passionate about her job. I wish I had that same enthusiasm with life.

"Have you met Hitler?" I asked her. I couldn't resist.

Her eyes shone. "You know what? I have. Really sensitive guy. Very artistic. Even the way his blood splattered on the floor was art. And he was a good conversationalist. Much better than Beyonce. You think she'd be better at chit chat, given Hollywood and all."

"Wait, what?" I choked. "Beyonce's alive."

Eve smirked. "Sure, honey."

I was about to reply my sentiments when I saw the people lining up from the next counter looking at me weirdly and only then did I remember that they can't see Eve which would have made me look like a crazy person from seemingly talking to myself.

"Talking to my cat," I said, pointing to Thing in my cart sheepishly before I finished up ringing my items and ignoring the rest of the shoppers. Within a few short minutes, we were back on the parking lot. I opened the door to my car and let Thing in first before lifting my purchases with my arms and grunting as I didn't expect it to be this heavy.

"Wow, you work out or something?" Eve quipped from behind me, poking my biceps.

"I work as a personal trainer," I simply said, though I'm very proud of my body. I ate like crap all the time but I also worked all of it out nearly every day.

"Used to work," the crimson-skinned devil corrected when I got inside the car after she just popped up on my passenger seat, ready to roll again. "You quit your job."

"Yes, I did. I have to focus on this whole redeeming-my-soul deal with you."

Eve scoffed. "Don't make me as your excuse. You just got bored of it already."

"Do you know every little thing about my life?" I groaned, tilting my head to look at her in annoyance. Why do I always feel attacked when talking with her? I didn't wait for my very pleasant guest to reply before I pulled out of the parking spot and made my way home.

"I don't," the devil apprentice denied, referring to my question earlier. "But I can if I wanted to. And besides, you're pretty much an open book. Very easy to read."

"Why did I ever agree to your deal?" I sighed. "It's pretty much a scam. You lied about the ten-year thing."

"Are you calling me, the devil, a liar?" Eve asked dramatically. "Blasphemy!"

"And also right."

A tail swatted at the sensitive skin on my exposed forearm and it stung. "Hey! No hitting."

"Oh?" the devil apprentice raised an eyebrow and let her tail caress the soft skin instead, running sensuous little circles around my arm. "But I thought you liked it a little rough ?"

rough Here we go again.

Here we go again. "You're a psychopath, Eve."

"Psychopaths, along with the world's sociopaths are the works of my dedicated public fear committee, so I'm afraid I'm not."

"Do I even want to know why you have a Public Fear Committee?" I asked, wishing I could just slam my head in the steering wheel.

The devil works hard, but her Public Fear Committee works harder apparently.





Chapter 6: Damien


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 6: Damien

Chapter 6: Damien





I dressed up to the nines, donning my naughty-and-never-nice little red dress and a three-inch Louboutin pumps. Red has always been my color, but tonight I surpassed even my own expectations. The dress itself was tailored to perfection, clinging snugly to my breasts and showing the flare of my hips nicely. The fiery cloth provided a nice complement to my complexion that is a delicious light mocha. I look lovely. But better than that, I look glorious . And surely, a gorgeous woman like me could land herself a guy like my date, Damien. That unit of a man who is now looking at me hungrily from across the bar.

glorious Inferno.

Inferno. Ah, there goes another poorly named place. Come to think of it, there are a lot of poorly named establishments in my town. There is a casino named Hell's Gates on the 51st street and a rundown motel just across it, with a flashing neon sign forming its name The 7th Commandment . There is also a strip club called Lucifer's Girls not a ways from the two . But who can forget the kicker? The Blue Ball Church with a signage that said: Be Pure and Fill Your Cracks with Christ. Comedy gold.

Hell's Gates The 7th Commandment Lucifer's Girls . Blue Ball Church Be Pure and Fill Your Cracks with Christ. How come I haven't noticed these before? I freaking love this town.

How come I haven't noticed these before? I freaking love this town. My feet carried me across the room and took with it ten lustful gazes or so which further fueled the foxy little grin I sported. I admit, it is nice to turn heads wherever I go.

"Fancy seeing you here," I said in almost a whisper, leaning in close to Damien's ear as I placed a teasing palm on his bulging biceps. I put his signature leather jacket on the counter, folded neatly next to his beer. The guy grinned and his smoky gray eyes glittered at the attention.

"You look stunning," he replied, not taking his eyes off me.

I smelled his sandalwood perfume and our eyes met in a dangerous dance. There wasn't loud music. Inferno is actually more of a pub than a regular dive bar or club. But the tables were decently filled and the bar area had enough patrons. The whole pace was dim enough to give me plenty of cover to make me work my alluring charm.

Inferno "Buy me a drink?" I asked innocently, raising a playful brow. I took time to apply my makeup but from the looks of where the things are going tonight, my lipstick is going to be smudged and licked off beyond recognition. How exciting.

How exciting. "What are you having?"

"Gin martini. Lemon peel."

"You heard the lady," Damien said to the bartender who I've only noticed was looking at us—or me, specifically. I gave the guy a little wink which sent him to fix my drink immediately while I talked to my date.

"You come here often?" I asked, tracing a playful finger on his forearm.

"No, not really," Damien rasped, focusing in on the gesture. "But it seems like a good place."

"It is. Nice atmosphere."

I took my drink from the bartender and thanked him before taking a sip. I was told that I had the drinking preferences of a rich, middle-aged Floridian divorcee in the 70's with a couple of boyfriends on the side. Oddly specific, but I didn't mind it. The night was beginning to crescendo to its peak so I allowed myself to two more drinks before I felt the slight buzz in my system. Perfect timing as the lights were turned way down low and the music began to really pop it. Before long, bodies began crowding in the dance floor. The atmosphere changed, and people started pairing up.

"So, what does your parents do for a living?" my date asked me, playfully playing with a wavy lock of my hair as I ran my hand all over his chiseled chest. Closer, I pushed my body into his. He hummed appreciatively.



"My parents are small-time businesspeople who are now retired at Staten Island. How about yours?"

"Meh, my father's a mechanic and my mom's a housewife. Nothing too exciting, ya know?" Damien grinned and put two fingers on my chin, tilting them up to meet his lips in a kiss. I hummed as his strong arms snaked around me and I felt his bold tongue on the entrance of my mouth. As I buried my fingers in his hair, I indulged him and let him explore the sweet caverns of my mouth. An irritated clearing of a throat brought us out of our little world and I grinned sheepishly as I found a patron of the bar looking at us disapprovingly. It's a well known faux pas to make out in the busier sections of any bar so I dragged Damien out into the dance floor.

We kissed and danced the night away and I let him and his hands explore my body, grinding on to him and encouraging his advances. A thrilling experience that I never will get tired of. It was a little past twelve when he whispered the classic proposition in my ear. It made me almost smile.

"Wanna get out of here?"

So I nodded and he quickly excused himself to the bathroom first as I breathlessly made my way to the bartender again, asking for a glass of water for my parched throat. There will be no false pretenses to what will happen in the next few hours. I will get what I want, and he better like it.

"I couldn't help but overhear your conversation earlier, Miss," the bartender said as he was handing me my cold glass. "But you're the third one this week."

The comment threw me.

"It's a Tuesday."

The guy shrugged. "And I start counting my days of the week on Mondays."

I was a little startled from the discovery, but not completely put off. There is nothing wrong with dating multiple people, as long as you're careful and you use protection. But it was a little strange that Damien had lied about his visits to this place. Though I can understand that any guy would say anything to get into my panties. Granted that I'm not wearing one now, but the metaphor is still valid.

"Hey," Damien said as he returned for me and we exited the place. We only reached the parking lot until the need emerged again and I was promptly leaned against my car. Then we were making out again.

"You're so hot," Damien whispered on my ear as he started a slow grind and I felt his stiff member on my stomach. Grinning a little, I let a hand wander down and grope his bulge, making him weak in the knees.

"Jesus christ," the guy breathed out as he almost lost his mind over my ministrations. Hearing the big JC's name made me flinch. It made me remember Eve and the whole ordeal we had. But then, from the corner of my eyes I saw a different bulge just around his ankles.

"You wear ankle weights?" I asked, pulling away for just a second to catch my breath. He is fit but I didn't know he was this much into fitness. Seems like a perfect match for me. Huh. Good job, Eve.

Huh. Good job, Eve. "No, that's my ankle monitor," Damien huffed as he tried once again to reach under my dress. "I'm on parole."

And like a bucket of ice-cold water was dumped on my head, my lust fizzled and died out and I pushed him away.

"What the fuck do you mean parole?!" I screamed.

"Parole. I just got out last week. It's not a big deal."

"It's not a—of course it's a big deal! What were you in for?"

Please don't say murder. Please don't say assault.

Please don't say murder. Please don't say assault. Damien hung his head and scratched the back of his skull. "I got three years for having relations with a minor. But listen, she consented to it. And she looked old for her age. I thought she was at least 16!"



"You mean she was younger?!"

The guy is a sex offender!

Which is even worse than serial killer or a fucking axe murderer! Because murder, you can justify. No matter how much of a religious person you are, there are some people who are just begging to be killed. But rape and sexual offense are inexcusable. That is why we never get asked the moral question that if you could go back in time, would you rape Hitler?

begging if "Get the fuck out of my face before I call the cops!"

Because I'm sure drinking alcohol and going to a bar pretty much violates parole rules in our state. Seething, I marched right back inside the bar, ordering and downing a couple of shots of tequila. I was sexually frustrated, angry, and alone. On a busy bar. And if it was an hour earlier, I could have gotten with a decent looking guy. Brought him home, covered his face while I imagined Bradley Cooper. But no. It was almost two a.m and the men left in the bar were mostly fours. Maybe a couple of fives, since I've had a little bit to drink.

"Hey, Bernardo," I called out to the bartender who wordlessly gave me another shot. I gulped it down, feeling the burn on my throat and the slap of a thousand tiny fairies on my cheek. "Why can't I find a good man? Why Bernardo, why?"

Bernardo, bless his poor soul, shrugged.

I took it as a sign to continue my rant. "You were right. That guy is a creep! He is a sex offender. Didn't they have to have like this-" I motioned for a placard of some sorts but my hands were more drunk than I thought and I succeeded in only making wild, circular gestures. "-sign that said they were sex offenders?"

Again, Bernardo shrugged.

I groaned at the bartender's silence and put my elbows up into the counter, burying my face momentarily in my arms. In my silence, I felt someone slide into the seat next to me and order a whiskey sour.

What a fucking cunt drink, I thought to myself.

"That's rich, coming from someone who drinks a gin martini," a sultry voice replied, encased in a rich chuckle which dripped of sarcasm and contempt. I immediately knew who it was.

I looked up and met dark, brooding eyes and a sly smile. It was the devil apprentice Eve. She had her dark, midnight hair flowing down her back without any curl or a wave. It framed her perfectly heart-shaped face. But she looked different. The usual frightening horns and tail were missing, and, as the seductress continued to smile at me, so were her fangs. Her crimson-red skin also became an even, fair olive tone, free of any blemishes. She glowed in the dark. With a little dress of her own, I have to admit Eve is gorgeous. So gorgeous it made me want to hit on her.

"Have I seen you here before?" I asked brazenly, straightening up. Inhibitions out the window.

"Perhaps," was her demure answer before sipping on her drink and feigning ignorance. It set my blood on a fiery excitement as never before.

"I never miss a pretty face. My name is Sarah Sanders."

The corner of her lips perked up into a smile that she tried to hide. "Weren't you the president's Secretary?"

"I quit. Very demanding job."

"I heard you fled like a Guatemalan refugee."

"I have no other comment regarding that issue," I grinned. "How about you? What's your name?"

"Florence Nightingale."

"No kidding? Weren't you burned at the stake?"

"No, the heat never seemed to bother me so I survived."

We both burst out laughing and I whisked a lone tear from the corner of my eye as we started our banter again.

"What do you do for a living?" I asked, leaning in closer to her and letting her bewitching scent fill my nose.

"I am a professional coin finder. I spend all day looking for loose coins. And you?"

"Ah, I am a brain surgeon for gerbils."

"Very lucrative work, I assume?" Eve raised an eyebrow and swirled her drink lazily.

"You cannot imagine. I go through ten a day! Of course, none of the little rascals ever survive but they make for a good taxidermy collection."

Languidly, the devil seductress laughed at my humor and I've never felt more alive. It was quite a novel feeling, seeking validation from the literal ruler of Hell, but maybe it was the tequila. Maybe it was something else. The next half hour I spent trying to make her laugh in increasingly ridiculous fashion, from telling stories about my neighbors to doing slapstick comedy out of desperation. How riveting. I wanted the devil—the actual ruler of hell—to like me. We were only ever interrupted when Bernardo made the last call from the bar.

"Oh come on, Bernardo," I groaned, but proceeded to settle my tab and Eve's anyway.

"What do you say to taking a little walk back to your place?" my dark-haired companion suggested, running a finger up and down my arm. I stood up in a heartbeat and dragged her out.

"So, how did your date go?" Eve asked before snaking an arm around my elbow and holding on to me as we both took the scenic route to my house. The night air caressed my skin. Cold, a little humid. I looked up and saw the slightest sign of the moon. It was a little shy that night. Eve and I were a picture of a normal couple out for a midnight stroll. Only that we weren't and that she is the devil.

"Horrible. I mean, it was good for a little while, but then I found out that he is a sex offender."

"And you're not into that?" the woman beside me asked, an evil smile on her face.

"I'm a terrible human and all, but I'm not that bad. Plus it kinda turned me off just knowing that he lied to me."

"But he didn't. He just failed to mention a couple of important details. Sure one of them was about messing with a child, but whatever."

"That's called lying," I whined.

"Oh? Silly me. How could I have known otherwise?" Eve stopped me and made me face her. Under the moonlight, she looked at me fiercely with her glittering pitch-black eyes. It made my breath hitch up my throat. "Don't be sad, Lily ," the devil said as she brushed a finger on my cheek. "There are plenty of other opportunities for you to find someone. I'll make sure of that."

Lily I didn't know if it was my drunken stupor or if it was me just going completely bonkers, because I could have sworn that we kissed. Or she kissed me. Or I kissed her. Either way, I found myself in front of my house in a blink. I was now alone. She poofed me. Then I remembered that I have brought a car to the bar with me and was about to go into full panic mode when I saw my Jetta parked right in my garage. And I went inside my house then, too tired to question reality. I petted Thing and slumped down on the couch, ignoring the fact that the bar is a fifteen-minute drive away and that I just started walking with Eve not even a minute ago.

I'm going crazy. I swear.





Chapter 7: Mike


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 7: Mike

Chapter 7: Mike





I woke up at 6 am with the grinding, obnoxiously loud whirring of a lawnmower from my neighbor's yard. Whirr. A guttural whine rose up from my throat sounding like a beached whale, and instantly the nausea from my drinking last night hit me. I tried to cover my ears with both my hands, but to no avail. The incessant grind and whirr of the machine pierced through my poor defenses and made me curse colorfully. Having had enough, I stood up with haste and all the righteous anger that a hungover person should have which proved to be a bad idea because I almost puked my guts out from the sudden movements. It took me a couple of seconds to center my body and stop my world from spinning before I even managed to gasp at the fact that I was not on my bedroom. I was in my living room. Which only meant one thing: I got hammered last night.

From the background, the sound of the lawnmower seemed to grow louder and louder, making the veins on my temple pop up.

There was someone mowing their fucking yard at 6 am in the morning.

I burst through my front door, not caring that I was still in last night's clothing. My feet carried me towards my other neighbor's house and I marched up straight at Tilda, my hipster spinster neighbor who is currently mowing her lawn without a care in the world.

Suppose you could say that Tilda was a stalky woman—very stiff in regards to the way she conservatively dressed and spoke. Clear features, with a distinct little mole on the underside of her left eye. Then there was this ever-present blank, almost soulless smile she used frequently. Especially at me. It never failed to make me uncomfortable.

"Good morning, Lily. You look like you had a rough night."

She had a mop of frizzy blonde curls, a pale complexion. She had fluttery gestures and expressions—frowns, smiles, pouts—each one following the other so closely that it looked like her face was in constant motion. The sentence she uttered, in and of itself, didn't mean more than what it should have said. But the middle-aged woman's scorn and little judge-y gaze spoke volumes which irritated me further.

"Out of all the times in the day, Tilda, you choose dawn to mow your fucking yard. Couldn't you have fucking mowed your lawn at noon?"

The older woman had the audacity to look offended, giving me a look of absolute innocence. "I don't appreciate that kind of language, young lady. Especially not so early in this beautiful morning with all this great sunshine!"

I made a sound that in no way can be described by the English language.

"It's not so beautiful and great when you wake half the neighborhood with that god-awful noise! And Jesus christ! How old is that thing?" I pointed to her raggedy, clunking mess of a machine she called a lawnmower which, by the way, she hadn't bothered to turn off since I started talking to her.

"I'm trying to be as zero waste as possible to lessen my carbon footprint in this world. If this old thing still works, it's fine with me. You should try caring about the world sometime too. I see your mountain of your trash every week. Sad, really. Sad."

I was about ready to throw hands when I felt myself being held back by strong arms and a clear voice spoke from behind me.

"Hello, Tilda. You look very lovely today," Greg spoke up and smiled at the older woman, charming her easily with his unnaturally good looks. He was still dressed in his nightwear: old sweatpants and a white wifebeater which clung to his torso nicely.

"Young man, you are such a delight to talk to. Such a contrast to this—" Tilda looked at me scornfully. "—woman dressed scantily." On my own property, she forgot to include that.



"Forgive my friend here. She has a bit of a problem with sounds. A little loopy, if you know what I mean. So could I ask you a huge favor to maybe start the landscaping a little later this afternoon?" Greg plastered a roguish grin on his face.

"Of course! You're such a good friend, Greg. That girlfriend of yours is so lucky. Have a nice day!"

And without even sparing me a glance, Tilda turned her back to us and merrily parked her atrocious lawnmower back in her garage, leisurely walking towards her front door and giving Greg a final wave. But for the life of me, I could not just let this issue go. So armed with the rage and energy of a teenage boy having just chugged a shit ton of Red Bull, I cried out in fury: "And you know you're killing your grass when you cut them, right?! You—you...grass killer! Weed murderer!"

"Okay, that's enough," Greg put both hands on my shoulder and gently ushered me aside as we both saw a ghastly expression come out of Tilda's face before she disappeared into her house. It was worth it.

"Get off of me," I shrugged Greg's hands off my shoulders, hating to be manhandled like that. Who gave him the fucking right?

Before long, I felt green eyes stare at me up and down, taking in my disheveled appearance and smeared makeup. Greg's eyebrow quirked up and he callously made the mistake on commenting about my appearance.

"You look like you had a rough night."

"You know what? Fuck you, Greg, you fucking motherfucker," I spat out with the eloquence and grace of an eighteenth century poet before marching back inside my house. I've always had that creative soul in me. I was too tired and too hungover to argue with him.

And to say I slept for another ten hours after that was no exaggeration. There was no stopping my inner slumber monster. I'm young, questionably single, have decent amount of money, and I am going to sleep through the apocalypse if I wanted to because that is what being an adult is all about: making decisions for yourself and suffering the consequences of those decisions in the later years of your life. Tomorrow problems for a tomorrow me.

But of course, I couldn't forget the date I have with the dreamy vet Mike. He had called a couple of times when I was passed out on my couch and left one voicemail asking about our dinner plans. I called him back and confirmed immediately which led me to this dilemma: I had another date in two hours and I haven't even showered away the scent of regret and vomit on my skin.

I had to be brave enough to do my mascara in the car and forego my usual lipliner, but I managed make myself look decent enough. My beautiful locks of hair had to be put up in a tight ponytail—a measly sacrifice in order to give me enough time to do the rest of my makeup flawlessly. When I arrived at the Italian restaurant, Peccaminoso, I found Mike already seated and waiting for me. The guy was dressed casually, as the bistro didn't have a dress code. White button up neatly folded up to his elbows, black jeans and tan shoes. The shoes matched his belt, which told me a lot about his style. He knew how to dress himself, which is more than I can say about most of the men I've dated.

Peccaminoso, "Hello," Mike greeted me with a smile, standing up and giving me a small kiss on the cheek. He pulled up the chair for me and made sure I sat comfortably before taking his seat. Alright, this is going pretty smoothly. How could things possibly go wrong?

"I hope you didn't mind, but I already ordered a bottle of wine for us. A Dolcetto . I've been to Italy and this is one of the best wines I've ever tasted."

Dolcetto "Sure," I gave him a toothless smile as he poured us both a glass from the bottle.

"To fate which has brought us together," Mike tipped his wine glass to me and made our glasses clink in the slightest. I brought the glass to my lips and took a tentative sip. The wine was fruity and mildly sweet, and it had a full body taste to it like all red wines do. I found that I didn't like it. I like my wine to have a little peppery hint and to be bolder in taste. Bold and pronounced like I am. But I smiled and put my glass down politely, striking up a conversation after the server took our orders.

"This place is nice," I commented, to which the guy across me beamed at.

"Of course. I chose this place. I know the makings of a great restaurant. So, what do you do for a living?" Mikes asked me.

"I used to work as a personal trainer. But I quit. It wasn't my passion."

"I can understand that," Mike sympathized. "I love animals and being able to treat them, but I always feel like I was destined for more."

We waited for our food patiently and I tried to keep the conversation going. Mike seemed like a really great guy. Well-read, intelligent and seemed sweet. He certainly didn't look like he would turn out to be a sex offender. We talked for a while and twenty minutes later, our food came out.

"—But, like a good son, I humored my parents and earned a degree in something I vaguely liked."

I nodded my head, twirling pasta with my fork as patiently listened to Mike talk.

"And us veterinarians always get put down by medical professionals. Saying we're not 'real' doctors. If I'm not real, then that tumor on your poodle can't be real either, Karen," the guy grunted, taking a bite out of his garlic knot. "Right?"

"Oh, definitely."

I humored the vet, listening to his tales. He seemed to like talking, which was fine with me. Men should talk more and get involved. And certainly, the occasional showing of his dimples as he talked was reward enough for me. He really is cute.

"How about you? What about your parents?"

"My parents are small-time businesspeople who are now retired at Staten Island. Ho—"

"That's great," Mike dismissively cut me off. "My parents are both molecular biologists and they think they have the right to identify what the 'harder' sciences are." Mike took a sip of wine before starting again. "Guess what? All sciences are hard. And they pay shit. At least here, people actually care about their pets enough to have them checked so there's money."

I nodded, beginning to want to be anywhere else but in this place.

"Have I mentioned that I've been to Italy? And Machu Picchu? I swear, the culture in there and the people. Oh, the people! They're so different. I believe once in our lives we should just go out and explore a different country. It will totally give you character."

"I've been to Japan once."

"The orient!" Mike cried out in awe. "Such a great place. Personally, I haven't been to Japan. But I have been to Singapore and Malaysia during one of our veterinarian's international conventions."

"Great."

"You bet it is. Did you know that Singapore's mascot is the Merlion? It's a mythical creature with the head of a Lion and the body of a fish. I saw it at the Merlion Park when I went there last year. A beauty to behold."

"Oh?"

"But I'm sure you must be fond of beaches. You have such a great tan. I personally recommend Hawaii, if you want to visit places in this country. Florida have great beaches, but so does Cali. But if you ever wanna go lose yourself—"

And I did lose myself then. I lost myself as my thoughts drifted off from our conversation which is mostly about him. It has been almost entirely about him for an hour now and we haven't even gotten to our dessert yet. Mike is charming and cute, but he talked extensibly about himself. I decided to put on my nicest smile and interrupt him mid-sentence about his love for Greece.

"Excuse me for a second."

And then I stood up and left the table to head towards the the bathroom. I decided then and there that I had to get out of this date and quick. Mike is fucking boring. But I still had to do it nicely and politely, since he is Thing's vet and I'm not sure if I can find any other cute vets in these areas. Furthermore, I can't just walk out of there. I already thought of it, but there was only one way out of that restaurant and it was in plain view from our table.

I sighed and washed my hand as I thought really hard about how I was going to slip out of this mess.

"Need some help?"

By now, I was familiar with Eve's voice and I couldn't help but feel a slight ounce of relief from seeing the shapely figure of the devil's apprentice smugly leaning against the bathroom wall and looking at me with her little lopsided grin.

It was fucked up how I was happy to see the devil.





Chapter 8: Exhibit C


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 8: Exhibit C

Chapter 8: Exhibit C





"Need some help?"

"Need some help?" "Oh, thank God you're here!" I wailed and almost threw myself at the crimson-skinned devil looking at me.

"Excuse me? I'm literally the devil and you're thanking Go—"

Before she could finish her sentence, I put a finger on her lip to silence her and without missing a beat, grabbed a handful of her shirt and dragged her out of the women's bathroom to peek at Mike sitting happily at our table, drinking his shit wine.

shit "Okay, listen. I can't fucking sit there and listen to him yapping any longer. He's a fucking narcissist," I complained.

"You know, you can just tell him that you don't like him and then part ways after this night," Eve suggested with a little smile. "But then again, that's not your style, is it?"

"Listen, if I wanted to get judged I would have climbed up to heaven myself to meet St. Peter."

Eve laughed. "There's the fire that I wanted to see. Off you go then, that nice shirt he has on gives me an idea."

I gave a sigh of relief and smoothened out my shirt, making an effort to fix my appearance before forcing the edges of my mouth to form an accommodating smile. With a little push to my butt from Eve, I was off.

"Hey, sorry it took so long."

I took my seat once again and looked across the table at Mike who never took his eyes off of me.

"It's okay. I'm sorry if it took me this long to say this, but you look incredible, Lily," the vet complimented with his charming little smile and it broke my heart that behind this debonair of a man is an absolute white canvass of a personality.

I giggled, turning my head slightly to the side and giving him ample view of my supple neck before batting my eyelashes at him—a move that usually rendered men into blubbering messes. It gave me such a rush to see him swallow the lump on his throat and chuckle lowly, trying to act indifferent to the fire I just ignited in his groins.

While the vet from across me reeled from my own seduction, a server appeared from the corner carrying a tray with glasses full of red wine. The server moved in slow motion, and I could not take my eyes off of him. He approached our table little by little, going on about his work as usual. Then just as he passed by Mike, he seemed to trip on thin air.

I watched the next events with a beaming smile on my face.

The red liquid first sloshed within the glasses. Shiny, red and wet . As the server kept falling down, the wine glasses were tipped beyond a certain point where they were supposed to keep their contents inside. Gravity took over. The shimmering red wine to sloshed out of the glasses and into Mike's pristine white dress shirt. The vet gasped in surprise and accidentally dropped his cutlery on the floor.

wet Chaos ensued.

Mike got up angrily, screaming about his ruined shirt. The server apologized fervently and tried to appease the vet by patting at his shirt with his table napkin. The red wine spread even more. The satisfaction I felt when I saw the broken bottle of wine I saw on the floor is immeasurable. Dolcetto . His shitty wine.

Dolcetto I excused myself, not knowing if Mike heard me or not. He was too busy arguing to the server and going on about his fancy dress shirt from Paris that he didn't seem to notice me missing. He'll probably call later that night and apologize and I would be all cool and say it was alright. But the damage was already done: he would be too embarrassed to ask me for another date. I almost felt bad for the server. Almost being the key word here. I was too happy to care.



With my clutch in hand, I exited the restaurant with a big 'ol grin and found Eve waiting for me outside. She was on her disguise again. Olive complexion, without the usual accoutrements of someone temporarily ruling Hell (i.e. pointy horns, fangs, and tail). This time, her midnight hair was put up into a bun with soft tendrils of silky waves framed her face. It made her eyes pop. Eve blended beautifully with the people around us as she had on simple jeans, platform boots and a black tie top that stopped midriff, showing the hints of her bare stomach. I found myself drawn to the sight until I had to force myself to tear my gaze away from temptation.

The devil matched the almost sinister smile that I had and looked at me curiously as I began to approach her.

"So, how was it?" she asked, crossing her arms and tilting her head slightly.

"Remind me not to mess with you while I have on expensive shirts?" I threw back and we both burst out laughing.

"Come, walk with me."

Eve held out her arm and I took it. The air has begun to feel a little colder now that it was almost the end of the year. But the devil's skin gave off an oddly comforting warmth that made me want to wrap it around me.

"Oh, by the way, St. Peter retired from the pearly gates. It's St. Oliver who is charge of all the judging now," Eve casually announced, destroying the way I will see pop culture from now on. "So I take it the second one's no good either, huh?"

"These men you keep pairing up with me are horrible. I mean, a sex offender and a blabbermouth narcissist? What's next, a politician and a vegan? Ugh!"

Eve laughed softly and ushered me to cross the street, flipping off a couple of men who catcalled us as we continued to walk down the avenue. "Hey, I just went with the best possible mates for you to breed with and produce genetically superior children. Those men are strong—one was particularly intelligent—and have good genes. What's not there to like?"

"Maybe you should have considered their criminal records and the reasons why they're still single. Mike is cute but he could outtalk a Jehovah's witness. And don't me get started on Damien!"

"I'm the devil. I don't concern myself with petty laws you humans have created. As far as I know, I gave you what you wanted."

"Right," I said sarcastically. "Thank you."

"You're welcome," Eve nodded, sounding like she wasn't even listening. She craned her head, looking for something until she spotted a particular place and a smile graced her features. Her grip on my arm tightened. Walking faster, she dragged me along with her and we stopped in front of an ice-cream shop. A Taste of Heaven .

A Taste of Heaven "Let's go inside."

That took me by surprise for a split second. "You want to have ice cream?"

The devil nodded eagerly, giving me a toothy smile. It...was cute. "I've always wondered what a banana split tastes like."

"Oh," was the only word I could conjure up, too shaken by the smile she just gave me. "Okay?"

And so I walked into an ice cream shop with the devil in tow. It sounds like the start to a bad joke. But there was no humor to the way I see her. I ordered Eve a banana split with all the toppings. Feeling bold, I got Jalapeño ice cream for that much needed spice. Because my night with Mike took away all the excitement that I have ever felt in the last two decades of my existence. He is vanilla ice cream. No, he doesn't even deserve to be labeled as ice cream. He is milk.

"This is sooo good!" Eve moaned in delight as she enjoyed her frozen treat. I myself couldn't help a little smile as I stumbled upon the rare sight of the devil enjoying ice cream. Ice cream , for fuck's sake.

Ice cream

"So, I was thinking," I started, trying hard to mentally drown out the happy noises from Eve that was turning all the male attention on us.

Eve paused her scandalous way of devouring her banana to cast me a sarcastic look. "You thinking? That's an interesting concept."

devouring "Fuck off for a second, Eve," I retorted. "Anyway, I was thinking that I still have, like, three months to conceive right? So how about I just use this time to find love?"

The devil made a face that looked like she just sucked a lemon and she put her spoon down finally. "Love? That's disgusting. Why do you want love when you can just go out and have fun with everyone you like?"

"Because I'm not getting younger, Eve. Who knows, maybe this whole messed up ordeal brings me my true love."

The devil disguised as a normal human woman in front of me groaned. "You're twenty eight. And thanks for ruining my appetite with human love." And for added effect, she shivered.

human love." "What wrong with love?"

"Love is boring, not to mention pointless and disgusting. Now sex, sex is fun!"

"You know sex was invented by God to procreate, right?"

"Heh, God may have invented sex but we are the ones who taught humans it was fun! " I didn't even want to know how that came be.

fun! "Eve...have you never fallen in love before?"

The question caught the devil off guard. And she thought about it for a second. Just an opinion, but if someone ever had to think about whether they have been in love or not, they probably haven't. And the devil was no exception.

"No?" she answered. "I have no soul. I'm not capable of love."

Huh. Tough luck. So we stood at an impasse. I wanted love and feelings, Eve wanted babies and world domination. But I think we can work it out.

"Listen, I will deliver what you want but let me do it my way and meet potential husbands. Give me a guy with a house, a car, and money," I cried out. "Come on. I am your favorite, right?" I puckered my lips into a pout and playfully batted my eyes at the dead-eyed woman in front of me.

"That doesn't work on me."

"Eve!"

The devil gave in, rolling her eyes. Probably annoyed. "Fine. But I'm telling you this: statistically, 90% of relationships formed before the age of thirty eventually break up."

"I'll take my chances."

"Wow you really are bad at math."

And that is why I went on a journey not only to get pregnant and pay off my debt to the devil, but also to find my true love. Multitasking, bitches. Easier said than done, though. Remember how I said that I had the most shitty luck with men? Turns out, having the devil make it rain testosterone on me didn't help my chances.

"Oh, Thing. Why are good men so hard to find these days?" I told my woes to the fat cat on my shopping cart. Thing only took a second to look at me before rolling over and going back to her sleep. "You look like a single, independent feline who don't need no man. What's your secret?"

As a response, Thing only meowed at me as if telling me to ' Shut the fuck up '.

Shut the fuck up "Ugh, okay fine. But if you tell me that premium cat food is the secret, I'm eating it all up. I'm des-pe-rate."

Premium cat food is probably not the secret, since Thing still refuses to eat it. What kind of cat is she? I sighed and picked up a bag of rice and put it my cart. Then I went on another trip to the deli meat section and snagged some ham, as well as a couple of whole rotisserie chickens for Thing. It just occurred to me then that I was running low on tampons, so I made a quick trip to the sanitary pad and tampon aisle to pick out a box. By the way, what the fuck made God decide that women should have to shed their internal stuff every goddamn 28 days if they're not impregnated, huh? What, is it like some divine punishment for not procreating? The cramps, Jesus christ, the cramps. The PMS, the acne breakouts, the thousands of dollars worth of ruined sheets and pants!

shed Because of my internal rage, I dropped the box I was holding and it made me curse again. I bent down and was about to pick my box of tampons up when someone else picked it up and handed it back to me.

"Here you go," a deep voice said which automatically made me straighten up my posture and made me recall if I had on makeup. The presence of makeup on my face will dictate my next course of action. No makeup: run for the hills. A little mascara and some blush: Welcome to fuckdome.

Welcome to fuckdome. I remembered I put on some light makeup. Good to go.

"Thanks," I smiled at the kind stranger who picked it up for me. I raised an eyebrow, giving the guy a microsecond once over and liking what I saw. Hmmmm. Not bad. Angular, asian features. Broad shoulders. He was tall, four inches taller than me and slim in build. But he was lean. Very lean. He maintained eye contact with me and I assumed he was interested so I put on my flirtiest smile and waved my hand. "Sorry. Butterfingers."

Hmmmm. Not bad. "No, I get it. I drop stuff off all the time. I'm Ronnie," he offered his hand and I took it.

"Hey Ronnie, I'm Lily."

"That's a cute cat, by the way," he looked at Thing on my cart. "How much are they selling them for?"

I threw my head back and giggled at his joke, playfully slapping his arm and discreetly checking if it did indeed feel as hard as it looked. It did. "Oh, you. Her name is Thing. She's a rescue."

"That's so nice. Hi, Thing." And then he bent down to pet the lazy cat but at the very last second, Thing hissed causing him to jump back in surprise. Ronnie laughed it off. "Very lively. I love cats."

"You do? Awww. I love cats too!"

"That's amazing. How about your boyfriend? Does he love cats too?"

I grinned. This is too easy. "No he doesn't. Because I don't have a boyfriend."

His smile widened at my declaration and he took it as a go signal to hit on me. "How can a beautiful girl like you be single?"

"Oh, you know. Busy with career and life," I replied demurely.

"Tell you what? How about you tell me all about it over dinner? How's tomorrow night sound?"

"That is smooth, mister."

"Well, that's me. I go for the things that I want and never regret a thing. So how about that dinner, Lily? Want to regret nothing with me?"

"How could I possibly say no to that?"

And in the middle of the tampon aisle, I got my next date. Ronnie.





Chapter 9: Ronnie


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 9: Ronnie

Chapter 9: Ronnie





"Oh, Ronnie!" I cried out. Arched back, I felt him thrusting inside me. The car shook. My hands wandered his shirt-clad shoulders and I gazed into his eyes. Slowly, I wrapped my hands around his neck. Through the darkness of the vehicle, his eyes glittered. Then I gave it a gentle squeeze.

Lips latched on to my neck, sucking and leaving bruises. But I didn't care. I put both hands on the steering wheel to support myself. In the darkness of the night, inside his car, in an abandoned parking lot, we shared our passions. I felt so fucking dirty, but I loved it.

"Lily, fuck," he cried out in a garbled mess.

"I know, darling," I chuckled and urged him to go on.

It's been a couple of weeks since we first started going out and I could hardly believe my luck. Finally, a decent guy! Ronnie worked as an investment banker. He has a car, his own house and has good credit; in other words, he got his shit together. And more than the glamour and the material things which admittedly I did like, Ronnie makes me laugh so hard. He had a quirky and such an easy-going personality that it took off the edge of life's worries.

The car shook and the windows fogged up. I even put a hand on his windshield and recreated the famed titanic love scene, giggling to myself. A fine mess of tangled limbs and intertwined hands, holding each other close as the peak drew nearer. I bent my head to kiss him on the lips gently as we stumbled upon the edge. He howled in my ear. I saw him shake, emptied, collapsed forward and buried his head in my hair. Weak. Spent. And I soothed him, rubbing my hands all over his hair. A beautiful man. He smiled and tucked a strand of my hair behind my ear, kissing my cheek lovingly after. "You're out of this world."

"I know."

Ronnie and I just had the most amazing romantic getaway. He took me to the beach and spent the day with me despite his busy schedule. We bathed and sipped on margaritas as we watched the sun set. He was so attentive to my needs the whole afternoon. So as the very generous, appreciative person that I am, decided to let him have some fun of his own and played out one of his fantasies: a quickie in a public space.

"I hope it wasn't too uncomfortable doing it in my car," Ronnie whispered.

"You drive a Cadillac. What do you mean uncomfortable? It's like a five-star hotel in here." And then we laughed about our naughty little sexcapade as we got dressed. Our day was a blast but now that it was about to come close to an end and he was dropping me off at my house, I almost never wanted him to go.

"See you around, beautiful," Ronnie drew me closer and kissed me as I wrapped my arms around his neck. We kissed for a few moments before we reluctantly had to part because I felt my neighbor from across the street, Sue Ann, watching us.

"Bye, babe. Call me."

I waited until he drove away before I sighed dreamily, couldn't help the wide grin on my face. From across the street, on her window, Sue Ann gave me a thumbs up. And you know what? I returned that fucking thumbs up with all the enthusiasm that I had in this world.

Life is good.

Ronnie is a true gentleman. He treated me right, bought me expensive shit, and wined and dined the fuck out of me. He didn't seem fazed by my incessant need for control, or my unpredictable temperament. Because he wasn't like the rest of the guys I've date. He's a man. He's thirty-four, a little older than me but I figured I might as well go for mature men if I had goals to settle down.

"Oh, Thing," I sighed happily and cradled Thing in my arms. "When I have Ronnie's child and we get married, you're going to get to eat all the rotisserie chicken that you want. Even the bullshit organic free-range ones."



I made up my mind: this was it. He was it. Ronnie is going to be the one who'll save me from this literal hell. My saving grace. No, I am not in love. It's too early to tell. But I have loved in the past and I can definitely see myself with someone like Ronnie—no, not someone like Ronnie. Just Ronnie. I definitely have to thank Eve for listening to me and giving me the man I'm with. Suppose if I thank the devil, does that make me a Satanist? A devil worshipper, perhaps? Not that I was a big fan of Jesus in the first place, but being a devil worshipper is a little too much, you know?

He My galavanting with Ronnie was nearing it's third week when he invited me to be his date at a dinner party being hosted by his close acquaintances. Of course I said yes. According to Ronnie, it was expected for everyone to dress formally: women in their long gowns and the men in their white dinner jackets.

I chose to wear a flowing gown with wild poppy print on black background. My hair was up in a bun with bits of my wavy hair purposely out to accent my features. I bought an elegant, crystal hibiscus bloom hairpiece to accent my hair. Finally, I put a snake bracelet around the bicep of my right arm. When I inspected my self in the mirror, I found a suntanned young woman glowing with sultry vitality looking back at me. There was something primitive about the way I looked. Raw, elegant, and dangerous. Head held high, I exited our hotel bathroom and found Ronnie standing in the middle of the room. He wore the white dinner jacket tailored to his body perfectly. He isn't a big man by all means, but he was all hard and lean in all the right places. I took in the rest of his appearance: black trousers, neatly combed hair and freshly-shaven face.

I stepped forward and smiled at him.

"You look beautiful," he croaked out, taking in my appearance.

I laughed and reached out to fix his butterfly tie and smoothen out his jacket. He smelled manly. Finally, I reached out to cup his jaw and stand on my tip toes to give him a small kiss. I had already put on my makeup, so this is the only action he's going to get the whole party.

"You look very handsome," I returned the compliment, throwing him a mischievous smile.

We drove to the party together. Our hostess, the Holloways, had a wonderful estate near the beach and the dinner party was supposed to be held in their beachside mansion. The weather had been delightful for the last week, with temperatures bouncing everywhere between 75 and 80 degrees. It was nearing the end of November so on the mild nights, it was the high 60s.

Ronnie and I greeted the hosts, a middle aged gay couple who worked in finance with Ronnie. Ben and Simon Holloway jovially greeted each of their guests and they raved about my date and I as they gave us a quick tour of their mansion on the way to the dining room. The ballroom area was decorated with tall branches of red and white gladioli while the dining table was decorated with low arrangements of an assortment of flowers: daisies, sweetpeas, rosebuds, asters, and maidenhair ferns.

The Holloways served us seafood cocktail appetizers with chunks of crayfish, stone crabs and prawns. There were plenty of cocktails going around as we guests mingled. By the time we sat down for the mains, all of us were thoroughly lubricated with alcohol: at least tipsy. Ronnie ate the main dish, Alfredo pasta with bits of crispy bacons and sautéed veal, while I enjoyed the endive and romaine salad with dressing before we moved on to dessert. Strawberry and cucumber sorbet. And then it was to more drinking.

"What gracious hosts," I commented, looking over at the couple who just now brought out bottles and bottles of whiskey and pitchers of frozen vodka martinis.

"They're both alcoholics, what do you expect?" Ronnie softly laughed. "I'm surprised they didn't serve us tequila with their mains."

I gasped, hitting him softly at the chest. "Ronnie! Be nice."



We looked at each other before giggling and mingling with the other guests who are mostly Ronnie's clients, with some exception of his coworkers. And now I understood why the Holloways wanted to drink this night away. The guests they entertained were the most boring, superficial people I have ever met. I am not new to the life, but this bunch just takes the cake.

"So, Lily," Mrs. Tuille turned to me. "What does your parents do?"

It was a question far more than innocent. It is how they find out if you're old money or not.

"My parents are small-time businesspeople who are now retired at Staten Island," I replied simply, noticing Ronnie nodding along. Mrs. Tuille raised an eyebrow and took a sip of her cucumber peel martini before plastering a fake smile on her face.

"Oh? That's wonderful, darling."

According to Ronnie, I must also know who is sleeping with who in order to navigate the complicated conversations and not accidentally make some enemies. Mrs. Tuille, for example, is sleeping with her best friend's husband, Mr. Rightley. Mr. Rightley's wife is in turn, screwing her husbands secretary and the businessman Mr. Goldman. Mr. Goldman, as classics go, makes a full circle as he's also sleeping with Mrs. Tuille.

I was in a conversation with another circle of STDs when I felt a tap on my shoulder and I turned around to find a striking woman dressed in a long, jungle-green gown snug at the chest and hips, suspended only by shoelace-thin straps on her shoulders. A choker of diamonds wrapped itself around her unlined neck. I felt Ronnie tense up beside me.

"Excuse me, but I believe that's my husband you're with," came her surprisingly level voice.

"Teresa!"

In shock, I turned to Ronnie who didn't dare meet my heated glare. "You have a wife?!"

Several guests turned to us for a second after I raised my voice but upon seeing the marital fight about to happen, shrugged their shoulders and went back to drinking.

"Lily, I—" Ronnie started to explain, sweat beading on his forehead.

"Ronnie, dear," Teresa started, voice sickly-sweet. "Don't you think you've embarrassed me enough for tonight?"

I broke out of my hold on his arm and faced him, cheeks turning red and nostrils flaring in anger. "What the fuck, Ronnie?!"

"Excuse me, but do we have a problem here?" Simon Holloway entered the scene, regarding us with a small smile while his husband followed behind him.

"Hey, hey," Ben Holloway said, quite happily. "A family fight! Just what every party needs."

"Ben, would you shut up?" Simon now glared at his husband.

"Don't tell me to shut up. This is my house."

I shook my head, feeling the beginnings of a tear welling up from my eyes. Betrayal. My feet walked on their own and I got the hell out of the ballroom. I could hear Ronnie's calls behind me and the string quartet playing still in the background, but I ran and ran until I found myself in a room. Away from the party, away from them all. I sighed, feeling the salty ocean breeze and made my way to the veranda overlooking the ocean.

It was a dark balmy night; no moon, but only a painted sky. There were streaks of purple and a dashing of starlight. The air carried a calming, crisply salty scent that blended with the waves crashing on the nearby rocks. A true paradise. But I was miserable.

"God fucking dammit. Fuck this!" I cursed out loud, slamming my hands on the marble banister as the first tears fell.

"Watch your language," a sultry voice from behind me said, making me angrier.

"Fuck you, motherfucker! I can say whatever the fuck I want!" I cried out, turning around to find Eve smirking lazily at me. The air shifted and the same smell of fragrant flowers reminding me of spring clung to my nose. "Of course, you're here!" A tear finally ran down my cheek and I fought back a sob as I hastily wiped it away.

Eve started walking, not taking her dark-eyes off of me. My heart started to pound. Finally, we stood toe to toe and she raised her hand. I naturally flinched before I felt a gentle hand cupping my face and a thumb caressing my cheek. Gentleness I've never felt before.

"I'm sorry," Eve whispered.

The string quartet, the murmurs of the party, the laughter and the merriment became muted and I almost swore a different music played in the background. Eve started to change in front of my eyes and before I knew it, her horns and devilish appearance melded and faded away. The only thing remaining was her dark, brooding eyes glistening in the night.

"Dance with me," Eve asked, pulling me closer to her. Her usual top and sarong was replaced with a tight, tailored black tuxedo. Alluring, irresistible. I sighed and rested my hands on her shoulders as the music totally replaced the background noise.

sarong And then we slow danced.

"I fucking hate you, you know that?" I whispered after a while, resting my head on her shoulders and feeling it bob up and down as the devil apprentice laughed. What a sound.

"You asked for a guy with a house, a car, and money. I gave you what you asked for."

I groaned and pinched her side, making her jump and giggle. "You set me up with a married man!"

"Who has a house, a car, and money," Eve reasoned, twirling me around. "And I mean you two met in the tampon aisle. Do you think he just casually includes tampon appreciation in his grocery shopping habits as a bachelor?"

"You're an asshole, you know that?"

Eve merely gave me a toothy grin before pulling me in again. "All men who have houses, cars, and money have wives. This is modern times, Lily. Keep up."

Somehow, I felt better. Eve still fucked me over royally and I would give anything not be in her debt, but I didn't know why as I looked into her brooding eyes, I didn't see emptiness; I saw a thousand burning stars that I have never seen before. Bright, consuming, warm. Familiar.

The devil smiled and with it, the wind howled in my ear.

"I love messing with you," she confessed, grinning at me.

"Fuck off," I groaned but couldn't help the small smile beginning to bloom on my face.





Chapter 10: Something Stupid


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 10: Something Stupid

Chapter 10: Something Stupid





"I know what you're thinking, you know?"

"I don't have any idea what you're talking about."

"Uhuh. Sure. So you mean to tell me you're not imaging that fat kid tripping and dropping his ice cream?"

I reeled at Eve's words but then the voice in my head whispered ominously to just admit it . The kid in question was the little boy I am currently looking at. Chubby and freckled—cute kid. His stomach bulged from the Steven Universe shirt he wore. Kid was about four feet high, eight or nine years old. He had a big stupid red hat on him and he was holding an ice cream cone on one hand and a pink balloon on the other.

just admit it I can almost envision it. He keeps skipping everywhere so in one unfortunate moment, he trips on a tree root. As he's falling, he doesn't know which one to prioritize: the balloon, the ice cream, or his face. And because he's still a dumb kid, he manages to mess up all three. The balloon slips out of his hand and as he tries to break his fall, he forgets that he's still holding the ice cream so he ends up smashing it on his face.

What really got the disturbing smile on my face is that somehow, I had created a tragic backstory for him. It's his birthday. And he got just enough money to buy one ice cream cone. It's his favorite flavor too. But because he's a good kid, he decides to give it to his sister instead. His sister who's sick and dying of cancer. But he tripped.

So now the kid has no balloon, no ice cream, and probably, no sister as the heartbreak of losing an ice cream worsened her condition and she died a tragic death.

"I just love how your mind works sometimes," Eve commented, pushing herself on the swing beside me. We both sighed sadly as the kid went on his merry way. No tripping, no dropping his ice cream, and no dead sister.

"We're all free to dream."

"Do you want me to turn back time and make him trip?"

"You can do that?" I turned to her, slack-jawed.

"Yeah. Manipulating reality, time and space. That's me. Just say the word," the devil boasted.

"No, are you crazy? I'm only evil in my thoughts," I said defensively.

"But like you humans say, it's the inside that counts." Eve snickered and went back to observing the people around us.

The devil apprentice and I were at the dog park at my insistence. It was a fairly hot afternoon. The air humid, the breeze warm. The leaves are just starting to turn a different color. Reddish, orange, reddish-brown. Children littered around the park, as well as the usual afternoon joggers going on about their routine exercise. From across the field a woman was playing catch with her Golden Retriever. A family of four sat down on a picnic a few feet away from her. I gazed over to my companion. Eve was on her human disguise again. Long sleeve tee and ripped jeans. Chucks on feet and beanie on her head, looking so much like an angsty teen than the ruler of hell. I was on my athletic wear, yoga pants and breathable top, ready for exercise. Aside from the devil, I also brought my cat along who as usual, lay beside my feet. Napping. I sighed exasperatedly at the cat.

"Come on, Thing. You need exercise!"

"I don't think she wants to go, though," Eve said.

"She has to. It's for her own good," I reasoned, pulling on Thing's leash but getting no response. Only a slight wag of her tail. Betrayal.

Eve scoffed. "That's rich coming from you."

"Why are you being a bitch? I mean, more so than usual?" I asked, my forehead creasing as I looked at the woman beside me. Eve was looking at her feet and kicking a few pebbles around. I couldn't help myself. "What, Hell got you down?"



"The jokes are starting to lose their charm, Lily."

But as she looked up and saw me, her unamused gaze turned around and she burst out laughing. I had tucked my upper lip into my front teeth and pushed my chin down to my chest, recreating the famous meme.

"What is wrong with your face?" The devil asked, laughing as I did it some more. "That's disgusting!"

"Wha? Am I not beautiful?" I asked. Eve's nose crinkled while she laughed and she tried to move away as I leaned over and pushed my face closer to her.

"Yes, you are."

That stopped my antics. Now it was Eve's turn to tease me. The devil's malicious smile penetrated my very being and I felt a little embarrassed as to how easily she could turn this situation on me.

"Stop that," I warned.

"Stop what?"

"That creepy smile."

"What, this?" Eve did it again. "Am I not beautiful?"

"I prefer your usual getup. You know, red skin. Horns. Annoying tail. You."

The devil paused from my revelation. I think she wasn't expecting me to say that. But I did prefer her demonic appearance. It was all her. When she was in her disguises like this one, it just sort of creeped me out. Plus, Eve as a normal human is super distracting. She looked almost ethereal. It sometimes makes me forget that she was actually the devil and not some fallen angel. Dangerous. Very dangerous.

"My, my. I did't know you had a kink," Eve teased, causing me to groan and drop the act completely.

"You know, when I asked you to hang out with me, I was expecting you to be a little nicer."

"I'm being nice!" Eve insisted deviously. "Can't you tell? Sugar, spice, everything nice. That's me."

"Why did you even drag me to this park?" Eve complained. "And don't tell me you want to get with him?" The devil pointed to a man across from us, walking his dog. But it was more like his dog was walking him.

The man appeared to be in his middle seventies. Possibly older. A gray beret sat atop his head, salt and peppers wisps of hair peeking from under it. Dull, messy. His arms seemed disproportionately long. He tended to lumber as he walked. Hunched shoulders, heavy head thrust forward. Silver cane in one hand and dog leash in the other of his keratosis discolored hands. A typical old guy.

"What is he gonna do, cram it inside me? Oh, please. The last time he got it up was probably in '96," I commented.

The devil guffawed in laughter beside me and she clutched her stomach, tears almost springing out from the corner of her eyes. Her laughter was surprisingly a pleasant sound. Eve shook her head, and a certain person caught her eye again. "Oh, oh! How about him?" she pointed to another man in the nearby bench, coddling his poodle.

I raised an inquisitive eyebrow and hummed, as if thinking hard. Eve looked at me expectantly, smile wide. The man was in his early forties. He wore a knotted silk ascot in the open neck of his short-sleeved shirt. His flower-patterned polyester slacks hurt my eyes.

"He'd probably miss the hole. On purpose," I said impishly.

Eve threw her head back again, giggling uncontrollably. "I get it! 'Cause he's gay, he's—" Eve slapped her thigh. "—he's gonna miss the hole!"

I bowed my head jokingly, quelling the imaginary applause from my imaginary audience as Eve's laughter cheered me on.

"Him! Do him next!"



"Oh, he's a tough one," I admitted. My statement was a conundrum because the next man was probably the easiest one to make fun of—a true classic: A priest. The poor priest walked with a couple of other men, discussing something. The bible, for all I cared. His bullet head was topped off with a brush of blond hair, stiff as stubble. He had rough features for a priest. I didn't even spare the rest of him another look after seeing the black dress shirt with the collar tucked backwards. I uttered a small apology to God for the next joke.

"I'm probably not his type," I concluded, sighing.

"Why?"

"Because I'm not nine, male, and I don't have balls," I finished. "Though I think he prefers his testicles as he prefers Jesus: undescended."

And I think I broke Eve with that joke. I saw her features lit up beautifully in the day. Her cries of laughter caught the attention of the men we were making fun of, causing us to laugh harder. Poor fellows left us, scratching their heads. I couldn't take my eyes off of my companion though.

"Un—" Eve wheezed, gripping my arm "Undescended. Because—" she struggled to take in air. "Because he doesn't want Jesus to come."

"A bit unfair, isn't it?"

To my shame, I laughed as hard as her. We almost killed ourselves that afternoon, just destroying every man that came within twenty feet of our vicinity. I wasn't purely to blame as Eve kept egging me on. Oh, I'm definitely going to hell now. There was no denying it. And frankly, it scared me shitless. But on the other hand, at least I knew the devil apprentice? I had connections, per se.

"I hate to burst your bubble, darling, but even I can't help you once you're in Hell. Torturing souls is not my department anymore," the devil admitted. "Though I do get to have special privileges to certain sinners who have committed heinous crimes."

"So what you're saying is that if I do something extremely horrible like a massacre of great proportions, you get to visit me in Hell?"

The devil tapped my cheek. "No need for massacres. Ten or so murders in the name of Satan usually does the trick."

I laughed at her statement but after several seconds of her dark eyes looking at me steadily, I realized she wasn't kidding. "No shit?" I gasped.

"Yeah, Satan's really generous to her fans. And we've got quite a lot of them. Fans, I mean."

I didn't know what to think of that information. Was that a life hack? No, that doesn't sound quite right. A death hack then? It got quiet between us for a moment. It has come to my immediate attention that I only had less than two months to get pregnant and find Mr. Right. The two of us are joking about it now, but the threat to my soul going to Hell is achingly real. Admittedly, the getting pregnant part was the easy part. It sounds disturbing, especially since I am a woman. But it takes no particular effort to snag a poor fool into siring a child with me. If I had no standards, that is. But since I'm already on this quest and I had Eve's questionable matchmaking skills at my disposal, I could afford to be a little choosy. I owed it to myself.

Aside from the pressing matter of owing the devil my firstborn child, I also had something that has been bugging me for quite some time.

"Hey, Eve."

"Yes?"

"Were you lying about the contract?"

The question took her by surprise. She sucked her teeth, holding my gaze. I didn't know if she was being sincere with me. I could only hope she was. "Listen, Lily. I know this might come as a shock to you, but I didn't lie. Contracts are sacred to demons."

"Then why can't I remember signing it?" I asked, desperate for answers to this dour situation I seemingly brought upon myself. "Why? It doesn't make sense to me."

The devil stayed quiet, avoiding my gaze.

"Eve, please tell me."

"No."

"Come on."

"I said no."

"Eve!"

"Lily," the devil addressed me sternly, face stoic. "I tolerate your casual antics because I'm quite fond of you. But I am still the devil and I hold your life in my hands. You will treat me with respect or I will make sure you never see the light of day again, do you hear me?"

Burning dark eyes pierced my being. I suddenly felt small. All my life, I fought to be seen and to be treated as an equal. To be heard. But now, she had reminded me what I was: insignificant.

"Sure," I replied through my gritted teeth. Eve eased up, tensed shoulders settling back down. Her gaze darted around the park, looking at every little thing. Every thing but me. I wasn't expecting for her words to sting me as much. For it to feel like a slap. I always prided myself for having thick skin. I needed it to live my life as a minority. But as I took a shaky breath, I realized it got to me more than I'd like. Because tears prickled the back of my eyelids and threatened to spill out.

Without another word, I scooped Thing up in my arms and walked away. I walked away because I wanted to keep what little dignity I had left. She was right. She did hold my life in my hands. And I was nothing but just an instrument to her grand plan. I probably seemed a little immature to just walk off like that, but I was properly hurt.

I drove home silently. Thing rubbed up against my hand a few times and I caressed her soft fur in response. What a cutie. Animals really did have empathetic sensibilities.

Sleep did not come easy for me that night. I was fuming. Because Eve confirmed something that I suspected for a while: she knew more about why I can't remember my contract and she's purposely withholding that information from me. She's playing me in her little palm. What an idiot I am. How foolish was I to even try to talk to her and connect with her. She's the devil. Of course, she doesn't care. But that wasn't the worse thing, no. The anger was a by-product.

Because the worst part is that I like her. And naively, I wanted her to like me back.





_________________________________

Author's Note:

Author's Note: Yes, I rewrote the whole story. Yes, you should probably reread. Yes, I hadn't slept for a full 24 hours because of it. Also, Yes I will be constantly editing the story on wattpad so prepare to be spammed. You're welcome.

Yes, I rewrote the whole story. Yes, you should probably reread. Yes, I hadn't slept for a full 24 hours because of it. Also, Yes I will be constantly editing the story on wattpad so prepare to be spammed. You're welcome.





Chapter 11: Greg


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 11: Greg

Chapter 11: Greg





The room smelled faintly of Channel No. 5 and sex. Soon, cigarette joined the heady mix. The window drapery was not closed properly and the beaming golden sun reached Greg's naked front. I traced the shadows over his skin with a gentle finger as I supported my head on my hand, elbows planted on soft sheets.

"I've gotten a little pudgy around the stomach," he admitted. My finger danced at his happy trail, the soft bristles providing an interesting sensation. Greg blew a plume of smoke at the ceiling. "So Liz put me on the paleo diet."

Scandalous, I thought to myself. My eyes went over the rest of his body. Tanned skin stretched taut by bones. Greg was still a muscly bulk, but he was right. A few months ago, his stomach was washboard with the hints of a decent six-pack going on. I enjoyed the sight of it flexing, especially while he stood between my thighs. Now his abdomen was pudgier; not fat by all means, but softer.

"Greg, you're a grown man. You don't need your girlfriend telling you what to do."

"Yeah, but Liz just cares. You don't mind?" he asked, turning to look at me with a little sheepish smile.

"Trust me, as long as you're still able to get it up and give me orgasms, I couldn't care less."

"That's what I thought."

The two of us chuckled to ourselves. We're truly terrible people. I reached over to him and took the cigarette dangling from his mouth, putting it between my lips and taking a deep breath. Smoke filled my lungs and I held it there for a second. Then I blew the grayish cloud upwards, dissipating into the air. I handed the stick back to him.

"You ever wonder about the meaning of life?" I asked.

"Quite a lot. More times than I am willing to admit in public."

Greg hand pressed on the indentation on my waist, touched the hardness of my thigh. He stroked the flatness of my abdomen. I welcomed his caresses.

"What do you think is the answer?"

"42," said Greg with a chuckle. I struck him with a clenched fist.

"Idiot," I mumbled, turning over my back. I stared off into the ceiling. There was a sunken disk lamp overhead. It was turned off at the moment.

"I suppose the meaning of life is whatever we make it to be," Greg replied after a while. He reached over to his beside and put his cigarette out on the ashtray. The bed shook slightly from his ministrations. Greg slipped back on the bed, adjusting his body so that he was also staring at the ceiling.

"That's the most non-answer answer I have ever heard."

Greg shrugged. "I suppose. But I think people get too hung up on thinking that the meaning of life is a singularity. When we think of the meaning of life, we think of only an idea. But the meaning of life can also be a rock. A song. A feeling."

"We have to smoke weed sometimes. If this is you before drugs, I'd like to talk to you when you've had some," I chuckled, but I patted his forearm reassuringly, letting him know that I understood what he meant.

"Oh, is that an invitation to hang?" Greg teased.

It was odd. Greg and I have been sleeping together for more than a year already, but we've never bonded. Not like this. We fucked, then we went on our regular days and worked. Sometimes, we'd watch Neflix together. But then we'd fuck some more by the end of the night. Admittedly, before our feud, I have always thought that he was kind of a cool dude. And he is. Then the terrible realization dawned on me that Greg and I may have started being friends already. The thought made me cringe.



"What's wrong?"

"I know I hate your guts, but are we actually starting to be friends right now?" I stated with a sour face.

Greg threw his head back and laughed. "Well, don't look so disappointed. I hate you too."

I couldn't help a small smile because of that.

"What do you think about the afterlife?"

Greg pondered for a moment. "I was raised Catholic. So I believe in the afterlife. Heaven, Hell all that jazz."

I didn't want to divulge him or confirm anything. How would you feel if someone spoiled the big ending for you? Instead, I hummed and rested my head on his shoulders. He drew me closer and we settled into a comfortable silence.

"How about you?" Greg asked after a while.

"I'm agnostic. I don't really believe in religion, and so afterlife is just something that seemed like a fairy tail for me."

"Seemed?"

"Recently, I've been thinking. Evaluating my life choices, you know?"

"And?"

"And nothing. It just made me think. Heaven, hell. Either way, we all got to go somewhere eventually. Karma."

"Speaking of Karma. I know my religion will burn me for this, but I actually believe in reincarnation," the guy admitted. "That may be because I believe in a soul. Souls just don't disappear after death. They're too precious."

I lifted a hand and caressed his face shortly. His five o'clock shadow teased my palms.

"You've thought about this a lot, huh?" I asked with a grin and he slapped my hand away playfully, chuckling deeply.

"Yes. I mean, horrible people just can't be horrible and then have no repercussions to their actions. Divine intervention or not."

"We're horrible people," I reminded him.

"Exactly," he agreed. But then he shook his head with a little laugh of his own. "We are."

We got quiet again. I thought about what Greg said. I reference reincarnation a lot, but I never actually thought about it much. Buddhist reincarnation is different from modern reincarnation theory. In Buddhism, the worse you are as a person, the lower the life form that you're going to be in the next life. And I thought, I am indeed terrible. But I'm not shoot-down-people-you-hate kind of terrible. So probably, a toad then? Maybe even a rabbit?

"Can I ask you something personal?" I broke the silence between us.

"You stuck a finger up my butt. What could be more personal than that?" Greg snorted, making me elbow him to the side. He groaned when sharp bone connected with his ribs.

"Shut up, asshole."

"Okay. Shoot then, what's your question?" He turned and faced me, fluffing his pillow so that we could be eye to eye. It was strangely intimate.

"Why did you break up with me?"

The question made him pause and raise his brows. "Boy, that's a loaded question."

I rolled my eyes and poked him. "No jokes this time. I want to know."

Greg hummed. "I know I called you a bitch. And I still think that you are."

"Hey!"

The guy chuckled and raised his hands in defense. "Hold up, let me explain. You are a bitch, but that wasn't my issue with you. You have a chip on your shoulder. You tend to look at the world as if it's always out to get you."



"I'm a woman in the minority who used to work in a male dominated career. Of course the world is out to get me," I answered defensively, raising an eyebrow.

"And I know that. Hell, I hate it just as much as you because it affects the women in my life too. But again, it's you. You have a lot of internalized rage. You also don't trust anyone. It's very hard to get close to you because as much as you are physically reachable, you are miles away on the inside."

I listened to him speak with wide eyes.

"I think you always want to be in control because somehow, at one point in your life, you were denied of it. And so you lash out. Not violently, of course. But in self-destructive ways."

"You've thought about this a lot, huh?" I asked again, but this time with a downcast smile on my face.

"I really did. Because you're a great woman, Lily. You're very strong-willed and determined. And I think you use sex for the wrong reasons. For connection, for feeling intimacy. But you have to let people get close. In the real way," Greg finished.

"Is this something they teach you in university?"

"No," Greg grinned, showing teeth. "But I mean everything I said."

I nodded and played with his silky, mousy hair. He reached for my hand and drew it closer to his lips. Warm mouth pressed against the back of my hand. Greg's eyes glittered in the shadowy darkness of his room. Cigarettes, perfume, and spent passions. It was beautiful. But like Greg said, it was superficial.

"We should probably stop sleeping with each other," I whispered.

Greg nodded, running circles on my palm. "I agree."

We were both in agreement, but somehow we didn't have the strength to break apart. I didn't. It felt too comfortable. Warm. Safe. And for the first time in my life, I wondered how intimacy would feel with the person you loved. Truly, desperately loved.

"How about one last roll in the hay?" I offered, grinning.

"What the heck. For old time's sake," Greg laughed. "We better hurry before Liz gets here and catch us."

I smiled deviously, the imagery of having Greg's girlfriend joining us playing in my mind. Vividly. "Don't threaten me with a good time."





When I was younger, I made a pact with myself not to ever sign up on any dating sites. I didn't need it, didn't want it, and certainly, I didn't care for it. But on a particularly lonely Friday night, I found myself downloading Tinder. Greg and I decided to drop the 'Fuck' in 'Fuck buddies' and just remain buddies, so I didn't have any reliable booty calls anymore. I didn't realize that being a good person was so boring.

"What?" I asked Thing who sat on the loveseat across me. Her copper eyes silently judged me. "It's normal now, Thing. Everyone does it. Even you would do it if you could."

"Meowww."

"They don't have dating apps for food, Thing. It's called a dating app for a reason."

What is happening to my life? I'm a beautiful young woman who is single and financially independent. But here I am on a Friday night, alone and having a full conversation with my fat cat about Tinder. Meeting the devil really changes people.

"A Bio? Lets see, what should I put here? Hmmm. Let's say I love rain. Basic. Funny guys. No...sex...offenders...please," I spoke aloud as I typed. "Looking for...love."





Lily, 28. Fitness enthusiast. Single and loves to travel. Morning coffee on a rainy day and funny guys are my jam. NO SEX OFFENDERS PLEASE. Not looking for hookups but love.

Lily, 28. Fitness enthusiast. Single and loves to travel. Morning coffee on a rainy day and funny guys are my jam. NO SEX OFFENDERS PLEASE. Not looking for hookups but love.





"Next are photos," I mumbled, quickly scrolling through my gallery. I chose a picture of me standing in front of a statue in Cannes. I wore a flowing summer dress and a big sun hat. Wholesome, approachable, and pretty. Next, I picked one that I took when I went hiking with work friends. Finally, I uploaded a picture in me in a bikini. Because of course, you have to have one.

Setting were a little trickier. Do I want every dick within a mile of my vicinity or do I want all of the dicks regardless of distance? Also, do I even want just dicks? Because I wanted women showing up on my phone too. I quickly figured out that I literally have a deadline and reducing the size of my fishing net's holes to catch every fish in the ocean isn't going to help.

With my profile having been set up, I started swiping away.

"George. Okay, cute. Also likes fitness. Webster dictionary in the streets, urban dictionary in the sheets," I read his description aloud and I scrunched up my face. "Eww. To the left you go."

Webster dictionary in the streets, urban dictionary in the sheets," "Nathan, hello," I mumbled, eyes darting all over my phone screen. "Great, BA degree holder. Has a job. Car too. Only interested in hookups. "

Only interested in hookups. I groaned and swiped left again.

"Okay, that was only two. There ought to be a lot of decent, normal guys here. Like...John. Who...looks like a serial killer." Left.

"Vincent. Entrepreneur," I squinted my eyes. "This guy doesn't even look old enough to drink."

By that time, Thing had already made her way to me. She jumped up the couch and settled into my lap, watching the men I rejected. I put the screen in front of my cat as she started to stretch.

"Look, Thing. His name is Quincy. He likes to write. Ooh, an author. And he also wants to make America great aga—" I paused. Wait a fucking minute. "Is this a sick joke?"

"You called?"

I jumped at the sudden sultry voice. My heart skipped a beat and ghastly expression overtook my face. I immediately glared at Eve who conveniently popped up beside me in a blink of an eye.

"You have got to stop doing that," I sighed, putting my phone down. "I have a door, you know."

The devil apprentice only shrugged. "But it's the same thing. I show up, knock, you get up and open the door. Invite me in. What a waste of time and energy."

I took in the devil in front of me. Fully. Heart-shaped face with long lashes on dark eyes. Pouty, sculpted lips painted black. It shone like gloss. She wore the same loose clothing on a compact body, curved vivaciously. Her whole being exuded passion without restraint. Dark eyes gave nothing away even through the ever-present malicious smile on her face.

She was dangerous.

"Why are you here?" I asked, curious. Ever since I stormed off from her a couple of days ago, I haven't had any interruption in my daily life. I figured she just fucked off somewhere again to cause chaos and destruction. Or whatever devils do on their spare time.

"Am I not welcome here anymore?" Eve asked with a smirk, reclining on the couch. I stood up before she can lay her legs on my lap again. I carried Thing and put her down on the floor gently before going to the kitchen to make myself dinner. Hot beady eyes followed me. When I said I was making myself dinner, I meant heating up a microwave dinner and eating it inside my room so Thing wouldn't bother me. Seriously, that fat cat needed to exercise.

"You need to eat better, Lily," Eve spoke. I looked behind my shoulder and found her staring at me. She was leaning against the doorway, an eyebrow quirked up and tail swishing lazily behind her. I shrugged and went back to poking a hole in the frozen turkey dinner before then putting it inside my microwave.

"So, what's the status on finding Mr. Right?"

"Same old, same old. Still looking."

Eve hummed and she appeared on the island counter beside me, crossing her legs by the knees and peering up at me curiously. I gave her a weird stare.

"You seem different than usual," she commented, causing me to cough involuntarily.

"What? No, I'm not. You seem different than usual," I threw back at her. Eve raised an eyebrow and I squirmed under her intense gaze. Finally, she relented.

"I'm here to check up at you," the devil apprentice said.

"Oh? Here to threaten me again?" I couldn't help but murmur under my breath. If she heard me, she made no indication that she did. Eve was distracted by the sharp ping of the microwave, indicating that my dinner was ready. Already from across the house, I heard Thing call out.

"Well, it seems that you're still doing poorly in love. All is well in my dark world. See you very soon," Eve quipped chirpily, hopping off of my island counter and again, disappearing into thin air. I sighed in frustration. What was I even expecting for her to do, apologize for hurting my feelings? She's the devil. She doesn't care.

The pitter patter of paws across the hardwood floor alerted me. Quickly, I grabbed a spoon from the cutlery drawer and held my piping hot microwave dinner, dashing over Thing and running full speed to my room. I slammed the door and locked it. Why I locked it, I didn't know. But I had to secure my food from the beast that resided in my cat.

From outside the room, Thing began to scratch and call out to me.

"No! You need to go on a diet, Thing!" I raised my voice, prompting Thing to meow louder.

I sighed and set my food down on my bed before I felt a vibration in my pocket. I fished for my phone in my sweatpants pocket and was a little surprised to have a notification from Tinder. I had a match. Now, I'm not by all means an expert in this dating app, but to have a match, I would have to have swiped right on someone. But so far, I had been madly swiping left on all profiles before—

"Eve," I whispered in realization before unlocking my phone. Then my eyes widened. I was pleasantly surprised.

"Hello, Joshua."





____________________________________





Happy Pride Month!

Happy Pride Month!





Chapter 12: Joshua


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 12: Joshua

Chapter 12: Joshua





Joshua initially asked to meet up at Beelzebub's Beans, but the place held a bad memory for me. Remember Damien the sex offender? Yeah, not going near that place ever again. And so Joshua invited me to a house party his roommate had instead. It was supposed to be a simple affair. Booze, music and dancing, a little drugs. But when I reached Joshua's apartment, I didn't expect it to be huge and packed full of people. It was insane. Lady Gaga was on full blast in the speakers, bodies danced in everywhere. Lights out, spotlights and roving laser on. People of all color and ethnicity, grinding at each other.

Beelzebub's Beans, Certain words are hard to say, but me saying that my date is criminally hot was not. Joshua is a looker. Five feet nine, tall and broad shouldered. He had dark hair was trimmed close to his head in a clean buzz cut. Light mocha skin. His features were faintly of Indian descent and a bit soft; dare I say even a hint androgynous. His clothes tailored and very well-thought of. It seems like he was more fashionable than me, even. His colors matched, every article of clothing was put on for a purpose. More than that, Joshua was soft-spoken. Gentle. Apology was in his voice and manner.

"Lily, I'm so glad you could make it!" He shouted to be heard across the dance floor. Joshua's voice is a little pitchy.

I nodded eagerly and gave him a quick hug. "What a party, huh?"

He let me inside fully and placed a hand on the small of my back, ushering and guiding me from the bodies. Glittery skin, dyed hair and flashy clothes. I felt like I was in the future. Finally, we managed to skim across the crowd and into the large balcony. There, it was quieter. It was neither too chilly nor too hot, and the breeze which blew into us had the city air; the moon was out and so were the stars, sparkling, bright and giving the place a kind of romantic vibe. Some people had paired off and were talking, others were literally fucking right in front of our eyes. Clothes on, of course. But no one seemed to blink an eye. How could they? The balcony was nice.

"Here," he handed me a wine goblet. It was from a long, narrow table that contained all the drinks for that night. Rosewood. Bottles and bottles of wine, some punch, and underneath were several coolers of beer. They really went out. Joshua proceeded to pour out a bottle of red wine into my glass. As customary, I brought it up to my nose and gave it a little sniff. Very alcoholic, but after the alcohol had stopped attacking my sinuses, I noticed the slightest tinge of lemon and raspberry. It made me smile.

"I'm sorry about that," Joshua gestured to the couple who were still going at it in a lounge chair.

I merely gave him a cheery laugh. "No, it's okay. It's your property."

He mirrored my smile as he poured himself his own wine and pulled up a chair for me. Very charming. And there we stared at the beautiful city lights. Bustling, loud, always busy but it held a place dear to my heart.

"I just love the city," my date commented after a while, sighing. He looked over his shoulder and gave me a small smile. His eyes sparkled.

"I do too. The cars, the yelling, the occasional street brawls are almost like white noise, you know?"

The guy laughed, his reedy voice carried though the air. Joshua is a little younger than me, fresh at twenty five, so I can understand the parties and the belligerent way he just asked me out minutes after matching. But the night was young, and I had wine.

"Oh, this is good," I mumbled after taking a sip of my red wine. It made my date beam.

"Thank you. It's our vineyard's product," he said, taking a sip of his own and looking at me over his goblet.



"You have a vineyard?"

"I do. It's in Napa, Wine Country. It's actually family owned. It has been for a long time and I'm very proud of our selection," Joshua explained. "What about you?"

That explains the huge apartment. My town isn't exactly in the smack dab of a large city, but apartments like these cost a fortune.

"I'm into fitness. Though my parents are small-time businesspeople who are now retired at Staten Island," I said. I took another sip of my red. Full bodied. Outward bold flavor. It was aged well and it has certainly been made with a lot of care.

"God, this really is good. I think I can finish a whole bottle of this nice and easy," I kidded as I finished my first glass. Joshua graciously refilled it for me.

"Careful, it packs a little punch," my date chuckled. Our eyes met and pulled his chair a little closer. "So, Lily. Tell me more about yourself."

"Why, what do you want to know?" I asked, almost teasingly. He took the bait and held one of my hands. He didn't grab, didn't yank, only just pulled it on his thigh and held it gently inside his palms. It was nice.

"I want to know all about you.Your thoughts, your dreams, your goals. What do you hate in this world, what you love," Joshua went on. He gave my hand a little caress as we continued to stare into each other's eyes. "Who are you, Lily?"

I didn't know how it happened. One moment I was sitting on my chair, sipping my wine and talking with Joshua, and the next I was sitting on top of Joshua himself. Running my hand over his hair, grinding my body down as we were making out heavily. It was the influences of both the wine and the environment. Boy, I did have a few glasses already.

top "Lily," he croaked.

I didn't respond. I writhed in his touch, grabbing on to his strong shoulders as I drowned in his warmth. Pounding music, loud conversations; booze and drugs. I felt like I was 21 again. Joshua gripped me, looked at me hungrily. I was wanted, adored, worshipped. I was powerful.

"Lily, wait," desperately, he cried out.

"Hmmm?" I raised an inquisitive brow. He was a cutie.

"I—wait," he gasped again and I could've sworn his voice cracked. J esus, he sounds like he just went through puberty.

esus, he sounds like he just went through puberty. "Use your words, Joshua."

I traced a tongue over his silver-studded earlobe. With gentle, easing pressure, teeth clamped on the edge and made him groan. Guttural, frustrated.

"Wait, Lily. Fuck—I mean I have to tell you something," my date urgently pulled me away ever so slightly. My brows knotted. Though, I doubt he could see it from the darkness that cloaked us.

"What is it?"

"Before anything happens, I want to tell you that I was born a woman."

My head tilted sideways. "Yeah, it doesn't bother me."

Then I went in for another searing kiss, gripping his shirt and pulling him towards me. Our lips crashed, teeth knocked slightly. I throbbed for him, wanted him desperately. Sure, the knowledge that he was born a woman was a little surprising, but it was like finding a single french fry inside a paper bag full on onion rings. It wasn't what I was expecting, but I'd still eat it. Joshua is hot as fuck.

eat With a quick flash of a sudden realization, I pulled away from him. His glazed-over eyes looked at me worriedly. "What? What is it?"

"Fuck!" I exclaimed, getting off of him.

"What? I thought you were cool with it?" Joshua asked as he watched me smooth my shirt and fix my hair. I licked at my swollen lips and sighed.

"No, it really is. It's just..." I didn't know how to finish that sentence. How could I say it? Hey, Joshua. You're really gorgeous, but I really need a dick to impregnate me right now because I owe my firstborn to the devil and I only had, like, six weeks left to do it or I better wish my child is born premature because that is a ticket to Hell right there. Good luck with that, Lily.

Hey, Joshua. You're really gorgeous, but I really need a dick to impregnate me right now because I owe my firstborn to the devil and I only had, like, six weeks left to do it or I better wish my child is born premature because that is a ticket to Hell right there.

"What, you suddenly realize you're transphobic?" Joshua added with a glare. I squirmed under his gaze.

"No! God no," I ran my hand through my hair in frustration. "It's...my parents." Smooth, homegirl. Drag your parents' name into this.

Smooth, homegirl. Drag your parents' name into this. Joshua stared as I began to pace, thinking of a cover up story.

"I uh, I'm being pressured!" I stopped and exclaimed in wonder, as if I myself had been only told of this thing just now. I'm a lot of things, but I'm a terrible liar apparently. "Yes, I'm being pressured to have a child and a husband. A child more importantly."

"Is that why you put it in your Tinder bio that you were looking for love?"

"Yes!" I laughed nervously as I sat back down and faced Joshua with what I hoped was the most sincere expression on my face. "You know, traditional Muslim parents from Jordan. I should have been married ten years ago." I tried to pass it off with a little chuckle of my own.

"I'm sorry about that," he suddenly said. Somber edge to his voice. "Do you want to talk about it?"

That sounded like a terrible, terrible idea. Because I knew I would still end up sleeping with him. I have no self-control whatsoever. Joshua is a really, really likable person and I didn't need that distraction in my life right now, especially since I had Eve hounding over my shoulder.

"Listen, I'm sorry Joshua. I hope you don't take this personally," I sincerely wished for him. "But I really like you and it wouldn't be fair to lead you into my chaotic mess of a life."

"No, I understand," my date replied cooly. "And oddly enough, your reaction is better than what I usually get."

"I'm sorry for that."

"No, you don't have to be sorry for me. I'm happy you had the decency to tell me nicely."

"I take it not a lot of girls are accepting?" I almost winced as he stared sadly at the floor.

"Not really. Mostly because I'm cis-passing. They feel like they were tricked, though I am always upfront about being trans."

"Well screw them, right?" I laughed a little to ease the tension. "Though seriously, there are a lot of beautiful people out there who would fuck you until you throw your back out. You're hot!"

Joshua laughed with me and gave me a grateful smile. "I'm just grateful to have a community there for me, you know?" Joshua smiled at me, motioning the people dancing inside his apartment and the few stragglers in the balcony with us. "My roommate is trans too and she really likes throwing these 'queer' parties with me." he added with a little sheepish grin.

"I'm bisexual myself, though I'm not very active in our community here in Rior."

"That's totally okay, though if you're interested in marching in the next Pride Parade next month, just hit me up. I always go with Cindy, my roommate. It's a lot of fun!" Joshua added with enthusiasm.

"Heck yeah that sounds fun!" I agreed with him. I promised to hang out with Joshua regardless of our unsuccessful date, and the guy said he'll even take me the next time he goes to Napa. Sounds like a solid plan to me. I don't have a lot of adult friendships in my life. Nearly the whole night, Joshua and I drank wine. I must have polished off two or three bottles myself. I wasn't getting laid, so I was sure as hell getting hammered. I was terribly wine drunk by the time the party was winding down.

"Hey, Lily," Joshua said, holding me up. We were both plastered and clinging on to the walls at that point in the night. "I called you a Uber. Hang on, I'll take you home."



And Joshua did. He got into the Uber with me, managed to extract my address from me, dragged me into my house and settled me down on my couch. Then he left and Ubered back to his apartment. We were equally drunk but apparently, he had the ability to sound and look sober enough to hold a full conversation with our Uber driver. What a fucking champ.

For the second time, I woke up in my couch in last night's clothes. But thankfully, no obnoxious lawnmower woke me up. Fucking Tilda must have gotten laid last night. The thought of my uppity tight neighbor having sex sent chills down my spine. It was the smell of fresh coffee which woke me up though. And there seems to be some activity in my kitchen.

Fucking Tilda must have gotten laid last night. Groggily, I rose and felt the pounding in my head. Terrible wine hangover: headache. I didn't feel too good either. I really had a lot to drink last night.

"Thing!" I called for the fat cat who I've missed so much as I walked to my kitchen to investigate the noise. I wouldn't be too surprised if I found Thing making breakfast. In fact, I had almost wished Thing was making me breakfast because I was starving. But it seems like this is a good day to be wrong because I found Eve in front of my stove instead.

I found the devil apprentice, the devil, cooking.

the devil, "What the—"

"And so the zombie rises," Eve turned around, smirking menacingly. And it would have worked in spooking me, if only she wasn't holding a spatula in one hand and an apron over her front.

What kind of weird, kinky dream is this?

What kind of weird, kinky dream is this? "I assure you, darling, that this is no dream. Though it is a bit kinky, right?" Eve teased, twirling around in place and making my breath hitch in my throat. She looked homy.

"What are you doing?" I asked, suspicious. There was a steaming mug of coffee in the island counter and a plate full of fried eggs and bacon. And...is that a fucking eggs Benedict on a saucer?

And...is that a fucking eggs Benedict on a saucer? "I had recently gotten acquainted with this Gordon Ramsay persona and I was inspired to cook. Let me just say, he has a lot of rage for a human. Is he part demon?"

I sighed, walking tiredly over to my sink. Without a care in the world, I washed my face and erased any traces of makeup remaining. I used dish soap, I didn't give a fuck. Then I went over to get myself a glass of ice cold water and downed it in one go. Fucking refreshing. I turned back to Eve and mentally prepared myself to deal with her.

I almost jumped when I saw that she was on the counter again. looking at me with an almost evil grin. "How was your date?"

I was still mad at her, so I temporarily ignored the question and pulled up a stool to the island counter. I started eating the big greasy meal Eve prepared. "What do you think?" I answered dryly after a while.

The devil apprentice popped up in front of me again. This time, I was prepared so I didn't flinch. She made herself a plate and sat down in front of me. Quietly, we began to eat. I didn't even know devils ate normal human food. I thought their diet composed of the blood of virgins or sacrificial lambs.

"You're being a speciesist again," Eve accused me, raising an eyebrow at me. I only stuck out my tongue at her in response.

"Holy shit, this coffee is amazing," I mumbled as I took a sip. It certainly was loads better than the crappy ground one I keep on the off times I wanted to drink coffee.

"I know," the devil apprentice said proudly. She shoved a medium-sized tin can in front of me and my jaws slacked.

"Whoa, Columbia?"

"Only the best coffee grounds straight from the mountains."

Now it was my turn to raise an eyebrow. Cooking me breakfast, giving me quality coffee, sarcastic remarks kept to a minimum. Suspicious.

"Are you planning on killing me?" I asked. It was to be expected. She's the devil.

"What, because I'm the devil I automatically want to kill people?" Eve scoffed. "I thought you're better than this, Lily. Where's the torture part?"

Okay, sarcastic remarks up to average.

"Why are you being nice?"

Ever just shrugged, then she cast her gaze to the side and continued eating her eggs. Then it dawned on me. Or maybe I just assumed it. "Is...is this your way of apologizing for being a dick to me?"

My comment made the devil apprentice pause. She nervously darted her gaze around the room. Then finally, she growled as the smile on my face grew wider and wider. "Just drink your fucking coffee, okay?" she snarled.

Aww, that means she likes me. I'm becoming very fluent in demon talk.

I chose to ignore her comment. But I did try to hide a full blown grin as I sipped on my delicious coffee. It was clear that Eve was uncomfortable with affection of any form. I let her be. She was a being I didn't fully comprehend, and I wan't about to start too.

"So, aren't you going to ask me about my date?" I asked, resting my face on my palm and grinning at her. Dark, starry eyes and expressive full lips. Cheeks touched by the darkest tinge of crimson. If it was a blush, I didn't know. How could I tell? She was red all over.

"I already asked you that," she deadpanned in response. Had she always been this cute when she tried to hide the fact that she cared?

"Well, it started off wonderful. You really did pick quite a candidate tonight," I started.

"And yet you woke up grouchy," Eve commented.

"Yeah, because Joshua turned out to have been born a woman. I can't get pregnant through scissoring, Eve."

Eve sprayed coffee out of her mouth and almost choked. It made me laugh despite my headache and a second later, Eve's melodious laughter joined in on me. The sunlight hit her face just right and I felt a skip in my heart.

"Wow," Eve laughed softly, shaking her head. "That would certainly be counterintuitive."

"Ya think?" I added with a mirthful laugh. "Though Joshua was lovely through and through. I think we're even friends now. Next time...maybe check a little harder?"

"What can I say?" Eve said. Malice was back in her dark smile again. "I really do love fucking with you."





__________________________________





Chapter 13: Angelo


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 13: Angelo

Chapter 13: Angelo





Angelo, my next Tinder match, is a detective at the local Police Department. He was black—still is, I don't know why I put that in the past tense, and through private messaging he invited me out to dinner at a nice little steakhouse at West on the 42nd Street. Basing from his Tinder bio, Angelo and I shared the same interests in travel and music. Good enough for me.

Hot and Fiery was the steakhouse Angelo invited me over, and I chose to drive to the place despite it not being far from my house. It wasn't safe for me (or really, any females) to go out walking in the night—not alone. Though if everything went well, I wouldn't have to. I don't have any particular crazy six-date-rule or something of the likes, but I do only sleep with guys who I genuinely like.

Hot and Fiery I arrived at the steakhouse a little early, about 7 pm, but the place was already packed. It wasn't a large restaurant by all means, but every table I could see had happy patrons enjoying their meals. If it was any indication of the quality of the food in there, I'm about to eat like a queen tonight.

I waited near the entrance until a slender man wearing an apron came to me. He was polishing a wine glass with a cloth.

"Good evening, ma'am. Reservations?" he said.

"Uh, I'm supposed to meet someone. Any reservation for Stevenson? Angelo Stevenson?"

His features softened and he nodded. "Right this way ma'am."

Huh. Didn't even check. Then I was led into a nice little corner, my back to the wall. I could see the entrance and everyone who came and went. A waiter came over shortly and I ordered a long island iced tea and water. I had only taken one sip when I saw Angelo come inside Hot and Fiery and looked around.

Hot and Fiery He stood at about six feet, young and dashing. I watched in utter fascination as he hung his coat on the open rack by the door, greeted the server who gestured towards me. Our eyes met, he smiled and gave me a subtle nod. Slowly, he came walking towards me with a light, bouncy stride.

"Lily?" he asked, voice cheerful.

"Yeah, hi," I smiled at him. "Angelo?"

"The one and only," he chuckled as he shifted the chair on my right to sit opposite me. The waiter scurried over to remove the extra napkins and utensils from the table.

"I hope you don't mind, I already started on the evening," I pointed to my long island iced tea, prompting him to smile again.

"No, it's okay. I'm more of a scotch guy myself. Have you been waiting long?" he asked.

"No, I just got here. I'm a little early," I admitted.

"I wanted to be here earlier. But I was held up at the station."

"Lots of cases?"

"Unbelievably so. You wouldn't believe the rise in crime in this town. In just a month, our homicide cases doubled. And so did the thefts and burglaries," he shared.

"You don't say?" I asked, already having an inkling as to why we had a rise in our crime rates.

why "But we're here to get to know each other, not our town. So how about we order? I recommend their herb-crusted steak. Or the flame grilled ribeye. Though I'm more of a roast beef on the bone kind of guy. The rarer the better."

"You seem familiar with this place," I said as Angelo waved a waiter over to give us the menus.

"Yeah, well," Angelo grinned, showing his pearly whites. "I own this establishment. Or, my parents did. They're retired now."



"That's amazing. My parents are retired businesspeople too. And this place is looking like it's doing so well," I craned my head to look around. Nothing but happy people enjoying their food.

"It is. My uncle is the chef and he mostly runs this place. I got my own job, you know."

"Well, this is your turf. I'll take whatever it is that you recommend," I said, giving him a smile.

While he was ordering, I observed the detective fully. He was dressed quite thoughtfully, not a crease or wrinkle in his dress shirt. Though tall, he had narrow shoulders and hips. His features seemed soft. Thoughtful brows, eyes set a little wide apart, thick lips that didn't seem dry. His hair was jet black and lay flat on his head in closely cropped waves. High cheekbones, strong jaw. Meticulously groomed beard. I got a sense of that he was an organized, very particular kind of man who cared a lot about himself in a way that wasn't obscenely vain.

I had a flame grilled steak (as per Angelo's recommendation), a salad on the side and then more long island iced tea while the detective had his rare roast beef on the bone and a mug of beer. We split a blueberry cobbler for dessert.

"So Lily, what do you do?" he asked while we were eating.

"I just recently quit my job as a personal trainer. It was a little to much for me."

"That's totally okay. Mental health is as important as our physical health."

I was pleasantly surprised by his comment. "Speaking of mental health, how do you cope with your job? I can't imagine it being easy working so casually with a lot of crime."

"It really is hard," he admitted. A veiny hand rose up to scratch at his beard, which I noticed was a nervous habit of his. "No matter how you separate the two jobs, it always catches up eventually. So I go to therapy."

"Angelo, that's totally acceptable."

"I know, but my uncle gives me a lot of crap about it," Angelo admitted with a light chuckle. "He said I'm supposed to be 'man' about it."

"It always truck me as odd how allowing yourself to deteriorate mentally is considered manly."

"Right?" the detective said. "Talk about toxic masculinity."

That wasn't the set of words I expected to come out of my date tonight. I was again taken back by this sensitive alpha male, Chad-looking man. "Really? What is your experience with toxic masculinity?"

Angelo finished chewing a piece of meat before thoughtfully answering. "It took a long time for me to unlearn a lot of the toxic masculinity that my father and uncle imposed on me, which I found out was making the effect of my job worse. Therapy also helped a lot. I learned masculinity can still be masculinity without all the aggression, the emotional detachment, and the need to keep a tight seal on emotions."

I gazed at him quizzically.

"You know, not a lot of guys share your views," I pressed, attempting to test just how far he'd stick to his opinions. Then I saw him nodding, a small smile on his face as he dropped his steak knife and took a sip of his beer. He cleared his throat and started again.

"I know. Frankly speaking, it's very hard to unlearn something that is so deeply imbedded in our life. For so long, the phrases like 'boys will be boys' had been spoken so much, it's essentially become a way of life."

"Not impossible to unlearn though," I quipped.

"Not impossible," he seconded with a smile. "How's your steak, by the way? Is it seasoned to your liking?"

"It's delicious. I really enjoy it. How about your roast beef? Is it rare enough for you?" I subtly teased him as he really did mean it when he said he liked his meat raw. The bloody thing on his plate barely kissed heat.



"If it was any rarer, it would be mooing," he responded with a playful smile of his own.

He paused to take a swallow of his beer and I took this lull in the conversation to work on my steak. I had been so engrossed in talking to him that I had forgotten to eat. My steak was grilled perfectly and what a shame if it had gotten cold. We worked on our meals, finishing our dishes leisurely. I watched him handle his cutlery and himself so carefully, deliberately. It was like every little thing he did, he thought of purposely. Then the dessert came and we shared the blueberry cobbler, as his suggestion. It arrived on a miniature cast iron pan, a scoop of vanilla on top gloriously melting into the treat.

We chatted a little bit after our meal, joked around. I waited around for the bill, but it never came. So I asked Angelo about it.

"No, it's okay. It's on the house. Your company is more than enough payment," the detective said with his warm smile. "I don't want the night to end yet, though."

"Me neither," I admitted.

"Can I interest you in a little stroll around the block across the street? I call it the flower square because there are a lot of flower shops there. They smell really nice this time of the year," he offered. Angelo reached out from across the table and laid a gentle hand over mine. A little squeeze and an encouraging smile. His eyes danced with the light from her our table.

I nodded and smiled at him, following him as he stood up. The wind was a little chilly outside, so he draped his coat over my bare shoulders. He smelled lovely. I took his arm as we crossed the street through the busy evening rush and didn't let go.

"Have you been in Tinder for long?" I asked him. Then I giggled a little as I realized something.

"What?" he asked, looking at me in mock suspicion.

"No, I just realized I should have asked you that earlier. We started our conversation kinda heavy."

"Well, we opened up on mental health and toxic masculinity. We can only go lower from there," he kidded back. "To answer your question though, I had just signed up for Tinder. I just came out of a really bad relationship and I took my time to heal."

I nodded in understanding. "I just got into Tinder too. I've had terrible luck with the recent guys I went out with. Just hoping trying something different would turn my luck."

"I hope it does," Angelo smiled. His words felt genuine.

"Tell me about your job," I veered the topic away from my bad memories. "Must be quite a place, huh?"

Angelo scoffed. "I work in a police department and there is a lot of casual misogyny in my workplace, usually from the higher ups. You know, older, middle class. White," he winked and let out a deep chuckle as I giggled with him. "My partner in the force and I talk about how it's slowly becoming better with younger dudes though."

Angelo really intrigued me. He was a refreshing breath of fresh air in this stank world.

"It really is admirable that you had the capacity to see the error in your ways and then change."

"Oh, please," he waved his hand dismissively. "All I'm doing is not being an asshole. It's very easy to not be an asshole in this world."

not With that, I raised an eyebrow and laughed with him. "You'd be surprised how some guys struggle," I said with a little shake in my head.

We stopped in front of a flower shop and I felt Angelo stop me. I watched as he ducked inside the open display and pulled out a single long stemmed rose. Quickly, he handed the shop owner money and thanked the old lady politely. Then he turned to me.

"I'm sorry that the world isn't so kind to you. To us. But I hope it will be better. Because there are still people who strive to make the world a better place. People like us," he finished. Then he handed me the rose.

I didn't think I would be swayed off my feet this night, but Angelo certainly did. It was so rare for me to meet a man who has such a view on masculinity. Like Greg, he was sensitive and unapologetic about his unorthodox views. I gazed at Angelo, pondering how beautiful the world would be if it had more people like him.

I took a bold step forward and cusped the rose in my palm. I rolled it between my thumb and index finger. Then I met his brown-eyed stare.

I gave him a kiss. It was short and chaste; gentleness I didn't know I was capable of. I tried to ignore the sinking in my gut as I pulled away and matched his cheshire grin. He was beautiful. As we finished circling the block, he offered to walk me to my car and I obliged. The evening was lively, people around us bustling and going on their own ways. To their homes, to their families. It was a starry night and the moon was fully out. Such a sight for the ones who didn't lead a busy life.

"Drive safe, Lily. I hope you call me," Angelo wished as we stood before my vehicle.

We kissed again, deeply this time. I wrapped my arms around his neck and stroked his cheek. With that kiss goodbye, I pulled away and got into my car. I saw Angelo on my side mirror as I was driving away. Waving. He was absolutely gorgeous.

I drove home in silence. As I pulled into my driveway and parked my car in the garage, the street lights were already on. Houses lit up, joyful conversations overheard from my neighbors. Greg's house was empty. He was probably with Liz. Tilda's house was also dark. But that wasn't surprising since she slept at 8 pm like a psycho. Disturbingly, Sue Ann was waving at me again from her house. I waved back.

I turned the lights on and called for Thing but she didn't respond which meant that she was napping. Or pretending she didn't hear me. I wouldn't put it past that fat cat to ignore me, especially when I didn't have food on me. Tiredly, I slumped down on my couch and sighed.

"Call me," I repeated Angelo's words with a whisper.

With growing realization evident in my features, I began to cry. Fat droplets of tears ran down my cheeks. Sobs wracked my body. I wailed and sniffed, teardrops falling into my floor as I experienced sadness and crippling emptiness like never before. Because I knew I wouldn't call Angelo back. Not ever.

The place beside my couch dipped, as if someone had sat down on it. And I knew it was Eve. But I didn't care. I continued to cry my empty heart out. Grief, confusion, terrible loneliness.

"Lily..." Eve's voice whispered, apprehensively.

"Why?!" I suddenly turned back to her, tears streaming down my face. "Why can't I find myself to care? Angelo is a great guy. He's amazing! But why can't I convince myself that I'm worthy of him?!"

I broke down in a sniveling mess. "Why can't I convince myself that I'm worthy of love?!"

Warmness enveloped me then. Strong arms wrapped themselves around me, comforting my trembling body. I smelled Eve's distinct scent. Felt her tingling touch.

"What is wrong with me?" I whimpered, broken.

I stayed inside Eve's arms for a long while. I didn't know how to calm myself down. I was angry. At myself, at Eve, at the world. And I remembered Greg's words. He was right. I had a lot of internalized rage.

"Nothing is wrong with you, Lily," Eve said with a sigh. "I think it's time you get your memories back."





_______________________________________





Chapter 14: Memories


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 14: Memories

Chapter 14: Memories





"I think it's time you get your memories back."

"I think it's time you get your memories back." I gasped and pulled away from Eve, furiously wiping my tears away.

"What do you mean 'get my memories back'? Is this about the deal I made with you ten years ago?" I cried out.

Eve nodded somberly. I tried to read her expression, but it was a blank. Her whole body was rigid and she maintained an arms distance away from me. "Yes. Try to remember, Lily. What do you remember from ten years ago?"

I scrunched my forehead up. Tried to scan my memories. "Ten years ago? I was...18. In college, I think."

"Dig deeper, Lily. What state? Which school?"

I vaguely remember going to a school near my home. I remember getting my degree. Art History. I had a deep love for art when I was younger. "I went to Richardson State. I majored in Art History."

"Did you have friends?"

"No, I..." I stopped. No particular face came to mind. "I think I was a loner."

think "Good that you recalled. Now try to dig a little deeper. Try to remember events beyond ten years ago. Say, when you were 16?"

Eve probed, meeting my confused stare. As I listened to her voice, I tried to remember. Places, events, faces. People I know, things I did from more than ten years ago. Childhood friends, my bedroom. Something, anything.

"I don't know. But who remembers this stuff, right?" I tried to pass it off as a light joke. It came out as a throaty question needing validation.

"A lot of people usually remember their childhood pet or the street where they grew up in."

"But I don't!" I snapped without meaning to. Eve only looked at me with pity. I hated that look on her face.

"Okay, let's move on. How about your parents?"

"My parents?" I asked, confused.

"Yes, your parents. What can you remember about them?"

"My parents are small-time businesspeople who are now retired at Staten Island," I answered naturally.

"Who are they, Lily?"

"My parents are small-time businesspeople who are now retired at Staten Island," I said, a bit confused as to why Eve kept asking me the same questions.

"Their names. What did they look like? What did they do for a living?"

As the barrage of questions came, I struggled. The more I thought about my parents, the more I seemed to lose grip of all my memories. I distinctly remember a vague outline. A blurry photo. And me. Where did I belong in all of this?

"My parents...they're small-time businesspeople...who are now retired..."

I trailed off, coming up with blanks. I looked at Eve, every passing second filling me with horrifying dread. I tried again. Names . They're...

Names A blank.

Surely, I can remember at least their last names. It's the same one I have. It's...

A blank.

Finally, with a shaky voice I asked the devil apprentice: "Why can't I remember my parents? My own last name?"

"Because your heart's deepest desire ten years ago were to forget them and all memories associated with them," the devil finally answered.



My jaw tensed as I looked at Eve with all the hate I could muster. "How dare you use my own parents' memory against me! I know that you're the devil, but this is low! Even for you!"

Eve sighed and reached out to cup my cheek with a soft, warm hand. "Don't you remember, Lily?"





😈 10 Years Ago 😈

It has never been the same since her father left Lily's mother and her. No more nights where she would wake up from her mother's screams and her father's raised voice. Lily would no longer see her mother trying to hide the bruises. The cuts. She would try her best to put up a bright smile in the morning, kiss Lily's cheek and tell her it's going to be alright.

But it wasn't. It was never going to be alright. Not until he left.

Lily was so young then, barely 18. He'd raise his hand on his wife, then look his daughter in the eye and tell her that it's not his fault. She made him do it. But her mother loved the man no matter how much pain he caused her. She abandoned her family and turned her back on her religion to be with the man who'll eventually cause her suffering. To love such brokenness, such evil , is beyond Lily.

evil Looking back to the last frightful night of her life, Lily remembered the man coming home at eleven-fifty in the evening, reeking of booze and another woman's perfume. Slurring his words, he told his wife he gambled away the last of his money. The last of their money.

their Lily was told to go upstairs to her room then. The teen stuffed her head under her pillow, shielding her ears from hearing the coming fight that was bound to happen. She'll hear him curse, her mother yelling back. Then the sound of a fist hitting solid flesh. A groan, a muffled cry. The sound of glass shattering and the house shaking as furniture would be thrown. Hot tears stung her eyes as pleas for help would be shouted but it would fall on deaf ears. Her neighbors wouldn't care. The men in there beat their wives senseless too. How she wished they cared.

cared. Then one night came salvation. An angel of the night brought forth promises of a better future and a chance to be someone without the darkness he brought. The dark angel asked her a question; a simple question which changed her life:

he "Do you want it to stop?"

"Do you want it to stop?" And she did. She wanted it to stop more than anything else.

Mysterious, pitch-black eyes. A sultry smile and a raspy voice touching Lily's very soul, offering her something that she wanted most in the world. Her heart's deepest desire. She knew those eyes were trouble, sucking her in and pulling her into indeterminable depths. Lily knew there wasn't going to be any way escaping from the charcoal lips and the honey-coated voice that called to her like a siren. But Lily was desperate. Or perhaps, she didn't care. As dark may the words the seductress said to her, it has imprinted on Lily's heart.

deepest And then they were finally free.

The man packed up and left, bringing nothing but his beloved bottle of beer and a pack of Marlboros. Her mother searched for her husband. Endlessly, extensively. Lily watched as the mother she loves cried in despair and grieved. She became even more of a broken woman. But the child knew it was for the better, that they were finally going to find peace.

Alas, they found him. What was left of him. The man was found hundreds of miles away from home, dead in a ditch. A witness saw him dropping to the ground in a lifeless heap, clutching his chest. The medical examiner deemed it was a heart attack. A heart attack caused a 40-year-old monster to drop dead. And Lily knew it wasn't a fluke. After all, the man used to be a national athlete.



Her mother didn't take the death of her husband well. He was a monster in the purest forms, a miserable being sent on Earth to bring nothing but pain, misery and grief. But her mother loved the man's darkness. So she tried to find peace in her husband's death.

She found peace in a glass of whiskey and a bullet in her head.

Suddenly Lily was alone in the world. All alone, the deaths of her parents she blamed on herself. Had she indirectly wished for her mother's death? Lily's tears watered the grave as she buried the woman who gave her life and out of the soil sprung forth flowers of spring. Then the angel came back for her.

"It is done."

"It is done." She didn't feel so alone then. Warm, dead black eyes brought Lily her peace. An alluring smile and a scent so familiar, she longed for it in her sleep. An angel. For the first time in her life, she wondered how it would feel to love and be loved in return.

her "The price to be paid will be due in ten years time. I ask for nothing else in the meantime. Enjoy your freedom."

"The price to be paid will be due in ten years time. I ask for nothing else in the meantime. Enjoy your freedom." Lily pleaded. She held on to the dark angel and asked for her to stay. She was all alone. Her angel was the only one who cared. But she refused. Dark eyes and wistful smile on soft lips uttering words which broke her heart even more. And so Lily wished for one last thing to ease the burden of loss and tragedy.

"Make me forget."

"Make me forget." And her angel did. She wiped away all which scarred her and all which polluted in her mind. Gone were her memories of the dark past and all she remembers are promises to herself: she would never make the same mistake her mother did. All men are selfish, violent beings and she vowed that she wouldn't allow herself to fall into darkness.





😈 Present Day 😈

"You were there," I gasped. My hands started trembling as I looked at the devil apprentice before me. Ten years had passed, yet time hadn't touched her alluring face. Long lashes and dark eyes. They were familiar. And now I knew why.

"My mother..." I bit back a sob as the memories of my mother came back to me. A woman so devoted to her husband that death couldn't even faze her in joining him. "She's dead. She—"

"She's in a better place," Eve finished for me with a voice curdled with irony. "Trust me. Can't say the same for your father though."

My gaze sharpened and I stared into the floor. Memories of the abusive man coming back to me—memories I had chosen to forget. And yet here I am, reliving each horrible moment in order for me to understand myself.

"That bastard deserves to rot in Hell."

"As he is."

I buried my face in my palms and slumped forwards, the pain from my memories bringing me numbing pain like a wound with its scab forcibly picked. I suddenly felt more alone than ever. The world is a cruel, cruel place and here I am going about traversing it in solitude. I always thought there was something wrong with the way I saw the world, but now I know for sure that the problem has always been me. I am bitter, hateful and untrusting. How could anyone ever love such a broken mess?

"You are not broken," Eve quipped, forcing me to face her as she looked at me fiercely. "You are flawed and you have a history. You never settle for anything less because you know your worth and you will never compromise for anything less. Like your mother did."

"My mother was such a lovely woman," I managed to let out through sniffles. "Beautiful and always so devoted to her family. How could she love someone like my father?"



"Darkness has a way of corrupting beautiful things," Eve said in a voice barely above a whisper.

I looked at her but the devil apprentice was avoiding my gaze and for a moment, I wondered what she meant. But in a show of kindness I have never seen in her before, Eve reached out for me and pulled my head into her lap. She stroked my hair and ran her delicate fingers through my silky strands, looking into my eyes and telling me everything will be okay. It was crazy. But even crazier: I believed her.

The next morning, I drove to where I buried my mother. Eve insisted on coming along with me and somehow, Thing had snuck inside my car. And so with the devil and a fat cat, I went inside a cemetery from my hometown. My real hometown.

real The whole place was unkempt and someone was digging in one corner as I went through the lichgate. It set an eerie theme for the next few moments. Wild bushes grew everywhere and dried up vines swallowed up several gravestones. I have never set foot in this place before, but with my newly regained memory I knew where to turn and where to weave over tombstones. I noticed several headstones, sculptures etched with vivid images of bones, skulls, and archangels. An old, dilapidated church stood in the middle of the cemetery ground. It was abandoned, as no one would dare enter its premises with the roof missing.

Finally, a few feet from behind the church's walls, there was a flat tombstone. It stood out because unlike the other plots of decay and withered grass, the area around this tombstone was lush and springing out with wild flowers.

It is my mother's grave.

I paused in my spot, Thing in my arm. I didn't know why, but I was scared. Did I even deserve to visit my mother after all these years?

A firm grip on my hand made me look up and see Eve giving me an encouraging nod. Her gaze pierced right through my very soul and it gave me the extra boost I needed. With my cat in my arm and while holding the devil's hand in the other, I started to walk deliberate steps towards my mother's grave.

The tomb was dedicated to Margaret, a loving mother. I crouched down, tracing my fingers on the elaborate details of the local mason Mr. Edlund. I knew him. He made the headstone out of charity and stayed with me through the whole service. I couldn't explain the feeling of missing the people I vaguely remember, but it was one that I haven't felt in nearly all my adult life.

"I miss you, Mom," I whispered. "I'm sorry I tried to forget you."

The breeze blew and it cooled the tear tracks on my cheeks as my tears once again watered the soil around my mother's grave. How my heart ached as ten years worth of pain and loneliness crept up on me. I never had time to grieve because I chose to forget. And what a cowardly thing for me to do. Simply forgetting is not a guarantee that the wounds will heal. Bad memories hurt but it will always present an opportunity to heal and get past the pain in order to be stronger.

"I was weak. But I'll be better. I'm slowly trying to do the good thing. Are you watching me, Mom?" my voice broke. "I hope someday, you'll be proud of me."

I let my self cry and mourn my mom. It was a reunion long overdue and it was a shock in my system. Slowly, I'm learning to understand myself better and see what obstacles have been preventing me in achieving happiness.

I noticed the dainty little flowers growing around my mother's headstone and I plucked one straight from the ground. White, pendent bell-like flowers and a slightly sweet and softly floral fragrance. Suddenly, it clicked. This is what Eve smelled like. The scent that I can never get out of my head.

This "Those are Lily of the Valleys," Eve spoke up from behind me. I stood and turned around, wiping the last of my tears as the devil stepped forward and appreciated the flowers with me.

"Lily of the Valley ranks 1 on the poison scale and can be fatal if ingested," the devil apprentice added with a little smile. "But lore says when the Lily of the Valley blooms, happiness is said to return."

"Lily of the Valley. My name," I added with a soft chuckle.

"And it is like you."

I stared at Eve with glistening eyes and she stared back. To wonder how it felt to love and be loved back, I no longer felt the need to. The yearning I felt for years has found a home. And it isn't with anyone I have tried to be with.

"Will happiness return to me?"

"I have no guarantee that it will. But I hope it does, Lily. I hope it does."

The return of my memories didn't just make me understand my self better by detailing my past and giving clarity to my present. It also made me realize what I wanted for my future. And so in a move that is characteristically me, I stood on my toes and kissed Eve on the lips, throwing caution to the wind. Because I knew what I wanted now. What I always wanted.

always It was the angel of darkness that had come and saved my life.





_____________________________________





Intermission: A Day in the Life of the Devil Apprentice





Intermission: A Day in the Life of a Devil Apprentice

Intermission: A Day in the Life of a Devil Apprentice





6:00 am.

6:00 am. 6:00 am. I usually start my day bright and early at six in the morning. I don't even know why I feel the need to put time stamps on these because the restraints of time doesn't hold me back. I can go two seconds into the future or ten years in the past. I can visit alternate realities and create micro universes for me to have my own entertainment. Of course, it won't be permanent because I'm not that powerful. But it sure is fun.

For the sake of this short chronicle I will say my day starts as the sun rises. Needing nourishment like humans do is out of the question so I proceed on doing my job as usual in my office.

Hell is not like what popular fiction depicts it to be. It is still an ever-expanding space full of sinners, but in my reign of terror I managed to make the space more livable. Office suites, open space lobby for processing new souls, centralized air conditioning across the whole building. And most of all, bright lights in every corner possible. Why Satan made Hell so dark initially was beyond me. It's so cliché. My employees and I don't have to live in darkness because darkness already lives in us.

livable. Also in Hell, every official gets to have a corner office because I can bend reality and I am a terrific boss.

"Xithhlndwxd, what is up for my agenda today?" I swiveled my chair around as I asked my secretary, Xithhlndwxd. They are a lower-class demon who doesn't have a permanent body. A formless specter, if you will.

Xithhlndwxd flicked through their little electronic tablet and began to discuss the majority of my day with me.

"This year is already looking like a great year for us, boss," Xithhlndwxd replied in a high-pitched banshee scream. "The Earth is ravaged by war as usual. We have increased productivity by 45% percent. And all your projects are doing great! However, the Human Diseases and Outbreak committee are requesting to meet with you over a new pandemic they're trying to make."

"What for? Just let them do it. I'll sign the paperwork later for legalities," I shrugged as I went on to scan through the paperwork on my desk some more.

"Outstanding decision, boss. Human Diseases committee has never failed us before."

"Right?" I nodded in full agreement. "Except for that one time with the influenza reboot. That was uninspired and unsuccessful."

"Poor planning from the administration. Fgjylo, I believe, has been fired."

I grinned darkly. "I'm glad the new demon in charge is turning things around."

"Surely," Xithhlndwxd hummed in response. "Now that the meeting with Human Diseases is out, the Public Fear Committee also wishes to meet with you."

That got my attention. The Public Fear Committee is my favorite! "I thought they're doing pretty well. Almost all Generation Z has some kind of psychopathic tendencies now. Creating little murderers should be easy."

"I'm afraid technology is also causing a spike of laziness in these young humans. They do not want to leave their houses to commit murder. I believe something called 'Neckflix' is responsible."

I would have to have a word with the Technology and Misery department head, Sloth. He's being too efficient it's ruining the competition for other committees.

I groaned and momentarily reclined in my chair. "Humans! What curious bunch. Okay, schedule this meeting after my talk with Haffa later."

Xithhlndwxd cringed. "Ooh, you're going to talk with Haffa?"



I understood their reaction because Haffa is not the most pleasant demon to talk to. And that's saying something because I'm in Hell. Haffa groans and complains a lot. I'd sometimes rather take a Cyprus olive tree stake to the heart than listen to her talk. Also, the demon tried to run against me in the last election. Haffa lost miserably as I had amassed almost 5 trillion votes and she had one.

I was her one vote.

"Don't worry, she won't bore me to death because I don't plan on letting her talk. I just want her to do me a favor and stir conflict with the Westboro Baptist Church again while I do some things."

"Why the sudden interest in them? You know, after Lauren Drain left and publicized her life, they lost a lot of members."

"Yes, but somehow I want Haffa to stir up a conflict between the Westboro Baptist Church and Flat Earthers Association. That would be entertaining."





10:00 am.

10:00 am. 10:00 am. "Hey boss, what has four legs and one arm?"

"What?"

"A hellhound in a human playground," Jimmy grinned, slacking his red arm and dangling it around to simulate a detached arm.

"Ooh, that is dark! I love it Jimmy. Keep at it."

I gave the demon a thumbs up as I made my way across desks to reach my architect's corner office. My architect proposed an open spaced floor plan for the desk jobs like customer service and IT, but it created thousands of complaints and an unforeseen conflict: it was too open. No one wanted to see other demons filing their nails in public, trimming their nose hairs, testing guillotines, having sex, baking a cake, or watching Justin Bieber. I can't have this in my my building! Hell is responsible for creating chaos in the human realm, but we don't function well with chaos inside our walls.

So here I am, meeting my architect again to discussion alternative office design. Being the devil is hard work.





12:00 pm.

12:00 pm. After going through the stack of paperwork on my desk, I would then attend my meetings. There are a lot of them so my associates and I slow down the time to really got into the nitty gritty. I believe one of these meetings even dragged on for a full year! It's truly a shame that I couldn't stop time. That is only something that God can do, that cunt.

lot I approved a couple of proposals from these meetings, one of which was to raise the quota for accepting Black Americans into Hell. I'm not racist and I hate all humans equally. Raising the quota meant lowering the bar for the sin counter, going so far as to impose the Sabbath law. Black Americans are harder to lure into Hell and I have to crack down on their demographics to really increase productivity in the books. Also, there are a lot of talks about opening up our doors for Jews because Jew heaven has reached near full capacity. They don't believe in Hell, but imagine their faces when I start accepting them into my kingdom.

The ever-going war between Heaven and Hell would also be discussed at length. How our tactics are being well-received by the human public, gathering up soldiers for the future fight. No one mentions it directly, but we are all preparing for the apocalypse. This tension between Heaven and Hell had worsened when Satan disappeared and I foresee that once the true ruler of Hell returns, it's going to be show time. What great times!

true





4:30 pm

4:30 pm

During these meetings, I would sometimes ask for a fifteen-minute break to take a little leisurely walk around Hell. Admire the beauty that I created. Chat up with a few demons, check the pit if it was still as hot as ever. That kind of stuff.

the pit I use the pit a lot to intimidate humans I visit. It is the only thing in Hell that I didn't have the heart to change because Satan herself made it. What a masterpiece! A bottomless depth full of the truly condemned who burn in holy oil for all of eternity. Their screams lull me to a relaxing state and it really centers my energy into being productive. Truly an inspiration.

the pit Sometimes in these afternoon walks I'd also stop by on Earth to see more of the place. It is crawling with filth and sin, but sometimes structures like the Burj Khalifa almost makes me want to preserve some select places on Earth. It's amazing how creatures that were almost completely primates two or three thousand years ago have the capacity to build something so magnificent, even Heaven would be envious.

I'd take a walk in the streets of France, go to some pubs in Ireland at night. I'd challenge some poor fool into a drinking game and they'd lose, of course. Then I'd travel back to good 'ol Canada and bet some drunk Canadian to chug a jug of maple syrup. The hundred dollars I'd score would be nothing compared to the sight of a drunk 23-year-old puking his guts out in the streets.

"Be careful, George," I said to him mockingly, running a hand over his back. "What doesn't kill you might make you want to kill other people."

I planted the seed of motive in his heart and gave him a revolver. I skipped over two days and found out he had killed a moose instead. Not what I wanted, but amusing nonetheless. What can I expect? He's Canadian. If I had gone to the United States, there would already be another tragic school shooting. Oh, 'tragic' is truly my favorite word.





8:20 pm

8:20 pm No matter how long my meetings drag on, I try to end it by eight-twenty. Because this time, I would look for Satan, my missing boss. No one in Hell is as concerned as me because this is Satan, after all. Next to God, she's probably the most powerful being in the cosmos. If she can't be found, then that means she doesn't want to be found.

Satan, I also use this time to check on Lily.

Lily is the first one out of what would be many surrogate mothers. An experiment. The child borne out of our deal would lead the rest of the army of cambions who will march up to Heaven and break it. But this is the first time I've actually attempted to manufacture a cambion . What a great idea for an army! Satan would be proud.

cambions cambion Whenever I visit the human, I conveniently pop around as she's sleeping, or doing mundane human tasks. Then I scour the near vicinity for men she might like. Tall and attractive, but not too attractive because she always thinks they're gay or narcissistic. Because I've gotten quite fond of Lily, I'd stay with her for a while, listening to her talk about how she hated her neighbors and how she wished she had a gluten allergy. I told her she didn't need to manufacture a fake allergy in order to be interesting.

I didn't get what her fuss about finding her 'true love' is all about. Love is pointless. I put a lot of things on Earth that are more fun than love. Of course, all of them are guaranteed to send you to Hell, but at least the ride there would be enjoyable!

Recently, Lily has made her wishes vocal about wanting a man with money, a car, and a house. I couldn't resist. I found one that matched the description perfectly , but with a little tiny hint of an extra feature. I loved messing with her.

perfectly extra

After each of her terrible dates, I'd find myself being there for her. First, I did it to gloat at my evil genius and see the life and joy fading in her eyes. But then I would remember the girl from ten years ago who looked at me like I was the one who put the sun in the sky for her. The glistening tears as she begged me to stay.

terrible I can never resist.

I would stay this time.





9:30 pm

9:30 pm Around this juncture, I would already be waiting for the other shoe to drop in Lily's dates. Of course today, she's going to find out that her investment banker boy toy is married. How exciting! I waited for her to storm outside, as the dramatic diva that she is, and I stood there in the balcony waiting for her with an evil grin.

She burst through the door and took a deep breath. The night was dark and balmy and the air was crisply salty. I didn't let my presence be known to her yet. I observed her from a few feet away, the pale moon casting a soft shadow on her form. All of a sudden, she slammed her hands on the marble banister and vulgar expletives came out of her mouth.

Mirthfully, I smiled. I've always liked this girl.

I told her to watch her language and it made her angrier as she recognized my voice. Her anger emanated in waves and I felt it fully. I reveled in it and absorbed all that I could.

"Fuck you, motherfucker! I can say whatever the fuck I want!"

She turned around and glared at me, tears glistening in her eyes. Clear emerald jewels reflected the purple streak of starlight in the sky. Something in me reeled and I started taking purposeful steps, not taking my eyes off of her. I cupped Lily's soft cheek in my hand and a part of me screamed to back away. But I didn't. Instead, I asked her to dance with me.

I changed into a tux and let the world slowly fade away as I created our own music. I saw the hesitation in her eyes and the gulp she did. But then she rested her hands on my shoulders and I pulled her closer to me.

Basked in the pale moonlight, our bodies came together and swayed with the rhythm of the night.

Lily told me she hated me, but her grip on me tightened. I could hear her heart beating loudly in her chest. If I had a heart, would it have mirrored Lily's? Is it normal for me to think about feeling ?

feeling The human I was dancing with became an enigma. For someone who had a dark past herself—despite her not remembering it—she accepted my darkness quite easily. I did terrible things to her and will still keep on doing it, but as she looked into my eyes I could tell she didn't mind. In fact, I got the feeling that she welcomed it.

I am evil incarnate. Everything I touch becomes corrupted. How can Lily allow depravity to befall on her willingly?





11:45 pm

11:45 pm At night, I'd find myself wandering into the Sinner's Arena. It contained all the sinners in Hell who are being punished for their mortal sins. I named it Arena, but the whole pace was more of an endless apartment complex with private rooms so that souls would be tortured in complete privacy.

I wasn't working in this department anymore, but the place gave me something to do in my free time. The devil apprentice deserves a break too. If it was any other night, I'd visit my favorite destinations like Hitler, Houdini or even Mother Theresa. But I was a little troubled tonight. So I figured I'd get my hands a little dirty.

I found Dominic Holloway instead. What a character. He vandalized a 150-year-old religious monument in his town, sodomized his cousin, and was in and out of jail constantly throughout his life. He was also heavily into drugs. But the cherry on top was when he beat an elderly woman to death in her mobile home just so he could get her social security check. A human worth my time.

The man was already laid out in front of me spread out, buck naked and held down by invisible cuffs. His eyes darted nervously across the room and I became drunk with his fear. Beside me were a tray of my favorite tools. Sharp, jagged and excruciating. This human foolishly believed Hell was just a place you burn in. But I'm here to prove to him that there are a lot of things worse than burning alive.

I carved every inch of him out, piece by piece. His screams echoed in Hell as the loudest as I kept him alive just so he could experience pain he has never before. The anguish and the wild howling refreshed my very being. My spirits soared as each hunk of flesh was removed from the man and his blood pooled at my feet. Delicious, filthy blood. And when there was no more of him to carve out, I'd put him back together and do it all over again.

I slowed down the time. I savored each agonizing death. The feel of metal cutting flesh and slamming a mallet on bones, breaking it to tiny pieces. It reminded me what I am: darkness. I can never escape from what I am. I can never be anything else than what I was made to be.

I am the devil.





_______________________________________





Chapter 15: Eve


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 15: Eve

Chapter 15: Eve





Eve gripped me closer to her and returned my fervour twofold. Her soft hands held me tightly locked within her embrace. I lost my mind as she kissed me fiercely, reciprocating every fiery moment shared between us. She devoured my lips with an ardour that left me breathless. My skin tingled and the ground felt softer, or was it just my knees that which wobbled weakly as I melted against her. Gentleness I've never felt before. I was willing to be consumed by our impetuous passion, to be wholly taken over as I let go of my control and drop it like a pebble on a vast ocean inconsequentially. But every moment must have an end. With a weary sigh Eve pulled away from me and I sought out her soft lips once again only to be held back by a firm hand. Her eyes met mine in one profound moment of both wonder and awe.

"Why did you do that?" Eve whispered so closely, her breath caressed my cheek.

"I..."

Because I wanted to. That's what I wanted to say to her. I wanted to confess, to reveal to her that she had always been what I longed for. I didn't care for anything else nor did my very being craved for anyone else but her.

"Lily," Eve called out to me as I desperately willed my own mouth to express the words buried in my heart.

"It is possible that I may have...fallen for you," I finally confessed.

Her glittery dark eyes widened and she dropped her arms from around me. Suddenly, I felt cold and incomplete, as if she has been the one to have brought such unsurprising warmth to my insides.

"You know I can never reciprocate your feelings in the way you want me to."

"Why did you kiss me back?" I whimpered as I tried desperately to search for any emotion on her face. Eve met my stare and all I found was a vast emptiness in her beautiful eyes.

"Because I wanted to."

Her short answer made my heart drop lower than it already has. Because she wanted to .

Because she wanted to "Do you feel anything for me at all?"

"If I did, it would be the first time that I have ever felt something in several millenniums."

I knew she was lying. If our time together was any indication of her emotions, I knew she felt something for me. But why was she holding back?

"You're not being honest. I know you care about me."

"And I do as you are an essential pawn to the apocalypse I am planning to unleash on Earth," Eve said before taking a step back, completely severing any physical connection and closeness that we have. "Make no assumption that anything I have showed you so far has any semblance to tenderness or love."

"Your actions outweigh your words. You were always there for me when I needed someone." Each time I was down, Eve was almost always there conveniently popping up and supporting me. I never noticed it at first, but there was almost a pattern to it. She sets me up with someone horrible, then after the date she sticks around to cheer me up. I never admitted it to myself, but sometimes I was even looking forward to it, hoping my date is once again dreadful so that I could see Eve.

Her brows scrunched up and she almost looked exasperated as she responded to my words. "Have you forgotten all the horrible things I put you through in the first place?"

"No. But you were the one to give me a chance at a new life," I reminded her. "You freed me of my misery."

"At a price! Have you also forgotten that I want something from you in return? And I still do. You are still to pay me for your freedom."



"A debt I will repay you," I said. Our deal didn't escape my mind. I know I still owed her my firstborn and if push comes to shove, I would just walk inside the sperm bank and have myself artificially inseminated. "But don't deny the feelings I have harbored for you ever since you came for me that night at my parents' home. You lifted me up and showed me a side of yourself that I remember being fond, forgiving and hopeful."

"That's what I do," Eve said as her tail swished erratically from behind her, mirroring her frustration. "I manipulate humans and lull them into a false sense of security to do my bidding. I have never cared for you in the way you think."

The words clung to my brain and I processed it, but it didn't reach my heart. There was a flash of emotion that I saw in her eyes which she desperately tried to bury beneath indifference and annoyance.

"Why are you trying so hard to make me turn against you?" I asked as my voice began to break.

The crimson-skinned devil paced in front of me. "Because I am the devil, Lily!" Eve almost screamed. "What good will it bring you to think that you have fallen for me?"

"And I know that! But I don't care. I really don't. I welcome every part of you."

"You don't know me. You don't know anything because you're just a human."

"Everything that you are, and everything that you have done is a part of you that I fully intend on accepting."

Eve scoffed and looked at me mockingly. "This naïveté is truly something to behold. Don't you get it, Lily? It is in my nature to destroy and to corrupt everything that I touch. You don't get to say that you accept everything about me because a part of me wants you dead and burning in Hell!"

"And so I will."

The world seemed to come to a standstill as the weight of my simple words dawned on her. I am willing to go to Hell just to make her understand that I am serious about accepting who she is. I didn't know how else to convey my words eloquently but I knew deep in my heart that I meant it. And apparently, she seemed to realize that my words are genuine because she erupted in anger.

"Are you that stupid?!" Eve burst out, facing me with her face contorting into anger. Her nostrils flared and her breathing got heavier as she shot daggers at me through her glare. It seemed like she wanted to bury me six feet under already. "You've never been to Hell but I have and I assure you it's not like anything you ever imagined it would be. It is dark, and miserable, and the people who have traded their souls for something almost always ends up in the pit. "

the pit. This sudden display of fierce reaction egged me on. I wanted her to let go and to finally give me the real reason she didn't want to divulge her inner sentiments. And so I probed even further, making a claim so ridiculous it ought to ignite a reaction out of her.

"Eve, I don't care. I know you're hiding behind your words because you're scared of something."

"How preposterous!" she bellowed.

I continued, holding her stare. "You're scared of admitting that you feel something for me because you've never felt anything like this before and it scares you. You don't know how to react."

"Lily, you don't understand. What I am, what I am capable of—" Eve sighed, beginning to fall apart at the seams. "You should be terrified of me. Why aren't you?"

I took a bold step forward and held her warm hands. "Nothing is to be feared, only understood."

Silence expanded between us as neither of us knew where to go from here. I matched her iron will with my stubbornness as I didn't plan on giving up the only chance I had of ever feeling real love. But finally, Eve sighed.

real

"I can't lead you into depravation."

She spoke so softly I almost missed it. But her words came through and it gave me a sense that somehow, I had gotten through to her. I put a gentle hand on her cheek to cup her face in my hand and to make her eyes meet mine. I knew then that for the first time since I told her how I felt, she was speaking the truth. Her truth.

Her "You don't have to be afraid. I love you." I said directly to her for the first time and I watched as her eyes became glossed with inner torment. It was hard tell if my admission brought her any joy because the next moment she almost cried—face a scene of lamentation.

"No, you don't understand. You...it's not that easy," she breathed as I desperately searched her eyes for the confirmation of my feelings being returned.

"Tell me, then," I prodded. "Tell me why can't we be together?"

"The moment my soul touches yours in admission of mutual love is the moment you are tainted forever. You can never ascend into heaven and you will be forever cursed to suffer God's wrath."

"Like I said, I don't ca—"

"This isn't just about me anymore, Lily!" Eve erupted. "This is about you . You don't know God like I do and the last time they were angry, they drowned the whole world. So I'm sorry, Lily. I really am."

you "What? What do you mean?"

"I'm sorry."

Her words were followed by her planting one final searing kiss on my lips and as I closed my eyes, for a brief moment of realization, I knew then why she was apologizing. Quickly, I caught her free hand before it touched my temple. I pulled away. Tears began to pool in my eyes as I stared at the being that both held my heart and my soul in her hands but has yet to take responsibility for it.

"Don't," I pleaded, gripping her wrist tightly as I let the tears flow.

I knew what she was about to do and I never want her to take away the remaining joy that I had inside of me. I met Eve's pitying eyes and I smiled sadly.

"This time...this time I want to remember."

Eve furrowed her eyebrows. "But I can take away the pain."

"If you take away this pain, how will I remember you?" I uttered in a melancholic voice. "I want— need to remember you."

need "No one has ever wished to suffer pain willingly for me before," Eve admitted.

"You are a memory to be treasured."

Then she let go. Dark beady eyes peered into my very soul as we both stood motionless on soft ground, almost holding each other but not quite. She broke my heart. But here I am, thinking that if she wanted it ten, fifteen years in the future, I'd give it to her still.

The last image my brain managed to capture was a genuine smile on her dark, vulpine lips—a smile which touched me. Soft crimson cheek touched ever so slightly by the glowing afternoon sunlight. Ethereal. The most shocking rays of pinks and oranges hit her just right and framed her features so perfectly. Eve is so beautiful. But then she was gone in a flash without a trace, as if her existence before had been truly one that was of my own mind. An illusion, a specter. But the fresh pain which sliced at my core and stabbed at my whole being reminded me that I still had memories of her. I had my love, unreturned and achingly heavy.

I let my tears flow for a moment. Or two. Or three. I allowed myself to feel the cutting pain of rejection once again. How profound that as I regained my memories of my past and allowed myself to learn from them, I had made the mistake of baring my heart to the devil for the second time.

Do humans ever truly learn in love or are we destined to be slaves to our most innate desires?

I purring caught my attention and I looked down to see Thing rubbing at my ankles, gawking at me with her feline eyes. I managed to let out a small laugh wrangled with a sob as I picked her up and I buried my face into her fur lovingly. And for the first time, the fat cat let me hold her.

"Why did she have to go, Thing?" I asked my companion, my words muffled by her short bristly fur. Thing wriggled in my arms and finally had enough, jumping to the ground and meowing at me. It was a conversation that can only be decoded between pet and owners. And somehow, despite the horrible day that I had, it gave me a reason to smile.

"Didn't she like me back?" I whispered into the air and hoped it would carry my hopelessness and heartbreak with it. Wherever it may take it. I took a few handfuls of the Lily in the Valley flowers and gave it another sniff, wanting to frown myself in Eve's scent again. It was far from spring but why these flowers are blooming now gave me at least a spark of hope.

So with a handful of the said plant and my cat in my arms, I bid a last farewell to my mother's grave with a promise to visit more often. Then I made my way back to my car to get back to my life. I haven't lost hope yet.

After all when the Lily of the Valley blooms, happiness is said to return.





_____________________________________





Chapter 16: The Rock People


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 16: The Rock People

Chapter 16: The Rock People





The mornings just didn't seem as bright anymore. My morning chai latte wasn't as satisfying, the rigorous morning work outs don't give me the same buzz, and secretly judging pedestrians walking by brought a twinge of pain in my chest. For a brief moment I wondered if my brain had malfunctioned and lost the ability to produce endorphins. Truly comical, if I must say. I worried and glossed over the thought of forever suffering from heartbreak, but from experience I reckon it's just one of those whirlwind romances that'll lose traction in time. I'll get over it. I'll get over her.

those A knock from the door made me turn my head so fast I almost wondered why it didn't snap. Quickly, I gathered my wits and calmed my furiously pounding heart as I ran over to the door, hoping and praying it was someone I longed to see the most.

But yeah, I'll get over her soon.

I whisked the door open and found my neighbor Ahmed smiling at me. I didn't even bother to hide my disappointment.

"Hey, Ahmed," I said with a sigh, looking the Japanese man over. Ahmed is an averagely-built man in what I estimate to be his late thirties. He had a greasy, black hair he always styled slicked back. Sunken eyes in dark circles from staying up late reading conspiracy blogs, always inquisitively darting to and fro. He is a meek man in slim stature but bold in his thoughts and ideologies.

"Good morning, Lily!" he said as he waved a few papers in front of my face.

Oh God, here we go again.

Oh God, here we go again. "Is this about the Lizard People again, Ahmed?"

He laughed coyly and shook of his head. "No, but I'm glad you're still thinking about it. Lizard people are very real and they control everything. Everything , Lily!"

Everything I plastered a polite smile on my face and nodded, planning on quickly dismissing him. I didn't have the time or the energy to listen to one of his rants again. "That sounds great, Ahmed. If you'll excuse me, I have to get back to something," I said, throwing a thumb over my shoulder motioning my living room, hoping it'll be enough to signify that I am busy.

"Oh, no, this'll just be quick," he raised his hands in alarm. Without another word, he handed me a pamphlet of some sorts and naturally, I read the headline.





The World Keeps on Turning. Or does it?

The World Keeps on Turning. Or does it? Learn about the secrets of the hidden Earth and more on ahmedseesall.com

Learn about the secrets of the hidden Earth and more on ahmedseesall.com





"Wow," I said, truly speechless. "You got a website, huh?"

"Yes, yes. As of today, it's already up and running so be sure to check it out. I have put all of my life's work in that site and I have something for everyone."

Ahmed's enthusiasm was hard to shut down, especially when he was looking at me like I had the secrets to the whole universe. "I have to be honest, Ahmed, I'm not really into theories and stuff."

"Oh, but I'm sure you'll fins some of my articles to be quite a read. I have a feature for Lilith, the first woman on Earth. And another one for the president of Russia. Spoiler alert—"

"Let me guess," I interrupted him with a knowing smile. "Lizard person?"

"No! It's even worse," Ahmed looked to his right and then left, as if checking for anyone who might overhear our apparently confidential conversation. Then he started to lean in carefully. From an outsider's perspective, it almost looked like we were gossiping.



"Dude, you literally have a blog—"

"Rock people!" he whisper shouted near my ear before stepping back and acting like he just didn't say the most...outrageously absurd thing. "I have worked so much into my research and I found the secret. You can learn more about them in my website. Be prepared to have your mind blown, Lily."

them "Rock people, huh?" I asked for confirmation and the man nodded jovially. Bless him. It truly is such a bliss to be so simple.

"Not only that, but Rock people have been breeding with us humans for ages, it will definitely not come as a surprise if you find out that you're part Rock!"

"How about you? Are you part rock?"

"No, I already checked myself. But Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson?" Ahmed winked at me and looked like he was sharing another one of his top-secret information. "I mean, how obvious can it get? He intentionally used his species name as his monicker to hide in plain sight That clever man. You have to watch out, Lily. Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is dangerous!"

I almost let out a little laugh at that point but I held it in. How do you even check for Rock People genes? Instead, I sighed conclusively and returned Ahmed's smile. "Tell you what, if I somehow miraculously cross paths with The Rock, I will make sure to stay away from him."

"But be sure to observe him! You'll notice he has tougher skin than most people."

"Okay, bye Ahmed!" I started to step back from the doorway and grab on to the doorknob.

"And his ridiculous body is to lure women into spreading his Rock people see—"

If he had anything more to say, the words became muffled as I completely shut the door on him. What an interesting individual. Looking down on my hand, I still had his pamphlet on me. Despite my previously heavy thought I just found myself laughing and putting the piece of paper on my coffee table, fully intent on visiting Ahmed's site just for shits and giggles. I needed this refreshing occurrences in my life. I needed a distraction. But rather than filling my empty void with meaningless sex again, I figured I'd go for the next best thing: Netflix and ice cream.

I didn't know how else I could spend the rest of my day. I didn't have to work, given that I'm pretty much set with the money that I have in my bank account. Now that I think about it, my parents' trust fund money I have been living off of for most of my adult life must definitely have come from Eve because the last I remembered, my biological father gambled all of our savings away and I barely had enough money to bury my own mother. How depressing.

Before I can settle down on my couch and enjoy watching Sugar Rush, I noticed that the sky was darkening for quite a bit. I remembered the shoes I had left outside to dry and rushed to my backyard. Gathering my still-damp sneakers inside my arms, I quickly tried to rush back inside the house as the air felt colder and denser.

A soul-rattling crash caught my attention and I instinctively flinched, hiding behind my patio table. I dropped all my freshly cleaned sneakers in panic. Peeking from my hiding place, I found that the grass on my backyard developed a small splotch of wiggling soil. From that spot the ground rumbled and opened up, bringing with it the fresh smell of ground after a rain. Soil crumbled and spewed out of the now widening pit of darkness which I vaguely recognized from Eve's entrance. Only, the devil apprentice herself was nowhere to be seen and in her stead is another terrifying demon hovering over the dark, menacing pit.

This new character stood tall, taller than me by almost a feet. Her skin is an even ruby tone from head to toe. Coiled horns sat atop her head, peeking from her meticulously coiffed black hair. But rather than her horns being ram-like in nature and terrifyingly pointy like Eve's, this demon's crowning glory stood sleek and bull-like: curved only ever so slightly towards each other. A tail was also missing from her whole ensemble.



She took a few steps forward, her eyes beady and dark as the sinister look she had on her face. There was no warmth or any hint of kindness within her. But I found out instantly that I had gotten quite used to seeing a demon when the skin, the horns and the fangs no longer intimidated me but the pantsuit the new demon was sporting, along with the thick rimmed glasses perched upon her straight sculpted nose, did. It ticked me off. She looked reminiscently like my old high school librarian.

demon "Hello, Lili ," her voice was a touch raspy yet achingly sweet. She sounded like what I imagined Ariana Grande would if she smoked a pack everyday for the rest of eternity.

Lili I didn't even faze when this demon stood in front of me, sneering at me through her deceptively soulful-looking eyes. The demon's face was lackluster and eerily blank. Her face was long and pointy. Mouth painted black with the edges of her vampiric fangs peeking out. Despite all this, she looked strikingly beautiful.

"What do you want?"

The new demon sighed and rolled her eyes, shifting her weight on one foot. Her eyebrows arched perfectly as she looked at me up and down, as if observing me. "My name is Haffa and I am here as the devil's associative. I will be representing my boss from now on until the end of your deal."

"Where is she?" I dared to ask defiantly, stepping toe to toe with the otherwise terrifying being.

"She's busy conquering the rest of the world."

That was her short answer. It made me groan in frustration. "That fucking coward. And you're telling me you work for the devil?"

"The hauntingly charming, manipulative sociopath devil's apprentice wholly devoted to Satan who also decided to make my whole career a big, fat joke?" the demon asked dryly. That painstaking description was Eve, alright. I could tell there seems to be some bad blood between them.

"I'm guessing you don't like her that much."

Haffa sighed again. "No, I don't. I honestly would prefer to work for Paimon, that bastard. But the boss entrusted me with your contract so I must see to it that you're still aware of its existence."

"If she wanted me to go through the deal still, she would have to tell it to me herself!" I exploded in anger and in frustration. How convenient that Eve just sent some lower grunt worker to do her dirty work for her.

"I'll have you know that I am a higher class demon and I am the executive director of my own department in Hell," Haffa retorted with an arched eyebrow. "Not some lower grunt worker. "

lower grunt worker. I tried to quell the heat I felt in my cheeks from the embarrassment of forgetting that demons can read minds. After clearing my throat, I tried again.

"Why are you here, then?"

"You know what, I like you," Haffa concluded with a small sound of intrigued discovery. "The boss has certainly picked a worthy surrogate for Hell's soldiers. However, I'll have you know that it is in your best interest to conceive in the next seven days in which you will be at your most fertile state. Failure to spawn a viable offspring within this time frame will mean that your gestation period will most likely exceed the one-year period specified in the contract."

I swallowed the lump in my throat. I wasn't aware that I had only this little time in my hands. Looking up, I tried to ask Haffa a question. "What happens if I fail to give Eve my firstborn?"

Haffa pushed her glasses up the bridge of her nose and thought for a second, as if recalling information from a source. "Well, according to your contract, you will immediately be cast down to Hell despite not having lived the rest of your natural life. Or the boss can also opt to forcibly make you carry her offspring, which I doubt she can do given both of your natures."

"Both of our natures? What the fuck does that mean?"

Haffa sighed. "If I were you, I'd just get this over and done with. I don't know how humans conceive but it sounds easier compared to what lies waiting for you in Hell. I'm a demon and even I don't like that place."

That got an eyebrow raise from me. "Why are you lying? A demon not liking Hell is like a dragon not wanting treasures or princesses."

"My," Haffa commented and I caught just the hint of a smile beginning to form on her expressionless face. "You are pretty sharp for a human."

"Thank you. Now can you ask Eve to see me?"

"I'd love to, but I'm afraid she has more important things to do. And I don't want to piss her off. I had to do a lot of hate-building for her last time. I mean, I know I manage the department responsible for Cults, but did I really have to step on Earth and handle Flat Earthers? Satan in Hell!" Haffa cursed, standing up rigidly once again and smoothing her immaculate pantsuit.

"Come on, Haffa. At least tell me how to reach out to her!"

The demon smirked for the first time, looking vaguely like Eve it almost drove me mad. "Sorry. Just remember that you have choices to make, Lily. Choose wisely."

And then she was gone again, making me grip my hair and scream out in frustration. Demons, I tell you.





_____________________________





Chapter 17: Matteo


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 17: Matteo

Chapter 17: Matteo





I never once thought that I would have to put a deadline on conceiving my own child, nevertheless actually thinking about having a child of my own. Sure, I used to want a husband, but a child has always been something that I didn't see myself having. Why? Children are goddamn human beings who will rely on you for emotional support for life . They are extremely fragile. Parents who are not truly ready to raise another human being could run the risk of fucking their child up to gigantic proportions. Like what happened to me. I don't want to raise a child just to make them suffer in their later years or have them spend a fortune on therapy. Furthermore, knowing myself, I would probably raise a hell spawn of a child. I'd rather have no kid than have to face the fact that I added another asshole to the collection of assholes in the world.

life And yet like the true hypocrite that I am, I scheduled for an appointment with the local fertility clinic for an insemination. It literally took me only a couple of hours to find an anonymous donor, surprising the staff. But I knew Eve or Haffa, or whatever asshole demon is in charge of me now, will find a way to make the biological father of my child someone I wouldn't have chosen to begin with. Why bother?

Speaking of, when Haffa the demon announced I only had a few days, I immediately called to meet with my doctor and discuss options. She recommended me to undergo a series of psych tests first, given my sudden "erratic" and "impulsive" behavior. Then at the fertility clinic itself, I also had to attend a couple of sessions with their in-house family therapist and counselor. Luckily, or was it because of satanic intervention, I managed to dodge most of the interviews and counseling to finally get an appointment. The appointment. And it was on the last day of my fertile window too. Cutting it pretty fucking close.

satanic The I was doing it for the wrong reasons, I know. I'm pretty aware that despite my new motto to change and be a better person, I still had to save my soul. It's my soul. It's probably the only thing I get to bring with me after death and it would be such a bummer if I didn't value it as much as Eve apparently values it. All her words about not wanting to taint me with her darkness and bringing me to depravation haunted me. I'm not worth that much as a human being, so why would she even care if I throw myself down to Hell?

my I chose to bury my sentiments deep inside my heart. Whatever's done is done. Eve made her choice just as I'm making mine. By tomorrow morning, I would already be on my way to redeeming myself from the devil. For now, I would go home for the evening and spend some quality time with my cat. Or so I thought. My cellphone rang quite loudly and I slowed my driving down just enough to peek at the caller ID.

It was Greg. I accepted the call and put him on speakerphone.

"Hey Greg," I called out.

"Lily! Thank God you picked up."

"I'm an atheist, Greg," I reminded him playfully before noticing the hint of seriousness in his voice. "Why? What's wrong?"

"I need you to pick me up at the elementary school between the 7th and 1st street. Please, Lily."

I furrowed my eyebrows worriedly. "Okay, but are you alright?"

"Yes, yes. I just need to ask you a favor."

I took the next turn and veered off my usual route home to where Greg asked me to go. I knew the school he was talking about and it wasn't that far from where I currently am. "Okay Greg. Just sit tight I'm already on my way."

"Thank you, Lils."

Then he ended the call. I worried about him. He almost never calls me, preferring to text instead. And there was something about his whole frantic call too. Nevertheless, I sped up and reached my destination in record time. Looking out the window, I immediately spotted Greg's hulking frame standing just outside the school doors. When he recognized my car, he waved me over and I parked conveniently next to him.



"Hey, what's with the call?" I asked him through the open window and he ducked to peer into me at the driver's seat.

"Lily, I have a huge favor to ask you," the professor asked.

"What is it?"

"Can I ask you to look after my nephew for a while?" Greg asked and then stepping slightly to the side to reveal a young boy, about 6 or 7, holding his backpack by the straps and looking at me dead in the eye.

"What?!"

"Look, I know this seems sudden but this is an emergency," Greg hurried, burying his face in his palms as he sighed. "My sister just called and she's about to give birth, but her son of a b—" Greg paused, as if only then realizing his nephew was there with him. "Her husband just left her. And she needs me with her there, but I can't bring Matteo with me to the hospital. It's a school night, and well, it's not really a place for a child."

husband "Greg," I almost choked. "I am the last person you should trust with a child."

"Please, Lily," Greg begged almost desperately. "I would have asked Liz but she's on a business trip right now. And you're the only other person I trust enough to look after Matteo."

I gulped. Momentarily, my eyes landed on the boy again. He had Greg's mousy brown hair and big, brown eyes. He seemed a bit short for his age, a fact further emphasized by his cheeseburger shaped backpack dwarfing him almost. I knew I would regret it, but finally I sighed and nodded at the desperate man about to burst into tears.

"Okay, okay," I said and then unlocked my doors.

"Oh, thank you!" Greg said before quickly picking Matteo up like nothing and putting him on my backseat. "His extra clothes are in his backpack and call me if ever he acts up." Greg circled around to the driver's side and gave me a short, one-armed hug before running off to his own car.

"Wait! Don't I need to have a car sea—"

Greg drove away, my question only dreaming to ever reach him. Chuckling nervously, my eyes darted to the rearview mirror and I found Matteo staring at me wide-eyed.

"Hey, kid. My name is Lily," I started awkwardly. Kids can understand names, right?

"I'm Matteo," he replied in his teeny voice, still staring at me. "I'm six."

"Okay," Beyond weirded out, I stepped outside my car and went around to put him in a seat belt. I was too big for him, but I managed to somehow make it work lest I get pulled over and arrested for child endangerment. "You comfortable, kid?"

"Am I going to have a baby brother?" Matteo asked instead.

"Yes. Or a baby sister. Pretty cool, right?"

"I want a boy brother."

"Well, we'll find out tomorrow, kid."

Quickly, I made my way back home where I know Thing is already waiting for me, hungry. I forgot to feed her because I had been going around town all day getting the necessary paperworks for my insemination. A few times, I checked up on Matteo on my back seat and he seemed to be an okay kid. He talked a little bit and I found myself engaging in a conversation with him eagerly.

After I pulled into my driveway, I turned the car off and helped Matteo get down. His short legs couldn't reach the ground yet. We entered my house and I got him settled on my couch. Thing conveniently popped out, meowing and complaining about not being fed. I saw Matteo's eyes go wide and he immediately went after my cat, his little legs creating soft little patters on hardwood floors.

"Kitty!"

I laughed as the little kid chased the hissing cat all over my living room, his gleeful little laughs echoing in my walls. Still laughing, I swooped in and scooped Thing into my arms before sitting down on the couch. Naturally curious, Matteo tentatively took a closer step towards me, naughty little eyes darting between me and the cat.



"Come closer, Matteo. Kitty doesn't bite," I urged him and firmly held Thing.

"Can I pet her?" Matteo asked hopefully, which made me smile.

"Of course, here give me your hand," I took his stubby little fingers and put it over Thing, making the boy giggle as he started to run his hands all over my cat's fur.

"So soft!" He exclaimed with a giggle.

I let Matteo play with Thing for a while before I noticed that his eyelids were starting to droop a little. Naps. Kids need naps, I remembered. So I excused myself and quickly went to my room, taking all of my new pillows. When I got back, Matteo had already climbed up on the couch and was sleepily leaning on the couch arm.

"Okay, kid. Here you go."

I made a comfy little spot for him on my couch using my pillows. I took his backpack and put it aside, taking his little shoes off too. Matteo settled on my spot, dozing off in an instant. He looked so tiny compared to the whole couch and I feared he would just slip off. I decided on scooting my coffee table closer and putting a pillow barrier before it to catch him if he indeed rolled over in his sleep. Making note of the time, I realized I would have to make dinner for him too.

"Fuck, what do children eat?" I asked myself rhetorically. Thoroughly ashamed, I decided to Google the answer. Better safe than sorry. After several minutes of browsing, I quickly realized something. "I can't fucking make this shit. I can barely feed myself," I whispered, taking quick glances at the sleeping Matteo. And what about if he has allergies? I can't rush him to the hospital the same time his own mother is there! She's kill me.

Finally, I called Greg to ask for help. Thankfully, Matteo has only a mild peanut allergy and when I asked what to feed his nephew, Greg said to just order pizza. So pizza it is. No sugary stuff though, because Google warned me it would be bad for children, especially before bedtime. Who knew?

It was almost nearly six in the evening when Matteo woke up. Thankfully, I already had the pizza delivered and ready for us. Thing was, as usual, dining on her chicken and looking at us like we were peasants.

"Kid, do you have a toothbrush?" I asked Matteo while I was waiting for him to finish his bath. Quirky little thing. He insisted on washing himself, though I did lay down his pjs for him. Every second that he wasn't within my sights, I worried. What if he suddenly slipped and cracked his head open?

"Yeah. It's a Shark toothbrush," he answered before humming the Peppa Pig theme song and splashing around the tub. It was almost too adorable.

I didn't know when his bedtime is, nor did I want to bother Greg to ask about it too so I assumed it would be around ten or eleven. That was my bedtime when I was growing up. So we both settled in front of the TV for the meantime and I let him choose a movie we could watch. He chose Coco . I had a vague sense as to what it was about, but I'm not really interested in animated films so I never checked it out. Before the movie started, I turned the lights off and felt Matteo settle close to my side. I let him and even wrapped a soothing arm around his body.

Coco Oh god, this is supposed to be a children's movie! What the fuck?

Oh god, this is supposed to be a children's movie! What the fuck? I sniffled and tried to control my sobs, but it still came out in little sporadic hiccups. I looked down to check on Matteo and the kid isn't even awake anymore! He just left me hanging! Cursing internally, I decided to soldier on and fucking finish Coco anyway. How could something so innocent break my heart like this?

Coco When the credits were finally rolling and I had gotten my tears dried, I looked down and peered at Matteo who had both arms around me and leaning against my chest, fast asleep. A weird sensation came over my chest and I cursed at Coco again for ruining me.

Coco I carried Matteo to my bed and tucked his little body in, making sure that he was surrounded by a fort of pillows so that he wouldn't fall. My bed was considerably tall and him falling from it would break his little bones. Then I settled on the couch, Thing at my feet. I fell asleep with a small smile on my face.

The next morning I had to get up earlier than I ever had since I was in college? Or high school? I had to get Matteo at school by 8. Luckily I had some frozen waffles and frozen fruits. I fed the kid and quickly got him ready, tucking in his little shirt inside his tan shorts and combing his hair adorably to the side. His blazer was the last piece to complete his adorable school boy ensemble.Then we were off to school!

"Okay, kid, this is your stop," I said as I got Matteo out of my car, taking his tiny hand and letting him guide me to his homeroom. The kid was in first grade still.

"Hi! Are you Lily?"

The homeroom teacher asked me as I successfully managed to pry Matteo away from me and ask him to join his classmates, bribing him with a nut-free chocolate bar.

"Yes," I replied to the young woman with a smile, glancing at Matteo as he made his way to his chair and began talking animatedly to his friends. "Matteo's mother is in the hospital and his uncle asked me to look after him last night."

The woman with red hair gave me a friendly smile of her own and nodded. "I'm Anna. Greg took off in a hurry yesterday, that poor guy. Anyway, thank you for taking care of him. I'm sure Greg would be able to pick him up later in the day. But if he isn't, can I have your contact information?"

"Oh, of course," I whipped my phone out and we quickly exchanged phone numbers.

After the pleasantries, I made a final wave to Matteo before turning around and walking back to my car. He really is a cute kid. Before I covered any significant distance though, a little voice called out for me and I turned around just in time for Matteo to wrap his arms around my thighs and give me his version of a teeny bear hug. I patted his head. "Geez kid, are you allowed to run in the hallways?"

"Thank you, Lily," he said with his big brown eyes and I almost felt a punch to the gut.

"You're welcome, kid," I smiled at him and urged him to go back, promising I'll visit him soon.





________________________________





Author's Note:

Author's Note: Hello to you beautiful, lovely readers. As of uploading this chapter, I have already finished writing this fic completely. But I won't upload all chapters at once because I will still be editing them. Definitely watch out for the book cover change in the future because it will indicate that I have finished the whole book, editing with proofreading and all. Anyway, I hope I have written this novel well enough to be reread-worthy. Happy Pride Month to you all and please, take care!

Hello to you beautiful, lovely readers. As of uploading this chapter, I have already finished writing this fic completely. But I won't upload all chapters at once because I will still be editing them. Definitely watch out for the book cover change in the future because it will indicate that I have finished the whole book, editing with proofreading and all. Anyway, I hope I have written this novel well enough to be reread-worthy. Happy Pride Month to you all and please, take care! book cover change whole





-Potato

-Potato





Chapter 18: The Dark Lord


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 18: The Dark Lord

Chapter 18: The Dark Lord





I found myself crying inside my car just after I dropped Matteo off. I didn't know why, but I felt suddenly saddened. My time with the little kid really messed with me. Or maybe it was because of Coco , I don't know. But I definitely felt something I haven't before. Only I can't seem to put my finger on it. Was it loneliness? A sudden wave of hormonal fluctuations? Guilt?

Coco There are no other ways to explain my sudden odd behavior.

Rather than phoning Greg, I decided to send him a text and a quick head's up that I will be joining him in the hospital to congratulate the new mother. I don't know what to get a person who had just given birth, so I made a quick detour and got some flowers. Hopefully, Matteo's mother isn't allergic to pollen. Along the way I passed by Angelo's restaurant and felt another fresh wave of pain in my chest. All the people whose time I've wasted just because I couldn't commit. It was unfair. How many other people's lives am I going to ruin just because I can't take responsibility for my actions?

Ironically, Matteo's mom Leah, was admitted to St. Peter's. The same hospital I was brought in after I broke my butt. The day Eve came for me. Greg told me he would be in the neonatal wing and invited me to see his new niece. I'm not a fan of children, but I found myself hauling ass just so I could get a glimpse of a literal child. How ironic. But babies are the phase 1 of children, so maybe they don't count?

After speaking to a nurse and asking for directions, I was directed to the right wing and found Greg with his back against me and peering through the clear glass which separated him and his niece.

"Hey, new uncle!" I greeted jovially and watched as Greg turned. He subtly wiped a tear away and smiled widely at me as I gave him a comforting hug. "Congratulations."

Greg chuckled. "Don't let Leah hear you say that to me. She was the one who pushed Rafaela out of her."

"Still, what a momentous occasion, no?" I asked, smacking his cheek playfully and feeling the rough beard underneath. Greg had huge eye bags and dark circles, and he appeared to be really tired. But he looked happy.

"Wanna see her?" he asked and I nodded promptly as he whisked me towards the viewing panel. There were so many babies. Little bundles of crying messes of all colors and strong set of lungs. Greg pointed to the baby with a pink bow who was sleeping peacefully, two babies from the left. They were all beautiful babies but little Rafaela was a sweet little angel.

"She's so cute," I whispered, placing a hand on the glass and trying to get a better look.

"She is. She looks a little bit like Matteo too when he was a baby."

"That's awesome. I didn't know baby siblings could look alike. You look a little bit like Matteo."

"That's because Leah and I are fraternal twins," Greg explained. "We're both really close so it hurts me that her asshole of a husband isn't here for his daughter's birth."

"Well, it's his loss. Because look at her," I cooed, pointing at the baby. "She's so precious."

Greg only chuckled and put an arm around my shoulder as we both watched his newborn niece. Greg already had the chance to hold Rafaela the moment she was born.

"How about we visit the mother?" I asked after some time.

"Just don't hit on my sister," Greg joked and I struck him with a closed fist. He lead me to a private room where Leah was resting. The woman looked tired but like Greg, she looked really happy and at peace. She thanked me for watching over Matteo and apologized if he ever caused me any trouble. Giving her the flowers, I adamantly shook my head no. Matteo was a delight to babysit.



I stayed for an hour more, chatting with Leah and asking her about herself and motherhood. It was an experience that I wasn't going to go through, but I felt a certain ease of knowing what it could be like. Because it sounded ridiculous. Children will break your heart and always do things to intentionally upset you, but as Leah said, you will always love them unconditionally. Science cannot possibly explain.

I left the hospital in deep thoughts after that.

Babies don't actually sound so bad. I know I will never have the full experience of being a mother and that's okay, but I wondered what my child would look like. Would she have long lashes too? Emerald eyes and jawline for days? Can I have it in my conscience to bear a child and have them experience the same pain and suffering that I did because I had irresponsible parents?

I immediately poured myself a strong cup of coffee when I got back to my house. Not a huge fan of coffee, but I needed something to offset these invasive thoughts inside my head. I was aware that I had my appointment at the fertility clinic in mere minutes, but I refused to move. My gaze firmly glued itself to the floor and I just stared.

Unexpectedly, my phone began to buzz and with my heart pounding in my chest, I laid it on my counter and just stared at it. It was from the clinic. Gulping, I knew what I had to do.

I ended the call.

Hell better prepare for me, then.

Hell better prepare for me, then. "I see you have made your decision."

A honeyed voice I've never heard before spoke from behind me, causing me to turn around in haste. I only found Thing on my island counter lazily yawning.

"Thing, it's only you. I swear I'm losing my mind and hearing things," I sighed.

"Oh you're not wrong alright."

My jaw slacked open when Thing began to speak. I distinctly saw her little jaw moving up and down as the voice came from within her.

"What the He—"

And then the soul-rattling crash was back and the sky flashed with lightning. A thunder followed the flash of light and it rumbled so powerfully, the ground shook. I watched as Thing's feline body began to shift and grow. Outside the sky began to darken ominously and for a few second, total darkness enveloped our whole neighborhood.

As the ground continued to rumble and the temperature dropped, I basked in total darkness and felt my heart thundering wildly in my chest. This is unlike anything I have ever encountered before. The sky swirled different hues of gray and the darkest of black. Birds dropped from where they flew. Animals all cried out and called wildly. When the darkness was done eclipsing the morning sun, an eery red hue stayed in the clouds. From the outside I heard cars stops and people exclaiming in wonder. But my eyes couldn't trail away from the sight in front of me.

What I previously thought as my cat had become a fully grown woman. Lithe body covered in a sheer white nightgown. There seemed to be no undergarments. Skin as pale as milk and hair feverishly curled and dark. Her long face had an angelic, delicate features of a young maiden but the crimson-red feline eyes which bore into me showed the darkness that resided within her.

I lost my train of thoughts completely as I felt the power emanating from the woman grinning sinisterly at me.

"Lily, it's nice to finally meet you."

Her melancholic honeyed voice cause my heart to suddenly stop as is struck my chest and gripped it tightly. I couldn't breathe. Slumping down, I clawed for air as I was losing grip of my consciousness.

"Oh, sorry about that. I never thought your body would be so...mortal," the woman said before hopping off the counter and taking leisurely steps towards me. Her cruel eyes pierced me as she looked down. Before my vision went dark, she touched my chest and suddenly the air wasn't as empty as before. I greedily filled my lungs with as much air as I can as her chilling laughter echoed all around us.



"That's for putting me on a diet."

With those words, I stopped. What the fuck did she just say?

What the fuck did she just say? "I didn't need to be put on a ridiculous diet. I was a perfectly healthy cat, for your information," the woman said as she smirked at me viciously.

"Wha—"

"What," she raised her perfectly sculpted eyebrow and made fun of me even further. "Cat got your tongue?"

It dawned on me that this woman, and my outrageously obese cat, are the same beings.

"I wasn't outrageously obese," she frowned, as if offended. And of course, she can also read my mind. Fucking demons.

"Guess again, Lily," she said in a singsong voice, elegantly sitting herself on my counter stool. "I did miss the feeling of being able to sit."

"You—" I wheezed, still not able to have the courage nor enough brain cells to formulate my words.

"—Am Satan, yes," she finished for me. "And I am here because I am curious as to why you just decided to go to Hell."

I gulped. I still couldn't fucking believe it. Eve wasn't even able to find her and she was with us all along! Meeting Satan is the furthest thing on my to do list. In fact, despite my decision to willingly go to Hell just now, I still wished I wouldn't meet her. She lived up to expectations. Satan is terrifying. She is dripping with malevolence and ungodly aura, able to corrupt the air around her and all that which dared to step foot near her. What's even worse is that she is deceptively ethereal, like poisoned flower luring you into your own demise.

But to answer her question, I managed to pic myself up from the floor to give myself some dignity.

"I—I can't go through with the deal," I finally said. "If I'm going to be punished for making a deal with the devil, I'm going to go through it alone."

"Ah, yes. Your experience with Matteo changed you. Grabby little boy, isn't he?" Satan smirked.

"Are you here to take me to Hell?" I asked, voice shaking.

Satan only smiled at me coyly and rested her face on her palm, looking at me like I just said the most amusing thing she has ever heard. "Ah, but I'm on vacation right now."

"So, no?"

Satan cackled evilly. "I wonder how Eve would feel if she found out what you just did. She does care about you, you know?"

"What? How do you know that?" I couldn't help the sudden heat on my cheek which further amused the true ruler of Hell.

"Oh, you're adorable. But let's get back on track now, shall we? Eve made sure that little 'ol you had all the opportunities not to go to Hell. Legally, she cannot just grant you your heart's deepest desire without anything in return, so she made up this little firstborn fiasco instead of asking for your soul."

not "B-but I thought she wanted a Cambion army."

Cambion "Well, she has to explain her decision to her subordinates eventually. And it's actually a pretty great plan, now that I think about it. I'm really glad they chose Eve to take over," Satan nodded to herself. "But Cambions can easily be made in Hell by two demons too, contrary to what Eve said. Demons just aren't interested in procreation."

Cambions Meanwhile, my head spun from the revelation she just said to me. Eve really did that?

"And before you accuse me of lying, Lily, I'd have to remind you that I am still an angel and it would serve me no purpose to lie to you," she added.

"Why are you telling me all of this?" I cried out as I started to storm through all of my memories of Eve. She cared. She cared about me.

"Because I have gotten quite tired of watching you two," Satan sighed and twirled her lock of curly hair. "It was more fun when you were running around trying to find a husband and Eve was pathetically waiting for you."

"You can't convince me you actually want to help us out of the goodness of your heart."

"Well, that and I realized I owed Eve for running Hell beautifully while I was gone. And for the whole Cambion army idea too. Really ingenious."

Cambion Once again, Satan laughed darkly which caused the whole house to shake, paintings on the wall rattling. Still with a malicious smile on her face, she tossed me something which I caught Immediately.

It was a coin.

Unsurely, I glanced back at Satan and she only shrugged listlessly.

"Go ahead and call for her."





__________________________





Chapter 19: Surrender


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 19: Surrender

Chapter 19: Surrender





"Go ahead and call for her."

"Go ahead and call for her." I inspected the coin in my hand which was only a tad bigger than a regular quarter. It had inscriptions of what I vaguely guessed as Latin, though I wasn't really sure. I am far from a scholar of a forgotten language.

"What is this?" I asked Satan from across me and the curly-haired being only smirked.

"Why don't you rub it and find out?" she almost dared me to.

Heading advice from Satan herself, I foolishly began to rub the said coin between my thumb and index finger. It didn't take long for the room to fill with smoke and for the same rumbling to happen again. Outside, the whole neighborhood was still blanketed with dark crimson clouds but the threat impending inside my house was another issue altogether. The floor suddenly gave way with a high-pitched creak and the screams of a thousand anguished souls seeped from the hole it formed. A dark, bottomless pit. I realized that I had a vague sense of who might come out of this particular hole.

What is it with rulers of Hell and their need for a grandiose entrance?

Finally, the devil apprentice herself appeared before my eyes in all her terrifying glory. I held my breath. Pointy horns coiled just above her temples and the haunting tail swinging lazily behind her. It was matched with her signature long, silky midnight hair and dark, brooding eyes.

And those eyes were staring right at me.

"Lily?"

"Eve," I whispered. It felt like forever since I've seen the devil apprentice and I resisted the urge to just throw myself in her arms.

Finally the smoke cleared up and Eve just stood there, looking at me quizzically. "How did you manage to summon me?" Then her gaze dropped down to my hand which held the coin and she gasped, dark painted lips forming a small 'o'. "Where did you get that?!"

"I gave it to her."

Quickly, Eve turned and I could almost measure how much more her jaw dropped while her eyes fluttered wide open. Satan herself appeared willingly before the devil apprentice. It was a reunion that was most bizarre. The true ruler of Hell waved a hand and simply smiled, looking at us both appreciatively.

"Now, isn't it nicer when you two are together?" Satan teased.

"Satan!" Eve finally managed to sneak out in surprise. "Boss! I—I've been looking everywhere for you. Where—how..."

"She's Thing," I said, causing Eve to turn back at me in confusion. "I mean, she pretended to be my cat."

"That is true, I have been masquerading as a feline species while I'm on earth because I found that taking on even just the semblance of my true form causes this," Satan gestured outside at the dark crimson clouds and the animals going wild. "But I do genuinely enjoy driving humans wild with my cuteness."

Suddenly, it seemed to click for Eve and she pointed an accusing finger at Satan. Lots of guts to do that. "You! I knew it was odd for both Sam and Ella to find my coin. It was you!"

Satan only chuckled and lightheartedly skip around my kitchen, pouring herself a glass of water and regarding us with a sly smile. "Oh, I had the time of my life galavanting with those two. They are the most clueless idiots I have ever met. You two are a close second."

Eve sighed and I reached out to touch her forearm. She flinched at my touch but allowed me to turn her around nevertheless. I didn't realize how I craved even the feel of her skin.



"Eve, is it true that you made up asking for my firstborn because you refuse to take my soul in exchange?" I asked her and watched as a look of absolute shock overtook her face.

"Who told you that?" she asked, almost afraid of what other things I'd say to her.

"Again, I did," Satan quipped. Now she was leisurely sipping on a piping hot cup of tea while watching the scene before her unfold. "Being the Devil doesn't mean we get to give humans stuff for free. But do go on."

"Is it true?" I asked, not minding the interruption. Eve turned away from me. Frustrated, I wrapped my arms around her waist and buried my face in her chest as I desperately clung to her. Eve smelled achingly familiar and it brought me to tears. "Why didn't you say so?" I whimpered.

"It's of no use."

"So you'll just disappear and run away?"

"It's better this way."

"How can you say that?!"

"Because we'll end up exactly like this," Eve said softly before pulling away and wiping my tears tenderly. "You can't throw your purity away, Lily. I won't let you. There is nothing for you when you leap into the unknown."

"What purity? You said it before. Either way I'm going to end up in Hell."

"Oh, Lily," Eve sighed before pulling me into another tight embrace. This was a side of her I've never seen before and I wondered if she'd finally admit that she loved me too. With a sigh, she admitted to something else entirely. "If only you could see yourself through my eyes. You have such a beautiful soul. It scares me to think that I can stain you with my very shadow."

"And you definitely will," Satan interjected. "Lily is a mortal. Though as special as she is, her humanity can be easily eclipsed by your darkness."

Eve and I both sighed. This hurt more than I thought it would. Why would Satan bring us together just to confirm what we already knew? But then something about what Satan said caught my attention.

"What do you mean special?" I dared to ask.

"You two are a very unique pair," Satan commented, tilting her head at us bemusedly in response to my question. "A demon with a soul and the ability to love, and a human with a darkness inside her."

When it was obvious we couldn't quite grasp what she was saying, Satan opted to sigh and walk us through what she just said.

"Have you ever wondered why it was Lily?" Satan directed her attention at Eve who placed a protective arm around me as she listened to Satan's words. "Out of all the beings in Hell and all of the mortals in this realm, it was her who caught your attention."

I felt Eve tense beside me. The true ruler of Hell continued.

"She is human and a human soul is supposed to rival even the angels' graces in sheer purity at birth, but Lily is inherently special. She already has darkness in her which called out to you, Eve."

"What? How did that happen?" I said out loud in response.

Satan only smiled slyly at me, a knowing glint in her eyes. "Who knows? And though it is true that Lily's alluring darkness was what drew you to her, it wasn't the reason you were able to fall in love."

I whipped my head towards Eve and I almost gasped. She loved me? The devil met my eyes almost sheepishly, squeezing my hand. And I knew without words.

"Explain yourself," Eve demanded as she focused her attention back to Satan.

"Tell me honestly, Eve. Have you ever known any demon to have experienced love?"

Eve went silent. I noticed a flash of sudden realization come across her face but she hid it well. Meanwhile, my head was almost spinning from trying to comprehend everything that is suddenly happening. The devil apprentice loves me back, yet hasn't said it out loud yet because the moment she does, I become tainted with darkness forever. Or so what she told me.



"No, right? It's because I made demons out of pure hatred, malice, corruption and darkness," Satan explained. "But you are, once again, different. You have a soul."

"I have?!" the devil apprentice beside me almost screamed out. I was surprised too. But Eve have said it herself that she wasn't capable of returning my feelings because she was a soulless being. Now after she just indirectly told me she loves me, it only makes sense for her to have a soul after all.

"It is a dark soul, make no mistake, but your possession of it allows you some semblance of humanity," Satan added. "And that's why you were able to defy your own nature."

"How did I get a soul?" Eve asked incredulously, thoroughly confused as the huge knot on her forehead indicated. But in quick realization, she concluded pointedly: "You are not the one who made me, were you?"

"Another conversation for another time, dear," Satan almost purred. "Point of the matter is, you two are a special pair. And I think I can help you both with your dilemma ."

dilemma "How?" Eve asked indignantly.

"If it was any other demon-human pairing, which is a tragedy in and of itself, I couldn't have done anything. But since I mentioned you both posses something rare inside you, I think you both can survive it. Especially you, Eve."

"You can't possibly mean—" the devil apprentice started before she was cut off by Satan.

"Yes, dear Eve. Surrender."

"What is she talking about, Eve?" I prodded with worry. It sounded like it was something bad.

"She wants me to surrender my dark soul in exchange for mortality," Eve turned to me, sighing. "I—I cleanse my soul in the Holy river and become fully human: able to grow old, get sick or die. That way my darkness can't harm you."

"Isn't that dangerous?"

"Yes. But unlike any other demon who burns at the touch of the Holy river's water, Eve has a soul which protects her. It will probably still hurt though," the ruler of Hell expounded. She stood up straight, gauging our reaction through her crimson feline eyes.

"But then...you won't be a demon anymore?" I looked up to Eve and searched her dark eyes which I've grown to find comfort in. Admittedly, I don't know Eve that well but in all of the times we've been together, I've never known anyone else to be as proud of who they are as the devil apprentice.

Satan spoke again, eyes gazing pointedly at the still quiet Eve. "You'll be giving up on your position, your calling to rule Hell just so you could be with Lily. For true love," she mocked.

Eve turned to look at me. "It's the only way."

I saw the desperation in her dark, beady eyes and I just couldn't stand it. With a steeled will, I turned to my pet-turned-dark lord, Satan. "But you said we both can survive this process. What does that mean?"

both Satan merely grinned disturbingly, crimson eyes glinting in amusement. "Eve is shielding you from darkness because she wants to preserve your soul. But I get the vague sense that you don't care much about it yourself, do you?"

I shook my head no, making Satan's nefarious Cheshire grin even wider. Eve drew a sharp breath and faced me, but I paid her no attention for now.

"Then what I propose is to not only accept darkness from Eve herself—which will only corrupt a part of you—but to accept true darkness from me. Wholly and absolutely. To have it shred every bit of your humanity; consume everything that is good within you. No longer will you be susceptible to death, nor will you be bound by time. You will forever live in service to the darkness. Accept this and I will erase what defines you as a human being."

true I had an inkling as to what Satan was saying, but I glanced at Eve for confirmation. She only ever smiled at me slightly. "She is offering to turn you into a demon."

My eyes went wide and I kept glancing between the two powerful beings looking at me, back and forth. Finally, I faced the beautiful devil beside me and I asked in a voice barely above a whisper, almost in awe: "Can she do that?"

Satan heard my question and she laughed merrily. It sent chills down my spine and the room once again became cold. "In any other circumstances, I wont . God will smite me from where I stand for messing with Their precious humans. But I figured an apocalypse is due soon anyway so what the Hell."

wont Eve and I looked at each other, silently deliberating.

"Okay, why don't I give you both some time to discuss this," Satan said before snapping her fingers and disappearing. The world outside was still enveloped in a blood-red sky and the air still stung my skin from its coldness, so I doubt Satan could have gone that far. I'm thankful that she gave us some time.

Now truly alone, Eve reached out and cupped my face with a gentle hand and I leaned into her touch, closing my eyes. "Is this what you want?" she asked hoarsely. "You can't take this back, you know. I love being a demon, but it is truly a lonely existence. We can only derive joy in pain and suffering. And you won't be able to enjoy the things you enjoy now as a human."

Her sultry voice almost lulled me to sleep, so silky and comforting. Eve has the ability to touch my heart even with her voice alone. When I opened my eyes, I met her loving stare. I knew then what my answer would be.

"Music, good conversations, food, and even the simple feelings like nostalgia or sudden giddiness from a pure thought," I started, smiling at her. "I know I will treasure those. But I am destined to be with you. I always have. It's this feeling in my gut right from the moment I first saw you, you had my heart."

"And you have mine, dark as it is," Eve admitted with a cheery smile. "Do you remember? That night I came for you because your tears called for me. I felt your pain as my own and I couldn't resist surrendering myself to you."

"I love you," I whispered and I held my breath as I watched a genuine smile bloom on Eve's gorgeous face.

"I love you too."

With those words spoken, I pulled Eve close to me and sealed our lips together in a loving kiss before whirls of black, ominous smoke billowed around us. Our broken and blackened souls danced together as we temporarily encased my neighborhood with darkness.

Finally, I was truly with the one I was meant to be with.





__________________________





Chapter 20: Introductions


The Devil's Match

The Devil's Match Chapter 20: Introductions

Chapter 20: Introductions





Becoming a demon was something I could never have prepared for. Who goes around carrying an instruction manual for the off chance that they might meet their demonic soulmate and then become a demon themselves?

But I did. And I don't regret a single thing about it.

"Just give in, Ben," I called out to the poor son of a bitch who was unlucky enough to have summoned me. "You can have all that you've ever wanted: fame, power, riches beyond your dreams and all the women you want. All of them."

All Blue eyes full of intoxicating fear stared at me.

Smirking, I languidly pushed him further back into the couch and ran a teasing hand all over his chest, causing his heartbeat to pick up. I read his mind, but it seems like he was thinking with a different head already as the convoluting thoughts of lust and fear clouded his judgement. This is an easy one. I went in closer to whisper in his ear.

This is an easy one. "I'll make all of your dreams come true, Ben."

For a brief moment, I saw myself in the reflection from his eyes and I gazed at my brand new image. Devilish two-inch horns protruded from my head, curving ever so slightly. Cherry-red skin. It wasn't quite as dark as Eve's, but it complemented the natural wavy locks of dark brown hair falling over my shoulders. Crystal-emerald eyes which I had retained. I looked every bit as menacing as I was unquestionably, temptingly beautiful.

"I'll do it," Ben finally whispered with a certain shakiness to his voice. I reveled in it.

"Wonderful!" I quickly snapped my fingers and conjured up a contract for the downtrodden businessman. I knew of his desperation. He had spent most of his hard-earned fortune on whores and escorts, gambling and drinking away at his prime. Now that he had cancer, he had no money and no one to support him. Not until me.

"Will it hurt? When you come for me again?" he asked me after a while.

"Only if you want it to," I drawled seductively. "Enjoy your remaining years, Benjamin."

Within an hour, I had bagged another hopeless soul for my future reaping. There is no telling what the man could do to the absurd amount of wealth I just gave him, but I loved to think that he'd make another little corner of Hell for himself. Humans are too easy to corrupt.

After becoming a full-fledged demon, Eve and Satan tried their best to acquaint me with my new full-time job: a demon saleswoman. I searched for bereaved souls and offered demon contracts. Of course after I have discarded every smidgen of my humanity left, it didn't take long for me to keep up and actually enjoy manipulating and dooming humans into damnation. I was made for this! It was like I have finally found my dream job because tricking people and having control over them came just as naturally to me as breathing.

Benjamin was not my first soul for the day and I'm already way past my quota. In no time at all, I'm going to be head of my own department soon. Of course I would have to compete with more experienced demons gunning for the same thing, but luckily for me I am sleeping with our boss.

Deciding that I had enough, I leisurely made my way back to my old house which I still kept. In fact, despite Eve almost begging for me to move to Hell, I renovated my house into a 2-storey family home perfect for suburbia and lived there full time. I let her beg for some more before I finally asked her to move in with me. Even with my neighbors from Hell (which they aren't, I asked), I enjoyed the neighborhood too much to leave. The only annoying thing is that now I had to disguise as my human self to my neighbors. Especially Greg. Clueless idiot still has no idea about everything, but he recently got engaged to Liz. Good for him. We still hang out frequently and staying true to my promise, I help him babysit Matteo sometimes.



"Lily, I don't know know what beast you two heathens keep inside your house but I would appreciate it if you allow me some sleep at night," Tilda the hipster spinster lay waiting for me by her lawn as I reached my cobblestone steps. Grinning, I turned to her.

"Of course, Tilda. I apologize for the noise," I said, keeping the knowing smile on my face and watching her get uncomfortable by each second.

"You better! Or I will file a complaint!"

"You do that, Tilda," I gave her an unnerving wink before opening my front door and getting inside. The noise, as she complained, is one of a wailing beast from the depths of Hell. Lore says that exposure to the unsettling noise causes insanity. With my awesome new demonic powers, I made it so that it was only Tilda that could hear it and therefore, make her seem more of a crazy person as she slips further and further into madness.

I love my new self so much.

"You know one of these days the police are going to get involved in your little feud, right?"

I lifted my gaze to the sound of the sultry voice and met warm, dark eyes. Eve had a perfectly arched eyebrow raised at me while a small smirk played at her lips. She was waiting for me. Beaming, I gave her a mischievous smile of my own as I took purposeful steps towards her.

"Yeah? And wouldn't you like to see her getting dragged into a mental institution?" I asked back.

She only gave me a toothy grin before pulling me by the collar and mashing our lips together in a heated kiss. I melted in her warmth.

"I missed you," she whispered on my lips as I pushed her against the nearest wall and peppered her neck with tiny kisses. Her little sighs and moans gave me such an energizing jolt and I found myself tensing just so I could pull away and give her a proper kiss.

"I had twenty today," I murmured while placing a trail of wet kisses down Eve's chest. A firm hand tangled itself on my hair and slowly, I changed to my demonic form. It was more comfortable, like finally washing makeup off after a long, humid day.

"I take it you had fun today too," Eves almost gasped as I carried her effortlessly and took us to our master bedroom in a blink of an eye. Demonic teleportation is handy. No wonder Eve liked to just pop up everywhere she went.

"Oh yes. Persuading humans to fall from grace is fun," I hissed as she flipped us over and straddled me. Eve took a second to rake her eyes all over my body before finally settling her soft gaze on my face. Gentle fingers caressed buttery skin.

"Sometimes I can't believe that you're a demon too," Eve whispered tenderly. "But looking at you now, I get the feeling that it's just right."

I smiled, fingers adeptly running over smooth thighs. "I'm exactly what I was meant to be. With you."

"I love you."

"I love you," I replied shakily as our mutual darkness once again began to intertwine and cause our immediate vicinity to darken ominously. We were perfectly matched. In darkness, in light, in the fire of passion which bound us both.

I didn't feel fatigue like I used to, but my whole being wanted to savor this intimate moment with the one I love. The devil who now holds not only my soul, but also my blackened heart. I reached out and desperately seemed for her honeyed lips. Soft, moist. It promised eternity with me. But as quick as we tumbled into our bed, we were as quick to stop and hold our breaths as an endearing cry reached our ears.

Eve groaned loudly from over me and I laughed softly at her frustration. Without saying another word, I disappeared from under her and made my way to the source of the heart-wrenching call: our nursery.



I bent down the cradle and scooped the wiggling, crying bundle into my arms.

"Shhhh, Ashmadia," I cooed softly. "Mother is home."

All in the love in the world couldn't compare to the one I felt for my little princess: Ashmadia. A princess of demons. I finally understood what Leah meant. I know Ashmadia will grow up to do terrible, terrible things in the future, but in my heart I knew I would never love anyone as much as I love her. It was a surreal moment of realization.

"Not even me?"

Eve popped up behind me, wrapping her arms around my waist and peeking over my shoulder to stare at our daughter. I turned and raised an eyebrow at her.

"What did I tell you about popping up out of nowhere?"

"Not to do it," she grinned. "But I love fucking with you."

With a naughty grin, I leaned in closer and whispered in her ear. "And I love fucking you ."

you Eve groaned, suddenly sliding closer to me. She played little circles around my forearm and made her presence very apparent. She knew what she was doing to me too. "You're very cruel, you know?" she mumbled against my skin.

very "I know," I teased and craned my head to give her a little kiss on the lips, pulling away just as it got heated. I liked making her beg for it.

"I deserve some loving too, seeing as I was the one who gave you Ashmadia," the devil reminded me as she reached out and played with Ash's tiny baby hands.

Siring a Cambion with Eve is as puzzling as it sounds like. But it turns out, becoming a demon yourself doesn't cancel out a pre-existing contract and thus, I was still bound to give her my firstborn. Luckily, I have a brilliant mind.

Cambion "You're the one who wanted my firstborn that much," I teased.

We were united as one in Hell. It was like marriage, but there was no reference to the Holy Matrimony. Eve and I are equals; partners as one with a singular beating heart. Through the dark forces in Hell, we conceived Ashmadia and Eve gave birth to her. As my other half, Ashmadia is mine as she is Eve's. My first born child.

"She is so beautiful," Eve said softly, delicately. We both stared at the product of our darkness. The little cherub of destruction. Ash took more of my features and my caramel skin. When I asked Eve about it, she said Cambions will forever look like humans to fool the angels looking for them. But as our little spawn opened her eyes for the first time, I immediately saw Eve's eyes on her. She is undeniably ours.

Cambions Motherhood is already confusing for me. And being a mother to a Cambion , no less, is even more so. At one point Eve even pranked me and made me look for the blood of virgins to feed our child only to return home and find my other half breastfeeding just fine. There were a lot of angry, aggressive sex after that. Luckily, the blood of virgins is a very effective aphrodisiac which we both indulged ourselves in.

Cambion At that moment, Satan casually sauntered inside our nursery, announcing her presence with the rumbling of the ground and the crackle of thunder in the distance. Ever the drama queen. Satan has officially come back from vacation and is working with Eve to jumpstart the apocalypse. She also promoted Eve as her executive assistant and gave her the entirety of Hell to rule permanently while she focused on Earth, making Eve the new dark lord of the underworld and me, her queen.

"How's my little general?" Satan greeted jovially. I've come to realize that although she is darkness herself, Satan has a charming, almost cheery personality I can never quite get past at. It was quite perturbing. Especially if I think that I housed her as a domesticated cat for a few months.



Eve raised an eyebrow at her boss. "She's fighting off angels in her sleep."

"That's a warrior," Satan grinned. She saw how Eve and I were almost stuck together and gave us a disapproving look. "You two, take it outside your daughter's bedroom please."

"We can't," I sighed. "Ash wakes up every hour. How can we possibly finish within an hour?"

"Jesus christ in heaven," Satan rolled her eyes. "Give me Ashmadia for a while."

My motherly instincts kicked in. "Why?"

"I'm going to show her around Hell and take her to the pit with me," Satan explained.

the pit Eve scoffed. "You want to take my daughter to where we punish our most evil, rotten souls? Where the screams echo so loud, it reaches the heaven?"

"Yes."

Eve and I looked at each other briefly.

"It'll be educational!" The curly-haired being argued. "Come on. Besides, Ashmadia is beloved by every demon in Hell. Who could possibly wish her harm?"

"Fine," I said, handing over Ashmadia to Satan who gleefully took the baby in her arms.

Eve choked behind me. "Lily, wait. Are you sure—"

"Yes. Look at her. I mean. I'm sure Satan can handle a baby for two hours," I said, motioning to the dark lord who was cooing at our daughter. It was a bizarre sight.

Eve sighed in resignation. "Okay, but just for two hours! And don't parade her at the IT department. Those demons are filthy."

"Will do," Satan grinned wickedly. "Okay, off we go now. Goodbye Eve, Lilith. See you in two human hours."

My brows knotted. "Human hours?"

"Human ho—. Boss, wait," Eve gasped.

And before we could finish our sentences, Satan disappeared with Ashmadia. I looked at Eve in confusion. "Did she just call me Lilith?"

Eve shrugged. "I don't know. But she better be back here in two hours or I swear to God I will hunt her down.

"Oh yeah? What are you gonna to your boss?"

"Well," the devil said, huffing. "Maybe I'd disembowel her and then hang her upside down."

Quirking an eyebrow, I started to smile at her. "Keep going."

Eve realized what I was alluding to and a devious smirk came upon her face. "Or perhaps I'd skewer her from end to end."

I put both hands on her shoulders and instantly transported us back to our bedroom. "That sounds very painful," I rasped, feeling my lust reigniting once again.

very "Not as painful as skinning her alive and setting fire to her," Eve pushed me back on the bed and dissolved our clothes. Fully naked, we both stared at each other hungrily.

"Will it involve mutilation?"

"Only if she's loud."

"Make love to me," I whispered. And she indulged me.

Our bodies moved together in the dark: slick, velvety. Naked skin brushed together. To feel her skin burning under my fingertips and long to touch her forever, pull her closer more than physically possible. An eternal torment. Lone finger brushed away tendrils of hair clinging to my damp forehead and I heaved a shaky sigh. I have never felt closeness like this before.

The soft mattress carried the threat of swallowing me whole as the sheets pooled around us. But my eyes trained on the sinful body hovered over me, deliciously. Every contact made fireworks explode before my very eyes. On my neck, the valley between my breasts. Lower and lower, meticulous tongue taking a trip to every possible destination my body could offer until it made its way to where I wanted it the most. Glittery dark eyes peered into my very soul, preying at my deepest, darkest desires. I was warm; I was home.

I unraveled under her touch, hearing songs of praise in my ears as she worked me like a finely tuned instrument. Pain and pleasure mixed together, blurring the fine line in between. Every fiber of my being tingled and ached. More, for more. And my lover gave it all to me. The first touch almost drove me to the edge, but a carefully placed bite on my inner thighs yanked me back. Passion bordering on torture, incomparable zeal. Tears spilled from my eyes from such cruel ministrations but the sudden rush of wetness between my thighs betrayed my mind as my body thrummed in need. I was hers, and fully hers.

more. I wanted to grab at her, to pull on her hair and if need be, seize a hold of her horns. Anything, something, everything just so she would touch me. But my hands were bound by invisible cuffs. I must endure this punishing experience. A wiggling muscle was suddenly crammed inside me and I screamed, back arching as the prehensile tongue delved into my very center. Stars danced before my eyes.

touch My mouth formed words, incomprehensible words, but nothing came out from my throat despite my urge to scream out; there were only sounds. A whine, something guttural and primal. My pulse was racing, heart thumping loudly and my lover knew I was close because yet again she eased up from my body. I could cry from frustration. I wanted her, all of her. Everything at the same time, unrelenting and brutal. I want her to ravish me.

My cries of desperation must have finally reached her ears as her wet organ finally caressed me where I ached the most. It swiped once, and I felt myself shudder as a small orgasm came over me. Quickly as it arrived, it was gone. A hot breath blew on my core teasingly. When I was on the brink of insanity and the Gods may as well have reached for my sinister soul, it was then that I received mercy. I held my breath. Persistent, firm strokes pushed me to the brink but it was the the warm mouth clamping down on me and the sudden entry of long, delicate fingers which aggressively shoved me over the precipice and into an ethereal dimension where nothing else mattered but pleasure. My pleasure.

My Eve crawled up to me with a beaming smile.

"Hello, lover," she whispered before planting a kiss on my lips. I could taste myself on her. I tasted absolutely inebriating.

"Hello to you too," still panting, I managed to give Eve a small smile of my own.

"You are absolutely perfect," she whispered, eyes full of sincerity and without any hint of doubt. Her eyes glazed over with passion fulfilled. "Please stay with me forever."

There is nothing else I'd rather do than that.

"I will, Eve. I'm yours for eternity."

Fingers intertwined, I gazed upon my love and I realized that finally, my heart longed for nothing else.

Good book introductions are overrated. Book endings? Even more so. But if I write our story's conclusion as if it was the beginning, maybe there will never be an end. There will be no need for such farewell.

So here I am in bed with my lover. Dim lights, spent passions. There was a pin drop, and another, and a couple of others after that as droplets of heavenly tears poured down on Earth. Looking at dark, brooding eyes, I know the world is ours to burn. Forever.





ƒ∂ßå–¡ª–¢º'®†¥¨ˆøπ"'«æ... END ¬˚∆˙©Ω≈ç√∫˜•∞¶§œ∑µ≤≥÷≥æß





Author's Note





Author's Note:

Author's Note: Author's Note: Thank you so much for reading The Devil's Match, which is my debut novel as an amateur writer.

Nah I'm just fucking with you. Haha. I've been writing for quite some time now but this is the first time I finished a novel in two years. Actually, I finished a novel AND the first book of an awesome fantasy-action series. Gimme a high five for productivity!

I initially came up with the prompt of this story from tumblr. Not gonna lie, I fell in love with the idea of a witch matching a poor lady to different dudes only to fall in love with her herself. But I was already working on my short story Wish Granted. The devil apprentice became a fan favorite so I thought of giving her a romantic interest. And that's how The Devil's Match was born!

I didn't want my characters to follow certain tropes so I struggled giving them their own strong identities. Like I wanted Lily to be bisexual but I'm also very aware of the stereotype that bisexuals are "hypersexual", so I didn't want to write her that way at first. But I realized I needed someone as strong (character-wise) as Eve to match up with her. I write based on instinct and it was telling me that it's okay for women to be openly sexual without any judgement so guess what? Lily fucks. A lot. And she doesn't care what you think about her.

I'm also quite new to writing men and I just know I butchered my male characters, but you know what? It's okay to fail as long as you keep trying and improving. And for the love of Satan, if I'm writing something wrong or possibly offensive, call me out on it so that we can all be educated.

Now you have a glimpse of what was going on in my head 24/7 while I was writing this story. I struggled, man. I probably went a little crazy too. Not to mention my alcoholism. No writer ever says this but our works affect our inner life. But it's all okay if I make people happy in the end. Fuck my health, amirite?

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed yourself while reading my work. Follow me for more novels and more heartwarming tales of girls loving girls!





Also, consider buying me a coffee to help support my writing!

https://ko-fi.com/soltuberosum





-Potato





