Title: The Night the Vampires Came

Chapter 1





THE NIGHT THE VAMPIRES CAME

THE NIGHT THE VAMPIRES CAME "The heart can think of no devotion

Greater than being shore to the ocean-

Holding the curve of one position,

Counting an endless repetition."

― Robert Frost

"The heart can think of no devotion

Greater than being shore to the ocean-

Holding the curve of one position,

Counting an endless repetition."

― Robert Frost





CHAPTER 1

CHAPTER 1 I can't tell you my exact thoughts the day the Blight Rain came to Windflower Springs. I can tell you that as the sky turned grey and then black, like smoke from an invisible fire, that I thought of death. My failing heart ached in my chest. It always does that when I'm scared. I knew we were all going to die that day. I knew it before the first drop of rain fell.

How did I know? To everyone else, it was just another stiflingly boring day in a small town in Florida, one of many since the toxic rain started and forced us all indoors. This storm was different. This one would change everything. This was the beginning of our last days on earth.

This The creatures — these vampires — they were here to invade the very cells of our being. Science would tell us this in a few days. But that day, I knew death was coming; I knew it in my soul.

vampires "Moth Street!" the bus driver yelled, interrupting my reverie.

"A lot of traffic for 3 o'clock in the afternoon," the old woman next to me mused. This wasn't my stop, but I grabbed my bag and ran for the door. I felt the fog coming like an ache in my chest. From the bus stop, I watched the bus slowly creep along, sputtering and groaning, past me. This wasn't my stop. My house was at least twenty minutes away.

I couldn't explain it. I just felt it.

felt The storm was coming.

The water level had been rising along this part of the shoreline in Florida for years. The government used to try to reclaim land from the rising tides but eventually, they just gave up. This was Windflower Springs, we weren't exactly South Beach in terms of value to the powers that be.

"Better find cover, Ailith. It's going to rain!" Mr. June, the storeowner of the local 7-11 told me.

Rain. It didn't mean what it used to. There was ordinary rain, the kind that nourished plants and washed the sky clean of car exhaust and factory pollution. Then, one day, the rain turned on us.

They called it Blight Rain now.

This wasn't the kind of storm you wanted to be caught out in.

At first, it started as small, cold droplets that fell into dark grey splotches on the sidewalk. I felt the rain like watery pinpricks on the top of my head. I snatched a plastic bag from a nearby garbage bin, wrapped it around my head and started running in the direction of home.

I wasn't supposed to run.

When I was a baby, before I could even remember, I underwent heart surgery for a defect in my heart. Until then, I've had to undergo monthly tests to make sure my heart rate and blood pressure was under control. Sometimes, when I got too excited my heart started skipping beats. On days when the weather started turning weird - my heart also started beating out of whack.

I used to wonder if my heart was completely my own or if it marched to its own tune. You see, my heart wasn't completely mine. They used a graft to fix the hole in my heart that was causing the oxygenated blood to mix with the used-up blood. It was a new stem-cell treatment, they told my parents.

It was called a KoRi cell. It was a very experimental treatment. Most of the people who resorted to it didn't last long. My body proved special. I never needed another surgery after that one and those cells found a happy home inside my heart.



That was until the rain started.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





I ran in the direction of Windflower's small Chinatown. It was mostly composed of the Golden World Chinese supermarket, a multi-floored dim sum hall, and a street cart selling Jian Bian. No one cares about people like us. The corporations that are bleeding this planet dry, care the least. Call them whatever you will — Morandi, Yageron, Syvirua — they are all full of wicked men and women in suits who can't care less about our future.

Although the street there were red paper lanterns in the shape of magpies celebrating the QiXi festival. The story goes that five thousand years or a very long time ago, a cowherd fell in love with a weaver girl and met over a bridge of magpies. Grimly, I thought to myself - there won't be another five thousand years left for this planet. Some days, I doubt there will be another hundred.

Blight Rain burned and made people sick. It was so caustic, it even eroded the stone lions guarding the nearby Dim Sum restaurant.

The rain was different this time.

I knew it even before the puddles started to ripple black.

~*~

I MADE IT TO MY HOUSE as the fog started to smother the streets. It was thick and dense as pea soup. I had never seen it this bad before. Usually, when the Blight Rain falls, I feel a dull ache in my chest. This time, my heart was beating like a bird trying to break out from under my rib cage.

I MADE IT TO MY HOUSE I banged on our front door for a full minute before my ten-year-old sister, Grace, cracked it open.

"Where were you, Snoria?"

"At school! Sure took you long enough to open up, greaseball," I retorted. I couldn't believe that my sister was reminding me of my snoring at a time like this. Siblings! I stepped inside and tossed aside the wet plastic bag. I tried not to look at the dirty droplets of water that instantly dissolved into the fog as I stepped indoors. "Where's maw?"

Siblings! "Went to her room to lie down. She was in the rain, like you, but now she's not feeling so good."

My sister went back to watching cartoons on the living room floor. I don't know what it was. Maybe it was the ghostly lights projecting over the pitch-black walls, or it was the way that my sister was laughing emotionlessly at the game show or the stray bits of popcorn scattered over the damp carpet. Something just felt wrong.

"Do you feel it?" I asked her as I took a deep breath of the suffocating air. She ignored me as though she was lost in a dream. The Blight was going on outside, and although we were dry in here, I still felt it all around us. I reached for the remote to change the channel to the news. A woman in a jacket with big shoulder pads and a stack of papers was speaking calmly into the camera.

The anchorwoman reminded us once again, as always, that as long as we stayed indoors and out of the rain, the Blight Rain will pass. Stay inside. Lock your doors. Don't drive unless your life absolutely depended on it. If any family members are affected, keep them in a dark, quiet room until the rain passes. Then take them to the hospital. No EMS will come to get you in the middle of a Blight Rain.

I knew all this. The woman had nothing new to tell us.

We had been through this before. I didn't know why - this time was different. I just had a sense of foreboding. My heart continued to race.

Thump, thump, thump.

Thump, thump, thump. My heart was banging against my sternum like a fist pounding on heaven's door.

It's here.

It's here. Something that wasn't here.

Something that wasn't here. "Is anyone else here?" I demanded, wondering if I was losing my mind. Maybe the fog was affecting me too. It was making me paranoid, and I heard voices. The Black Waters can make people hallucinate; I recalled from the lecture we were given at school during a practice drill.

Whatever happens, whatever you think you hear — stay away from the water.

Whatever happens, whatever you think you hear stay away from the water. It was easier said than done. We already lost three kids from my class this year who walked into the ocean. The government leaders blamed the victims, saying they should have resisted. They said that - back in the day, there was a thing called personal responsibility. I'm sure back in the day when those elephants in suits were growing up; water was just a thing you drank out of a cup. And, only the poor kids were personally responsible. If a rich kid like one of the ones growing up on South Beach got swallowed up, they'll call it a national emergency.

Windflower Springs was nothing but an impoverished enclave of undesirables. We were told again and again that we should thank our stars that the charitable corporations donated medications to the ones caught in the Blight. They said we should be grateful. Accuse them and they'll take the medication away, then what will we do? Pay ? We couldn't afford it, not even if we worked our minimum wage jobs for many lifetimes.

then Pay "Paw's still at work," Grace said. "He called to say that he's staying at the office until the rain's over. He took the train so he can't come home until they're running again."

I nodded. I saw dad's car keys on the dining room table. Sometimes, when the weather forecast said rain, dad takes the train to work in the morning. The Blight was hard on his tires. We had to be frugal now that we just paid for the repairs on the roof.

"I'm going to go check on maw," I told her. Grace didn't respond and went blankly back to her cartoons. She wasn't usually like this. She was usually full of energy and endless noisy chit-chat. Even without the rain, the fog affected people in strange ways. The medical professionals on the TV said it wasn't permanent. I had my doubts. They'd say anything if the right people paid them off. Everyone has a price, even people whose jobs it was to help us.

I went to my mother's bedroom and knocked on the door.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 2





Chapter 2

Chapter 2 WHEN NO ONE ANSWERED, I opened the door and stepped inside the bedroom. The first thing I noticed was the wet tracks on the hardwood floor. I couldn't believe my eyes. My parents were absolute hard-asses about keeping the house clean. In school, they told us if we ever found a puddle of Black Waters in our house that we should cover it with a layer of salt.

WHEN NO ONE ANSWERED, Change the ionic content of the water, make the particles less infectious. I couldn't believe my mom left this here for anyone to step in.

I saw her head lounging limply on the couch. She was facing away from me.

A knot formed in the pit of my stomach as I walked closer. I noticed that my mother was bundled up in a comforter, but she still shivered under it. My mother was always a petite woman with a bit of a belly. She made up for her lack of height by growing waist-long auburn hair. Her hair was hanging over her face like a wet, oily slick. I saw her breathe rapidly from under her dark, hairy locks.

"Maw?"

She didn't answer. I stepped closer and squeezed her shoulder. Her body was cold. It was like touching the shoulder of Michelangelo's David. If she didn't roll her shoulder out of my grasp, I would have wondered if it was really a human lying under those blankets. I saw her pull the thick down comforter closer.

"You're really c-cold," I said. "Do you want me to turn up the heater?"

There was no response.

I didn't need the thumping of my tell-tale heart to know that something was amiss.

"H-hey . . .hey," I said. "Wake up. I'm going to make some pancakes for dinner for Grace and me. Do you want anything?"

She turned her head, and I saw her eyes moving under her closed lids.

"Mom?" I repeated.

Finally, her lids opened a slit. I could barely see them under her wet hair. I sucked in a breath as I saw the light emitting from under her lids. Her pupils were bright, like a cat's.

"W-what's wrong with your eyes?" I asked and flinched. She was infected. I needed to get her to a hospital — now! Was there time, even if it weren't raining? My eyes went to the window. There was no hope of the Blight Rain stopping. The rain was pounding against the windows with so much force I could hear the wooden frames creaking with every blow. In the distance, I could see the rain coming down in sheets, all but turning the streets into a river.

"Ouch!"

In horror, I looked down at my arm.

My mother bit me. I couldn't believe my eyes. My wrist was bleeding from several puncture marks. I could see the smooth indents of her teeth in my pale wrist. I watched her lick her lips. Was that my blood and flesh on her lips?

bit I backed away. My mother threw aside the comforter and slid her feet into her drenched slippers.

I saw her glowing eyes approach like two torches in the night. She wanted more.

Plop, plop — her soaked slippers went against the hardware floor.

Plop, plop Her hair continued to drip Black Waters around her.

She didn't just want to eat me. She was going to infect me too.

I didn't know what terrified me more — becoming a mindless vampire or having my mother rip a big chunk of raw steak out of my neck.

Lock her in the room. That was my only hope. As she reached out toward me with one clawed hand, I turned and ran. I thanked goodness that my mother suffered from arthritis and had a bad knee from slipping on some ice last winter. I slammed the bedroom door closed behind me and threw a heavy hallway cabinet down behind me.

Lock her in the room. I flew down the stairs and grabbed my father's keys from the dining room table. Water pelted my face as I came to the front door. Grace was standing before the wide-open door, and the torrential rain was flying into the house. She was standing there with her arms open as though she was embracing the storm.

I was momentarily left speechless by the horrifying sight. What had gotten into her? Grace was only ten, but she knew the Blight Rain was poisonous.

"What are you doing?" I snapped. Forgetting how dangerous the rain was, I reached over and yanked Grace back from the door by her ponytail. She turned her eyes to me. With relief, I saw that although her skin was ice-cold, her eyes didn't glow.

"I saw pa-pa," she said. "He said to hold the door open for him."

"You numbskull! Dad isn't here," I snapped. "We're getting out of here."

"Why?" Grace asked dreamily and shivered. She was drenched from head to toe. Loose strands of black hair were plastered against her small face.

"No questions. I'm the older one, get into dad's car now!"

"Do you even have a driver's license?"

"I have a permit," I said and glanced upstairs. I heard a heavy thumping sound of a cabinet being knocked over. She was coming. We had to hurry. "Shut up and follow me, Shortcake. I promise you — it doesn't matter . . . anymore."

Grabbing Grace's small hand, I dragged her into the garage. At least Grace seemed to be lost in a quiet trance as she followed me. I didn't want her to ask me where we were going without our mother. There was no time to explain that our mother was infected, and she wanted to eat us. I locked the door back into the house behind me. Hopefully, in her vampire state, my mother would know to stay indoors. I shoved Grace into the backseat of the car and hit the remote for the garage door to open.

I had never driven a car by myself before. Any practice up until that point wouldn't have helped much — the streets were completely flooded. As the car went slipping and sliding across the road, I knew we had to find our father.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 3





CHAPTER 3

CHAPTER 3 THE ONLY SOUND in the car was the squeaking of the windshield wipers. I wiped my hands that were still damp from grabbing Grace's drenched ponytail on my jeans.

THE ONLY SOUND The streets were empty. Abandoned vehicles littered the open roads.

I heard the panting of my rapid breathing as I made a tight turn to get onto the highway. It disturbed me that I didn't hear Grace's breathing. She was silent in the back seat.

I didn't call out her name. I was too scared she would open her eyes, and they would glow at me as my mother's had.

Instead, I turned on the radio. FM 105.3, it was my favorite music station. There was nothing there but static. I set it to the news. The sound of reassuring human voices filled the car.

"Our hearts go to the regions affected by the disaster. Please stay safe," a distant man's voice came from the speakers. "Here in Miami Beach, we are experiencing high winds and cloudy skies."

Oh, lucky them , I thought to myself. If only I could punch him through the radio.

Oh, lucky them "James," an annoying female voice said. "Do you think the disaster could have been prevented? We knew there was a collection of Dark Waters off the shores of Pleasant Lane Beach. The satellites spotted a week ago. Through evaporation, it contaminated the air, and now it's falling from the sky as rain."

"Now now, don't be hasty, Alice," the man said with a laugh. "There's no proof that Dark Waters create this contaminated rain. Sometimes, people do weird things when it gets dark outside. Are you going to lecture me about seasonal affective disorder too? Next thing you know, people will be saying that plastic straws are responsible for people being sad in the winter."

I sighed and shut the radio off. I couldn't stand it anymore. Stupid talking heads telling us what we saw with our own eyes wasn't true. Maybe my mother didn't bite me, I thought sarcastically. Perhaps, she was trying to kiss me with her teeth. I hoped a vampire bit James' balls off.

"You should turn the news back on," Grace whispered hoarsely from the back seat. I hope she wasn't coming down with a cold. "It will tell us if the roads are blocked off."

I nodded. My sister had a point. I turned the radio back on, and the annoying voices filled the car again.

"Now Alice," James continued. "If the Black Waters are coming for us, tell me why Manna City way up north is completely unaffected? They're a goddamn island!"

Oh, that's an easy one. It's because they are a walled city with air purification machines so all the rich people can go to their charity galas in peace. Even a poverty level child like me knew that.

I turned the radio down. It didn't matter if the roads were blocked off up ahead. A section of the highway was completely collapsed and flooded. There was no getting out of Windflower Springs tonight.

~*~





We drove back the way we came. I didn't know what to do except to head for the hospital. I barely got off the highway exit when I saw a line of cars waiting to do the same. The hospital was more than two miles away, and the street was filled with cars, barely forming a line, as we fought to move ahead.

The rain was coming down harder, flooding the streets.

I couldn't even see the markings dividing the traffic lanes. The ferocious wind blew the waters into waves. It was like driving through a river.



Looking out my rearview mirror, I saw the water rippling in the light of the street lamps. It was like we were at a ghostly, unnatural beach. Grace's breathing was becoming more and more labored. I didn't like how it sounded like she was panting.

It was almost like she was hungry .

hungry In my rearview mirror, I saw Grace's unblinking eyes fixated on the back of my car seat — oh God, on my throat.

I didn't have much time.

I honked the car. A dozen honks answered me. Before long, there was a deluge of honking and then screaming.

"People are dying out here!" A man's voice could be heard yelling in the distance. His car was far closer to the head of the line than mine. If his passengers were dying, then my sister was already done for. The traffic was at a stand-still. We barely moved an inch in the half an hour we sat there, doing nothing.

Nothing — except watching the rain creep up little by little.

The car in front of me rolled down their passenger side window, and a middle-aged woman wearing a polo shirt stuck her head out. She turned to me and gave me the middle finger for honking. I slapped my hands on the steering wheel. Stupid! Roll your window back up, asshole!

My breath caught in my throat as I saw her eyes glow in the darkness. Her lips drew back, and I couldn't believe it. Was she baring her teeth at me?

Turning her attention to a closer target, she lunged at the man at the steering wheel. After a brief scuffle, a gunshot exploded in the night. There was a wet thump as the remainder of the woman's head hit the car window. I couldn't believe my eyes. The man had shot her head off. Her brains were splattered all over, and chunks dripped over the half-lowered window. Bits of her hair and skull were now floating in the waters.

The car door opened, and the man who shot that woman stumbled out into the rain. I saw the strap of the gun was tangled around his legs, and it made him trip into the watery street. I instinctively lowered my head in case he decided to shoot me next.

I saw him crawl around on his hands and knees in the rain. He must have understood that being out there in the rain like that, practically swimming in it — he was good as dead. He kicked the gun off his feet and slowly, unsteadily pushed himself to his feet.

I wondered if he would take the gun and attack us now. If he hungered for human flesh, he had plenty to choose from. We were all sitting here in our tin cans like animals in their cages waiting for slaughter.

I remembered what they told us in school. First came the fever, chills, and mental cloudiness. Then, there was a lowering of inhibitions. After that, there is a feeling of restlessness in one's mouth and teeth, an inability to swallow own's saliva, and paradoxically — an excruciating dryness in one's mouth. Then, along would come an indescribably intense ache on one's stomach. From that would later come the uncontrollable hunger. A hunger that knew nothing except its need to be satiated.

The man splashed in the waters and clawed at his neck. The signs were there. He was turning. As I met his eyes, his increasingly unnatural eyes, he backed away. Whatever humanity that was left in him sent him backing away from the rest of us.

He went running into the storm. And that was the last I saw of him.

After he was gone, The other cars started to loop around, past the empty car. I couldn't stop staring at the silhouette of the headless woman slumped against the car door.

Trembling, I turned the steering wheel and went off the road. I knew it wasn't my fault that the woman was dead. She was undoubtedly infected, and the man (oh God, was he her husband?) probably brought that shotgun into the car because he understood the fatal choice that he would have to make.



I left the line of cars heading for the hospital because I couldn't handle it anymore — being alone on that road. I was almost twenty-one years old. I was the adult here. But at that moment, after everything I witnessed, I felt like a scared child. I just wanted to run and hide, to go somewhere dry and safe.

I plowed my car through the grassy hills to get out of the jammed streets.

~*~





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. As I drove, my head cleared up a little. I recognized this neighborhood. My friend from middle school, Holly Xu, lived here. I came over to her house once to do a group project for our Technology (which was a cutesy name for Shop) class. We had to build a model city of what we imagined the future would be like.

I remembered that Mr. Kittenroth, our teacher, graded me 95% (the highest grade in the class) because I had the brilliant idea that in the future, all houses would be on stilts. Land would be sparse due to overcrowding. People would have to colonize the ocean.

I had to laugh at that memory now. Little did I know, humans would not be moving out to sea. The sea would be the one to come to us to conquer us. As for those of us who were caught without houses standing on stilts, well, perhaps we would end up with our heads blown off like the woman in the polo shirt.

Holly was a ridiculously useless partner. I remembered that she would sit around talking on her phone with her then-boyfriend as I painstakingly put together paper houses with Elmer's glue and popsicle sticks.

I didn't care. I was just happy she didn't interfere with my vision. Driving down these familiar streets, I wondered if Holly would be willing to repay my hard work by offering my sister and me some shelter that night. Even more so, I wondered if she could spare an empty room for me to lock Grace in until the rain stopped and the sun came up.

Oh, Holly, she was so popular and so uninterested in school. It figures that she ended up getting a job after graduation while the rest of us went to college. My parents couldn't pay to send me anywhere far, but at least I was taking calculus this year. What was Holly up to? Last I heard she was working as a salesgirl in one of those department stores where the stylish people shopped.

There was no other choice. As much as I hated it, this was the only thing left to do. I had to go to Holly's house.

I didn't even know if the house I pulled up to was the right house. It was so many years ago since we worked on that project together. All I remembered is that her house was on a hill with a bamboo forest growing all around it. There was a Dead End sign leading to her street. Her parents were Asian, but they were also New-Age folks. They had a pool in their basement with miniature stone lions guarding it. Oh, and did I mention, they were relatively wealthy, well as wealthy as you could hope to find in Windflower Springs.

As I pulled our car into their driveway, I saw empty crates scattered about with crab symbols drawn on them. This was the right house, all right. Holly's parents owned a Chinese Seafood restaurant in the Chinatown portion of our town. They used to steam up bags of crab and mussels for twenty-dollars a pound. My parents stopped going after my dad complained they loaded up the one-pound bags with potatoes.

I cringed at the memory of how embarrassed I was that my father for nitpicking how many crab legs we got. Lesson learned — never go out to eat with your parents. Especially not when your friends from school are watching.

As the rain pelted our car, I wondered if my dad was even alive anymore.

I drove my car as close to the garage overhand as I could. Luckily, the bamboo trees blocked some of the rain. I covered my head with a plastic bag and yanked Grace out of the back car seat. We hurried down the covered walkway to the front door. Even though there was an archway over the front door, the rain was falling in slanted shards now. The wind was blowing it everywhere. I felt it pelt my face with every step I took. I rung the doorbell once, twice.

Then I decided to forget about being polite, and I banged on the door with my fists.

The house was dark. There were no sounds of footsteps, or voices, or flashlights. There was simply nothing. They weren't home.

I wanted to cry. I didn't know what to do except to bang on the door again.

Then Grace did something odd. She reached out and turned the doorknob.

No, she really turned the doorknob, as it practically came off in her hand.

turned "Oh," Grace said in a dreamy perplexed voice. "That was easy."

I didn't care that we had broken into Holly's house. I didn't even care that the door was locked before Grace reached out and opened it. All I cared about was getting out of the rain. I threw Grace inside, and then I threw myself against the door to close it behind me. The Blight Rain raged against the closed door as though it was angry at us for having gotten away.

The house was dark, and every creek reminded me of the sound of creeping footsteps. Grace found herself a throw-blanket from the nearby couch and wrapped herself in it. Through chattering teeth, she smiled at me.

At least we were dry now.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 4





Chapter 4

Chapter 4 MY HEART was beating at a normal rhythm now. It was neither too fast nor too slow. In fact, for once, it wasn't on my mind at all.

MY HEART I woke up to the morning sunlight shining in my eyes. I was lying on the matted old Persian carpet on the living room floor. The wooly blanket that Grace had wrapped around herself the night laid in a heap beside me. Grace was gone.

Before I could search for my sister, there came a loud, annoying buzzing sound.

Ring ring ring!

I winced in the sunlight and stumbled toward the source of that sound. It was the front door. Someone was ringing the doorbell incessantly.

"Mom! Dad?" A voice yelled from the front door. "Jimmy?"

I went to the door, and I could tell by the height of the stranger standing just beyond the tinted glass door frame that it wasn't Grace. I opened the door because the doorknob was probably broken anyway.

It was Holly. Her mouth dropped to the ground upon seeing me inside her house. She furrowed her brows and placed her hands on her hips. I noticed she was dressed all in beige except her sleek leather boots. She was wearing black boots with heels through the apocalypse. Only Holly would do such a thing.

" WHAT are you doing here?"

WHAT "I was in the area, and I came to your h-house. The Blight was really bad last night." I stuttered. Oh, this was probably the most awkward conversation I've ever had. I noticed her eyes fixating on mine for a second. Then I realized what she was checking for. She wanted to see if I was infected.

I supposed I passed her inspections because she sighed and looked away. I guessed that at this point, the idea of strangers taking residence in her house was a tad better than having her house overrun by infected monsters.

"Did my parents let you in? Where are they?" Holly ran past me, into her house, and up the stairs to the second floor. I heard her screaming for her parents, and when she reappeared, she looked at me desperately, for answers.

"I didn't see your parents here," I muttered. "Your front door was unlocked, so my sister Grace and I let ourselves in."

Okay, that was a lie. Her front door was locked, but I didn't want her to call the cops on us.

"My parents weren't here?" Holly asked as she started to look through the pile of mail and random trinkets on the table by the front door. "Their car keys aren't here. Maybe they took Jimmy to the doctor."

"Maybe," I added helpfully, uncertain if I should make a run for it before she noticed the broken doorknob. If only I could find Grace, I would have. I glanced at my cellphone. Dammit, I didn't have a single bar of reception. The phone itself was flickering and shining in a weird glaring light. I guess the Black Waters did a number on it as well. Speaking of Black Waters, I distinctly remembered being dripping wet in it the night before.

I held my hand up to the sunlight shining in through the front door. My hand looked as it always did. My skin was a little dry, and my nails were dirty, but my hands were still very much my hands. They told us on television that those who were infected didn't like the sunlight. The Black Waters evaporated in the sun. Once the clouds cleared and the sun came out, the world was safe again, assuming you were still human.

The infected ones wanted to be somewhere wet and dark, like the waters that gave birth to the infection that consumed them.

I suddenly had a sickening thought.

It was my turn to push past Holly. I made a mad dash for the door to Holly's basement. I ran past the polished mahogany sauna room and to the door to their underground swimming pool. The door had one of those child-proof locks that you needed to twist a button fifteen different ways to open. I didn't need to go inside. From the window in the door leading into the pool area, I saw Grace sitting with her feet dipped into the pool.

Her arms were wrapped around one of the creepy stone lions. Her black hair covered her face so thoroughly I could barely see her face.

Holly came up beside me.

"Is that your sister?" Holly asked me and reached for the lock. I grabbed Holly's well-manicured hand before she could open the door.

"My sister is infected," I said, hardly believing the words even as they left my lips. "If we open that door, she'll attack us. She's sick."

Holly nodded absently as though my revelation wasn't all that shocking. I noticed that she had a stain on her beige sweater dress that looked a lot like dried blood. I wondered what kind of a bizarre and dangerous landscape she must have traveled through to make her way home that morning. She pursed her lips together and tapped her foot against the tiled floor. I saw specks of rust-colored grime fall from her shoe onto the spotless floor.

"Just about everyone's infected," Holly finally muttered and bit her lip that was always carefully outlined with rose-colored lip gloss. "I need to find my parents and brother before it gets dark."

I nodded and wondered what had become of my own parents. I wished we could find a news source. What did our broadcasters have to say now? Maybe — after that storm last night — in Windoflower Springs, the number of infected people outnumbered those who were still human.

We were safe for now, as long as the sun was out. God help us if we were still in this town at nightfall.

"Your sister needs some medicine. Let's go to the hospital and get some. You have a car, don't you? Why don't you drive us there?"

"You don't have a car?" I asked. "How did you get here?"

"I walked," Holly snapped. "No more questions. Come on, do you want to save your sister or not?"





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 5


THERE WAS A boy outside with a cleaver knife in his hands. I vaguely recognized him but couldn't pinpoint from where. He had shaggy brown hair and chestnut brown eyes. There was something about the way he pushed his glasses up on his overly-large nose that made him seem very familiar to me.

"Ailith?" He asked. "I haven't seen you since eighth grade."

"Yeah...you, too," I blurted out and struggled to place where I had seen him.

"I'm Jack, remember? Jack Fayer?" he said with a laugh. "We were in the same homeroom."

"Ailith has a car," Holly said as she snapped her fingers at Jack.

"It's nice that you two kept in touch," I muttered as I dug into my jean pockets for the car keys. "I haven't had the time to meet up with anyone from high school. College has been so busy."

I couldn't believe I was awkwardly trying to make small talk at a time like this.

"We didn't keep in touch," Holly said as she snatched the keys from me and slid into the driver's seat. "I bumped into Jack at the train station this morning. I needed a ride, so he gave me one."

didn't "That was until I got car-jacked," Jack said as he jumped into the back seat. I noticed he was limping a little. He had a nasty looking gash on his left ankle. "We stopped by my aunt's house for just a second, and then my car was gone. If my aunt had been there, I would have gone with them instead of Ms. Grumpy here."

"Everyone's trying to leave town," Holly explained as she started up the engine. She floored the reverse pedal, and we went screeching down the steep driveway. "Having a car is more valuable than anything right now. So point that knife away from us, loser, unless you want to walk."

Jack immediately dropped the cleaver to the floor of the car. He laughed nervously and pushed the glasses up his nose. Even when armed, Jack looked like he posed more of a danger of cutting himself by accident than the rest of us.

"I can help you guys — sorry, I mean gals — I promise," Jack said with a curt nod of his dandruffy head. "The police probably have this region quarantined by now. Getting out of here before nightfall won't be easy."

"Jack used to work for Syvirua," Holly explained as she ignored a stop sign and sped down the deserted mountainous road. "Jack, I think Ailith's sister is infected. What do you think our chances are of finding some meds?"

Jack threw back his head and laughed but then immediately silenced himself as he realized I was serious. He scratched his neck and looked away, his face turning red as he realized he had rudely laughed at my lingering hope of saving my last remaining family member.

"It's not good, Ailith. The hospital is a war-zone right now. You do know that a gang of gun-wielding idiots already shot their way through Windflower Regional Medical last night, don't you? Lumin Pills are worth more than diamonds right now. In fact, if you got your hands on one, some trigger-happy lunatic will probably take it off your hands in a lickety-split second."

Lumin Pills were a medicine that was supposed to reverse the effects of the Blight. I swallowed hard. If what was Jack was saying was true, then none of the people in that traffic jam last night got out alive. I didn't want to believe it, but Jack had no reason to lie to me. If he worked for Syvirua, he must know better than I did how precious those pills were in the case of a Blight Storm.

"I hope my parents and Jimmy had enough sense not to get involved in that mess," Holly whispered. "Maybe, once we get to Miami, we'll find them. That is — if they're still alive."

I watched as Holly headed west, carefully avoiding the main roads. It slowly started to dawn on me that they had no intention of helping my sister. They just wanted my car. Now that Holly was in the driver seat, she did not need to keep lying to me. There were two of them and only one of me. If I put up a fight, they might leave me on the side of the road.

"Girls, don't look at the right side of the road," Jack said in a scared voice. "Eyes straight ahead!"

Too late. I looked, and I nearly threw up.

There was a row of white, boney ribs sticking up from a carcass of golden fur. It had been a golden retriever. Now it a bloody mess. What the hell was that? Was it roadkill?

"They were eating the animals," Jack said as he stared at the dog's face that was still caught in a frozen snarl. "The vampires always eat the lower life forms first, while their humanity hadn't completely left the building yet. Would it be a complete downer if I told you girls that come sundown we're next on the menu?"

" Vampires ? " I asked, feeling my emotions boiling over. "What the hell are you calling them that for? These people are our friends, our neighbors, our family !"

Vampires ? family "Sorry, that's what we used to call them back in Syvirua. Our rival company, Yageron would call them demonic beings. I guess they are more spiritual over on that side of the world. But heck, we're Americans. We call them as we see them."

"Ailith, it's easier to call them that, in case you have to kill them," Holly said slowly. "Stop thinking of them as people. They sure as heck don't see you as anything more than a meal." I saw her eyes momentarily fixate on the bite mark on my hand. I pulled up my sleeve to conceal the wound. Yes, maybe it was delusional for me to believe that my mother and Grace were still human, that maybe if we just got our hands on one of those precious pills that they could be saved.

As more carcasses appeared on the side of the road, one of which was the ravaged body of a little boy wearing denim overalls, I couldn't deny the truth of what Holly was telling me. All I could feel at that moment was gratitude that his tiny face was turned away from me. His neck sported a giant bite wound.

"These monsters, they'll eat anything, even children," Jack growled from the back seat.

"If I turn into one of these things, promise you'll shoot me," Holly muttered.

"The Blight Storm is over for now," Jack retorted. "I think unless it starts up again, for better or for worse — the three of us are solidly Team Human."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 6





Chapter 6

Chapter 6 " WE NEED TO STAY a way from the main roads," Jack said as he directed Holly to take the service road. "The vampires can be anywhere; some of them can even walk in daylight."

WE NEED TO STAY a As we drove along, I started to understand why Jack wisely made that decision. The highways were completely blocked off with destroyed and abandoned cars. The service road must have been flooded last night during the storm. As dawn came, the Black Waters immediately evaporated, leaving only a few puddles of ordinary rainwater behind.

"Good call," I remarked, finally deciding to overlook his bluntness in calling our deceased loved ones ' vampires .'

vampires "I interned at Syvirua every summer in high school," Jack bragged. "The jocks teased me for being a test-tube—head. Now look who's laughing?"

"Save the celebrating for Miami, asshole," Holly muttered as she narrowly avoided a pile of bones that had been picked clean. Only the stripes of red flannel curled around the remains of a bloody spine told me that this had once been a person. "If we get to Miami, I'll have Andrew buy you a martini and apologize for calling you names."

I rolled my eyes. So Holly was still dating Andrew Scott, the quarterback of the football team. High school ends, but some people never leave. I didn't care whose two were meeting in Miami. I knew at least two of my family members were trapped back in Windflower Springs. I just needed to get my hands on those Lumin pills so I could save my family members if they could still be saved.

"If you worked at Syvirua, you must know where we can get some pills, right? There must be a hidden stash somewhere for employees?" I asked.

Jack snorted. "Yeah, if I did, I'll sell them for a hundred grand each. That is if the USD is worth anything after today."

"Jacky boy," Holly said in a beguiling tone as we went off-road to avoid an overturned delivery van that had covered the road in boxes of Eggos. "What about that trinket you have around your neck?"

"Holly," Jack snarled. "Stop it. You know that thing means a lot to me."

"It means more to you than your life? Ailith did lend us her car. If not for her, the two of us would be nailing boards on windows and barricading down my house down for the long night."

"Yeah, right, without me, the two of you would be stranded on the highway and probably made into girly mincemeat by now. Don't you know that it's the protocol for the national guard to go around throwing grenades at stalled cars to pick off stray vampires?"

"Stop trying to change the subject, dweeb," Holly snapped and slammed her palm against the steering wheel. "Give us all a goddamn break, Jack. Just give it to her. You told me it was expired anyway."

Jack sighed. As reluctant as he was —the boy was no match for the bullying powers of a beautiful, popular girl. He reached under his shirt and pulled out a little pendant attached to a gold chain. He dropped it in my hand. It was a medicine tablet that had been encased in a resin capsule. I squinted in the fading sunlight to see what was written on it. I made out a smudged T.

"It says Tercel," Jack said. "It's a company that Syvirua took over many years ago. I found this tablet in one of Syvirua's storerooms and kept it as a souvenir. This pill is over two decades old."

"How do you know this is even a Lumin pill? Didn't Yageron only start making Lumin pills five years ago when the Blight started to get bad?" I asked.

"No, Tercel made the original Lumins," Jack said. "They were doing it long before the other companies were. This was a prototype that Syvirua made their pills from. These babies were potent as heck. Too bad, Tercel doesn't exist anymore. There's this cool story that the owner of that company sold Tercel after his wife died. Supposedly he went crazy with grief. He was a genius, though; they say even Charles Leung was afraid of him."



Charles Leung — now that was a name I had heard of. He was the CEO of Yageron, and his company was the primary supplier of Windflower Regional Medical as well as most of the continental United States. I remembered seeing him on television. He had a kind, grandfatherly look to him as he explained to all of us that the Blight was harmless as long as we had access to a steady supply of Lumins.

Syvirua was trying to get a slice of the pharmaceutical pie by starting an outpost in these parts where the Blight was the worst. The only thing I knew was that neither company was popular. They were both accused of handing out faulty goods.

There were rumors that the Chinese were experimenting on people by giving them medicine that drove them mad. There were also rumors that Syvirua was in cahoots with the King of Denmark to limit supply to this part of the world so that they could topple our government and set up a monarchy.

People were looking for anything to direct their anger. The number of conspiracies people thought up for why there wasn't enough medicine to go around was remarkable. Deep inside, I didn't think it was the Chinese or the Swiss who were at fault.

Around the world, things were spiraling out of control. Every day there was another storm, another natural disaster, more lives wiped out by the infection. As much as we tried to deny it, the truth was, the Blight was getting worse every day, and there was nothing we could do about it.

"They say the Lumins Tercel made were bloody amazing. You know how the Yageron ones stop working after the infection has been around for 72 hours? The Tercel ones keep going. No one knows how they were able to do it. When Tercel was sold to the Swiss, they could never replicate it. It's the stuff of legends now."

"Who cares?" Holly asked. "All that matters is that we don't have enough Lumins to go around. No one can make enough of them, not the Chinese, not that Yankee company Morandi or this Swiss company Syvirua. Damn Europeans, they're too busy eating their lingonberry covered meatballs to save the world."

"Do you always curse this much?" Jack asked Holly in a teasing tone. "I thought Asian girls were supposed to be cutesy and giggly."

"Only in Anime," I said with a roll of my eyes. I held the tiny tablet up to the light. "Will it work?"

"I dunno," Jack said. "It might or might not. You can give it back if you don't want it."

I closed my fist around the tablet and furrowed my brows at him. Of course, I wanted it! It was my last hope of saving my sister. Jack grinned back sheepishly.

"After you two get to Miami, I'm going back for Grace," I said. "If there's a chance she can be saved, I have to go do it."

"In the morning," Holly said, raising an eyebrow at me without taking her eyes off the road. "It's suicide to go at night."

"Okay," I said and finally smiled at her. Holly wasn't a complete bimbo. She might just be my best friend at the end of the world.

"You sure are a good sister, Ailith," Jack said. "I don't think I would cross the street to save my older brother."

"My sister is important," I said as I placed my hand over my chest. Strangely, my heart wasn't acting up even though my nerves were shot. "She's like my parents' only child. I've never been very . . . healthy. As long as she's okay, everything is okay."

"What's wrong with you?" Holly asked, bluntly.

"I have a heart condition. I was born with it. The doctor had to fix the hole in my heart with stem cells, and I don't know how long it will be good for. Who knows, these weird little cells can act up and I could drop dead any minute now. So, you can see, Grace is more important."



"So, you're like a chimera?" Jack asked. "That's so cool! Do you have a scar on your chest and everything?"

"Yeah, but you can go to hell if you think I'm taking off my shirt to show you," I snapped in the general direction of the backseat.

"Sorry," Jack said. "I didn't mean it that way at all. Actually, a lot of women are chimeras. Did you know that when women are pregnant, some of their baby's cells enter their mom's bloodstream and gets incorporated into their bodies forever? You could have cells in your brain that aren't even yours. Isn't that creepy? It's like, you're thinking with someone else's cells."

"You know what's creepy?" Holly asked. "That you think any woman is going to let you get that far so that you can put your sketchy chauvinistic cells into her brain. Ignore him, Ailith."

~*~

In the late afternoon, after taking several detours to avoid blocked roads, we came up to a police barricade along the service road. Men in uniform were standing around holding rifles in their hands.

"Let us go, pretty please?" Holly asked as she flashed her brightest smile at the officer. "We weren't even in Windflower last night when the Blight happened. We came here this morning. None of us were caught in the downpour."

"Is that true?" The officer asked as he shone his flashlight into each of our eyes. I felt my pulse starting speed up as the seconds ticked by. The police officer's light lingered for ages on my eyes.

"It's getting dark," Holly whined. "Can you please just let us go, sir? We're running low on gas, and it's dangerous around here at night."

Holly interrupted the officer's intense study of my eyes by tossing her name badge onto my lap. It was a badge declaring that she was a Sales Associate at Tiffany's in Bal Harbor. I noticed that it was old, scratched, and faded, but the police officer didn't seem to care. He lifted his visor and squinted at it. He nodded back at Holly.

"These two were with you last night, in Miami?" The officer asked. "Are they coworkers of yours?"

"Yup," Holly said. "We were all in Miami last night. They came along with me this morning to check on my house in Gable Hill. My parents are on vacation in Europe, and I went to see if the house was damaged in the storm."

"Are you insane, young lady?" The policeman demanded and threw the badge back at me. "Don't you know this entire area is a disaster zone? You sneaked back here to check on an empty house? You're lucky to be alive right now. I could have you all imprisoned for reckless behavior."

"Well, I know now, this place is a wreck," Holly said with a toss of her light brown hair. "Can we go, please? It's sale season, and we have a busy day tomorrow. If I know anything, it's that natural disasters make men want to propose. And what's a proposal without a little blue box?"

"You haven't heard?" The officer asked. "Miami is on military lockdown. No stores or restaurants are open. No one is allowed on the streets after sundown."

"Oh no," Holly said with a dramatic sigh. "Don't tell me that. I had a date tomorrow! He's my mother's hair stylist's son. My mom has been planning this forever! He was going to take me to Nobu's! Are you telling me we're going to lose our reservation?"

When the officer didn't reply, Jack immediately interjected. His voice was abnormally high and cheerful, as though he desperately wanted to stress how harmless, normal, and healthy the three of us were.

"Who the hell takes a first date to Nobu's?" Jack asked with a weak snicker. "This dude sounds like a w-wanker. Maybe he's overcompensating for being small in other areas."

"Shut up, loser," Holly snapped and then batted her long-lashed eyes at the policeman. I didn't think the officer noticed. " Men these days. Officer — sir — I bet you get tons of calls about assholes like Jack here. He probably thinks he has a right to a girl's body if he so much as buys her a caramel macchiato."

Men sir "No, if I take you out for a caramel macchiato," Jack bantered back. "I'm making you pay. Feminists want equality, right? Then you can pay for my time . "

you my . The police officer wasn't impressed by Jack and Holly's bickering. His deadly serious lips showed no signs of smiling. His eyes were on his buddy, who was pointing a thermal detector at us. After what seemed like forever, the other officer finally lowered his boxy laser gun and gave us a thumbs up.

I sighed with relief. At least we had that small reassurance that we weren't infected. The thermal scanner was used to monitor people's body temperatures as a cursory measure to see if their bodies had dropped below 35 degrees Celsius. That was a state that was medically categorized as hypothermia, which would make sense if one was buried under a snowdrift on Mount Everest. But in a walking talking person these days — it was better known as Blight Infection.

"All right, kids," the officer said with an impatient wave of his hand. "Call the emergency hotline if you have any symptoms. Get going. Keep your light beams on high and drive fast."





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 7





Chapter 7

Chapter 7 " I DIDN'T MEAN what I said about making girls pay on a first date," Jack explained triumphantly as we drove away. "I was trying to distract those military dudes from taking us all to the quarantine cells. You gals know that, right?"

I DIDN'T MEAN I rolled my eyes and ignored him. We were safe for now. Finally, we were beyond the borders of the towns affected by the Blight. Holly was right. I needed a good night's sleep if I was going to go back for Grace. This day was beyond exhausting even for a girl in the best of health. For someone like me, it was practically fatal. People like me; we were not meant to survive in harsh times like these.

I leaned my forehead against the window. It felt cold to the touch. At least I was still a warm-blooded mammal. That was all I had left at this point, the red, hot blood flowing through my veins. That was all that separated us from the monsters that pursued us — it wasn't wealth, skin color, religion, or culture as it had been in the wars of the olden days. Now, it was a vital difference of several degrees celsius.

"Seriously, I want you to know I would totally split the cost of the coffee! Right down the middle!" Jack whined.

"Oh, just shut up," Holly mumbled. "No matter how many coffee dates you go dutch on, no one is going to want to jump on your Cheeto-dusted ass. I don't think you can find a girl to touch your pee-pee even if you were the last man on earth."

I knew the two of them were bantering to lighten up the mood, but after everything that had happened, I found the mindless chattered irritating. Then again, being left alone with the silence of our own thoughts could be far worse. We might start wondering what had happened to our families, our friends, to everyone we ever knew. Perhaps, the ones who had died in the Blight were the lucky ones. The survivors had to live with our memories of those that were lost.

As Jack opened his mouth to retort, we heard gunfire erupt behind us. All three of us instinctively ducked. The dreadful silence that followed was worse than the noise that could come from a gun. We were all breathing hard as we listened for an alarm to go off, signaling a vampire attack.

No alarm came on.

Nothing, just silence.

It was the eye of the hurricane. I stared into the rearview mirror. The military-grade high beam lights from the checkpoint had gone out.

All that was left behind us was darkness.

It was the end of humanity as we knew it. I felt a sickening feeling creep into my stomach as I stared at the emptiness behind us, utterly devoid of human life. I thought about the glitzy neon lights of South Beach and wondered if somewhere out there, the calming presence of other people still existed.

When the last light went out, it will be the end of our kind.

"Go!" Jack screamed and started to pat the back of Holly's driver seat with the intensity of a man who was about to crap in his pants. "Go, go, go! Dammit, Holly!"

Holly floored the gas pedal, and I heard the aging engine of my dad's Honda roar in rage. It made a bigger show of huffing and puffing with activity than providing actual speed.

I was pressed against the back of my seat as we started accelerating. I heard Holly whisper, "Shit shit shit," under her breath. In the rearview mirror, I saw a silhouette appear against the darkness of the twilight forest. It was hard to see because the glare from the setting sun blinded us. The shadow was dodging in and out of the darkness of the woods.

"We need to find the sunlight," I whispered. "They won't follow us into the sun."

"Not all the Blight Vampires are afraid of sunlight," Jack said. "Hey, look over there!"

There was a group of stopped cars on the side of the road. One of the vehicles had stalled, and some good samaritans had stopped to help jump-start it. I saw a little boy wander over to peer out onto the open road. The last rays of sunlight seemed to drift over him, covering his gold curls with angelic light.

"Woohoo! We're saved!" Jack said and patted Holly on the back.

"What do you mean, saved?" I asked. These people were just civilians who had stopped to help someone. They were beyond defenseless.

"You don't have to be the fastest runner to escape the bear," Holly mumbled, in agreement with Jack. "you just have to be faster than the next guy."

Oh, it was beyond obvious what the two of them meant. If the vampires were busy eating this group of innocent people, we might just get away.

"You guys are disgusting," I snapped. I reached into the backseat and grabbed Jack's knife. "Stop the car. Let me out!"

"Are you serious?" Jack protested. Just to show him how serious I was, I opened my passenger side door and slid one foot out of the car. Holly sighed and brought the vehicle to a screeching halt just beyond the gathering of cars along the road.

"Get out! See if we care!" Holly snapped.

I leaped out of the car and ran for the stray little boy. I didn't even bother to close the door behind me. Let the two of those selfish idiots figure it out.

The vampire who had been chasing us wandered into the dappling sunlight. The other adults were running about and screaming. I saw the little boy turn around and start to run.

My eyes were fixed on the misshapen jaw that barely hung onto the monster's mouth with stringy tendons. I think, judging by the few strands of black hair the creature had left — the thing had once been female. Its head was twisted to one side, and one of its arms was missing. It reached out for the little boy and caught him by his right foot.

All I heard at that second was the pounding of my heart inside my chest. I leaped for the monster and shoved my knife into its neck. I knew the blade wouldn't be enough to kill it. I pushed the creature directly into the middle of the ray of sunshine and sat down on its chest.

I shoved my knife into its cold chest again and again until blood the color of ashes pooled around us. It wasn't like stabbing a human — no. The black blood bubbled up from the vampire's misshapen chest and pooled between my fingers — cold blood, not human blood, unnatural. The thick, gelatinous substance was oil flowing from the rivers of hell.

"Ailith, watch out!" I heard Holly yell. A shovel was driven clean through the vampire's neck as the creature tried to bite me. I swallowed hard, barely able to piece together what happened. I knew that shovel. It had a chipped corner where my sister had broken it years ago when she tried to shovel leaves out of the gutter. That was my dad's snow shovel.

Holly must have found it in the trunk of my car. Now it had been used to deal a final blow to this vampire that was human only a few hours ago before the storm hit. I could tell by its open salivating mouth and long mangled tongue that it would have happily made a meal of me. That meant we didn't commit murder. It was only self-defense.

I stood up. My legs were shaking so hard, I could barely keep my balance. Jack came over with our car, rolled down the window, and honked.

"Are you okay?" He yelled from the driver's seat.

I nodded. "Yeah," I said and reached for the car door after wiping my bloody hands on my jeans. I just wanted to sit down and take the weight off my trembling knees.

"The first time is the hardest," Jack quipped as Holly approached the passenger side seat. "Isn't that what James Bond says, girls?"





Chapter 8


Chapter 8

Chapter 8 WE ARRIVED IN Miami just as the sun dipped below the horizon. We rode in silence after the incident at the checkpoint. Jack took over the driving responsibilities from Holly. Since the radio was broken, he hummed show tunes to himself, and it was driving me insane.

WE ARRIVED IN Although Holly periodically sighed and flipped her hair in irritation, neither of us stop him. Silence wouldn't have made things any better. There was traffic heading out of the city, toward the interstate and the airport. There were several flashing signs telling us to head away from the shoreline. A haphazard evacuation route was set up. A sign made of cardboard duct-taped to street lights with the words "God has forsaken us," spray-painted on it came into view. Driving down the block, I saw a man hanging from his mansion's balcony, a noose made of bedsheets around his neck.

"Let's stick to the highways," Holly muttered.

"The police might force us to turn back," Jack replied.

"Let them try," Holly said. She was insistent. We were not evacuating tonight. We continued to Miami.

Jack didn't fight. He continued to hum show tunes, a cheerful one this time, from Mama Mia . Holly and I sighed in unison, but that only encouraged him to hum louder. If anything, it was soothing to have something to direct my irritation toward. My mind kept replaying the cracking of the vampire's ribs as I drove my knife into its chest. I couldn't stop thinking about the snarl on the creatures face, those sparkling teeth, and that curled tongue.

Mama Mia Then when my mind finally left the vampire, it would turn to Holly. The sight of her standing over the body with the shovel in her hands. In my memory, I saw her brown hair falling over her shoulders, her chest heaving under her fuzzy sweater.

Who thought she had it in her?

All this time, I thought she was some Queen-bee bimbo who was more concerned about her straight perm and her perfectly manicured nails to do any dirty work.

Also, where the hell was Jack all that time? Was he cowering in the car? It made me want to strangle him from the backseat. Just goes to show you, if you wait for a man to come to save you at the end of the world, you'll be vampire chow.

The future was most definitely female — that is, if we had a future left.

Miami was under more than just military lockdown. The police force and national guard had barricaded off South Beach. There were heavy-duty checkpoints going in and out of the city.

Holly reassured us that her boyfriend Andrew would offer us a place to crash for the night. He had a house that was about four blocks off Ocean Drive. Just like our phones, hers couldn't get a signal. Even so, Holly reassured us if we continued to drive to the coast, it was going to be safe there for the night.

Ever since the Blight Storm took a deadly turn, measures were taken to protect Miami in every direction. There was a military barricade safeguard the city from all sides. As for the beach, there were tents set up all along the water to prevent any unwanted guests from washing up. Megawatt beams were set up all around the city to ensure a safe evacuation at night. Although Jack assured me that not all vampires feared the light, I supposed the military was betting on the fact that at least some of them were.

"See those circus tents?" Jack asked, pointing at the white tips in the distance as we approached along the highway. "The Levanti is here. They're an international society to protect humanity from the vampires."

"So, they're going to keep us safe?" Holly snorted. The night felt unnaturally cold for autumn. She had pulled her sweater sleeves over hands to stay warm. Nervously, she picked bits of piling wool from her sweater and left it in balls around the car seat. My dad wouldn't like that if he were alive. He was a clean freak when it came to his car.



"Probably not," Jack said. "That's why they're evacuating people. Too bad, our cell phones have no reception, and Ailith's car radio is busted. Otherwise, we might find out what's going and who knows — maybe we would be heading to the evacuation center too."

"Hey, this is Ailith's car, and she gets to decide where we take it. We're still heading to South Beach, right, Ailith?" Holly asked me. When I didn't reply, she smirked at Jack. "See? She agrees with me."

"You did save my life," I muttered under my breath. I wondered how Holly quickly recovered from taking life, even if it was a vampire. Maybe being a popular girl made her especially resistant to emphasizing with the less fortunate. Or maybe, she was better at hiding her emotions than the rest of us.

We came to a final checkpoint in 195, heading out of Buena Vista. The officer here was much friendlier than the one we had encountered outside of Windflower Springs. He even tipped his hat at us and smiled. I supposed this was because the vampires haven't infiltrated these parts yet.

"Where are y'all heading to this late at night?" The officer asked. "This bridge to South Beach is closed to anyone without official business over there."

"I work for Syvirua," Jack said as he pulled up an old photo of an ID on his phone. He showed it to the policeman and then flashed his brightest, most innocent smile. "We're here to do some scouting work of the medical facilities you guys are setting up. If the Blight Storm hits again, we need to be prepared."

"You are finally here. Thank God!" The policeman said as he immediately waved for his coworker to lower the barricade and let us through. "We were praying you guys would come."

Amazingly, the officer bought Jack's story. I marveled at how gullible the policeman was and how quickly he deferred as soon as he saw Jack's ID.

"Hey, anything you guys need, just let us at the MPD know," the officer said. "I'll tell you what, now that Charles Leung went and offed himself, people are getting antsy around here. They're saying if a big shot like that decided that this world is doomed, what hope is there for the rest of us, ya? Might as well swallow a bullet before those undead night-walkers get us."

"WHAT?" Jack asked, all the color draining from his face. "Ren Ming Leung is dead? THE CEO of Yageron killed himself?"

"How many Charles Leungs do you know?" The officer said with an uncomfortable laugh. "I'll tell you what; I think this entire evacuation thing is a band-aid. The Blight hit six more major cities in the last 24 hours, and that's not counting all the suburban areas that are now completely blacked out. Do you think — unless these weird Lev-annn-tee guys in lab coats figures out what's causing the storms — come tomorrow, will any city in the United States will be safe?"

"Six more cities?" Holly asked, her hands going to her mouth in shock. Okay, killing a vampire wasn't enough to scare Holly. This did it.

I let the truth sink in. There was nowhere to go. Nowhere to hide. This wasn't just Windflower Springs that had been affected. It was everywhere.

No wonder all communication had been interrupted. We were now utterly and entirely alone. I suddenly understood why these policemen were worshipping the ground that Jack — a supposed Syvirua employee — was walking on. That company was their last hope now that Charles Leung had abandoned us. Syvirua was Miami, no the world's , last chance at survival.

world's And they hadn't come. We were the only members of Syvirua who had shown up. And we were imposters. It seemed wrong to give them false hope.

Then again, what was right and wrong when the world was ending?

"I thought you knew," the police officer said as his brow furrowed. "I thought that's why you were here — to take over now that Yageron has withdrawn their people entirely. Those orientals, can't trust them when you need them — no offense girls. You know I mean those corporate types, not you pretty ladies. Mark my words, I have nothing against anyone working for Syvirua. You guys are bringing those Lumin pills, right?"

"We'll see what we can do," Jack said, avoiding eye contact. As he started up the car again, he paused and rolled down the window. "Officer, one last question."

"Yes?" The policeman asked.

"Was Manna City one of the cities that . . .that fell?"

"No," the officer replied. "Why do you ask?"

"Nothing, no reason," Jack said and drove on, away from the lights into the darkness of bridge.

We rode in complete, deafening silence over the four-mile bridge. Those were the longest five minutes of my life. Across the bay, I saw all the megawatt lights shining bright against the night sky marking humanity's last stand.

"We're all going to die, you know," Jack whispered, finally.

"You know that for sure?" Holly asked, dryly.

"Yeah," Jack said. "Yeah. From this point on, that's a sure thing."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 9


Author's note: Okay, here's the deal. I've had my share of same-sex experiences but I've never written about that type of relationship before now. Here's the warning that if this type of content triggers you to skip the next two chapters.

There is some controversial stuff in this book, it's more of an out-of-the-box story. Then again, if we read the same story every time, wouldn't it get boring?

Also, if anyone sees any mentions of Ailith's name being Auria can you please let me know in the comments? I keep going over the book and changing Auria to Ailith, but I wouldn't be surprised if I missed one.

Chapter 9

Chapter 9 IT'S A FUNNY feeling knowing that you're about to die. It was almost a calming thought, the finality of it all. All my life, I've prepared myself to die when these miracle cells in my heart gave out. Now that I knew that everyone in the world, all seven billion of us, was going to die within a span of a couple of days — for once, my heart seemed to be wholly unexcited. It hadn't been beating strangely at all since the last Blight Storm. For once, the lack of palpitations was what was worrying me.

IT'S A FUNNY lack Then again, with how fast the Blight Storm was eating up most of the world, maybe I wouldn't have to worry for long.

After we finally arrived in South Beach, the tension in the car was palpable. We were all wondering the same thing as we drove through the deserted city. The only lights were the high-beam LED lights that the national guard had placed all over to secure the evacuation route.

The roads heading into the city were empty. We were the only fools driving into the coastal area and not away from it.

"I didn't come back here for Andrew," Holly finally blurted out. "I came because the last thing my father said to me was that he was driving to Miami. He was bringing my mother and Jimmy. He wanted to meet me here. That was 36 hours ago. I wanted to make sure they weren't here. They would never leave without me."

Holly made her hand into a fist and pressed it against her lips as though she couldn't believe she had finally let that little fact slip. When we didn't reply, she rubbed her teary eyes and spoke again.

"I'm so sorry. I should have let you two evacuate."

"It makes no difference now," Jack mumbled, his words barely audible. "We might as well look for your family. We need to get gas anyway. The tank is almost empty."

It was around 10 p.m. that we pulled into Andrew's driveway. As we came to the small row of pitch-black houses, I marveled at how quiet the neighborhood was. Was this what the world will be like in a couple of days when all of humanity was gone?

The first thing I checked for was a garage. Thankfully Andrew, bless his heart, had one. We couldn't risk having our car stolen while we slept. Also, if the Blight Rain came again, the car needed to be protected from the Black Waters.

I wasn't sure how we were going to get inside. The house was entirely dark, and the windows were boarded up. The entire block was deadly silent, so there were no neighbors to help us. I didn't blame them all for evacuating. Who knew what monsters the ocean could be spitting out next?

While Jack and I stared in dismay at the ghostly street, Holly jumped out of the car. She ran up to the house and found a spare key that was hidden under a rock in the modest daffodil garden. Within seconds, she opened the front door, went inside, and the garage door rose. The light from the garage was a welcoming sight in the darkness. Jack pulled the car into the garage, and all three of us made the garage door securely lowered behind us.

After we headed to the door into the house, Holly opened her palm for Jack to hand her the car keys.

"Do I have to? I gave Ailith my pill. Doesn't that mean the car is mine now?"



"No, that's not how it works, asshole," Holly said. "You don't get to keep the car."

"Why not?"

"Because I said so!" Holly yelled and made her hand into a fist again, this time waving it dangerously close to Jack's chin. "Who do you think would win in a fistfight, nerd? I was on the volleyball team. My baseline heart rate is like 50. What's yours, Mr. Calculus?"

"Okay, okay," Jack said with a roll of his eyes. He threw the keys in her general direction. It was obvious he wasn't serious about hanging onto them. Holly, on the other hand, simply needed to be in control. I noticed while we were driving that Jack was content to tailgate other cars, hesitating to pass even in the most favorable of circumstances. Holly needed to be at the front of the pack, always. She didn't respect the speed limit. She was antsy at the thought of a car being in front of her.

Holly shoved the keys in her pocket and waved at me.

"Come on, Ailith," Holly said as she held open the door to the house. "Let's get you out of those clothes. Lucky for us, Andrew keeps his frig stocked with enough alcohol to ride out the vampire apocalypse."

"When the end comes, at least we won't be sober," Jack muttered. "Can I call dibs on the Cheetos at least? I'm going to take those and make myself a blanket burrow in front of the TV. I guess I can relax now since as the sole white dude, I'll probably die last."

Holly rolled her eyes. "No, you'll die last because you're the only virgin here."

virgin I laughed at that. Jack gave me a sour, hurt look in response. "You're on her side too, Ailith? I thought you were one of the nice ones."

"Don't pay any attention to him," Holly said as she herded me into the house. "His only purpose for living now is to convince some girl's he's the last man on earth so he can get laid."

"Hey, don't give away my plan!" Jack whined, playing along. He offered us one last, half-hearted wave and disappeared into the living room.

~*~

Upstairs, Holly started a shower for me. I guess I looked like such a mess with all the blood-caked over my hands and pants that she thought I was in a walking coma. She even went as far as to lay out some jeans and a t-shirt on the bed for me. The clothes looked like they were several sizes too big but I didn't care. Where ever Andrew was now, I doubt he cared either.

"Are you thinking about going back for your sister tomorrow?" Holly asked as she sat down on a squeaky armchair by the window. She put her feet up on the edge of the bed and twirled my car keys around her French manicured nails.

"I don't know," I said and peeled off my jacket. As I started working on unbuttoning my jeans, the sight of the blood over my hands suddenly nauseated me. I hadn't been able to see myself clearly in the darkness of the car. Now, I saw that my fingers were black with vampire blood.

Disregarding the fact that Holly was still in the room, I immediately slipped out of my filthy jeans and dropped them in a corner. I went looking around for a towel to bring into the shower with me when I noticed Holly's socks were stained with blood too. She didn't seem to mind. Her pretty eyes were still fixed on me. She threw my keys in the air and caught them with one hand.

"How can I not go back when there might be a chance?" I asked her, hoping that maybe she could at least look away while I undressed. "You would do it for your brother, Jimmy, right?"

"Jimmy is so young. He's only eleven years old," Holly said as she glanced out the windows into the darkness. In the distance, I saw the giant LED lights the MPD had set up along the beach to deter any vampires from coming up along those shores. The sight of humanity's light, even the strongest light, slowly fading into the darkness of the stratosphere filled me with a sense of loneliness.

Maybe this is what it's like to be dead — an eternal night where the faces of our loved ones faded into the distance until it was barely more than a tiny spark of fragile light.

"I'm 21. Do you know why my parents waited so many years before they had a second child?"

"Why?"

"My parents were trying for a boy, but each time my mother got pregnant, it was another girl. She aborted it each time. If she had not, I would have two sisters."

"I'm sorry," I said, standing there in my t-shirt and underwear, not knowing how to exit the conversation gracefully. I didn't know Holly was about to pour her heart out to me; otherwise, I wouldn't have stripped naked. The shower continued to run in the background. Holly didn't seem to care that the hot water was being used up.

"Don't be sorry," Holly said with a wave of her hand. "It's what happens; I don't think anything of it. But I'm telling you this now because I want you to know I don't think my life is worth less than Jimmy's because he is a boy. I will probably outlive him now. He was always such a weakling with his asthma and his allergies."

Holly chuckled, and her eyes drifted back outside. "It's the survival of the fittest now. Boy, girl, black, white — those vampires don't care. We're all the same. We are the prey."

"Yeah, true," I said and slowly made a gesture of reaching for the bathroom door. Holly didn't take the hint to leave. She started talking again.

"I'm telling you this, Ailith, because you believe your life is worth less than your sister's," Holly scuffed at that. "All just because you were born with a hole in your heart, and I want to tell you — it's not. Your sister didn't survive the Blight. You did. Don't throw your life away to save her out of guilt that you aren't perfect. I understand what it's like, I've been there too."

Now Holly touched a nerve. How could she possibly understand? She was Holly, the picture-perfect cheerleading, volleyball star. She was always strutting around, showing off her toned arms, her gorgeous tan, and her long, athletic legs. She was always wearing those stupid white Keds, the ones that were so fluorescently white — I couldn't believe she actually wore them out on the court to practice. That was Holly; she was perfect.

She never knew what it was like to be like me. I had to stay indoors, had to wash my hands regularly because of all the immunosuppressants I took. I had to wonder with every Christmas that passed — whether it would be my last.

"You don't understand," I said as tears appeared in my eyes. "You have no idea. Grace is all I have left."

"No, we have each other," Holly said and approached me. She raised her hand with its graceful, slender fingers to my face. I felt her round, flawlessly painted nails stroke my cheek. "Have you ever been kissed, Ailith?"

I shook my head. The weight of everything I never got to have hit me like a tidal wave. I was always stoic; I had trained myself to be over time. Now, I was am an emotional wreck. She had known precisely what buttons to push. Just like Jack, she knew exactly how to make me do what she wanted.

"No, never. Now I'm going to die without ever having —"

Before I could finish, Holly's lips met mine.





Chapter 10





Chapter 10

Chapter 10 KISSING HOLLY was like sucking on a cherry ring-pop. Her lips, though parched, still tasted sweet. It must have been my imagination, or maybe it was her lip gloss. Everything about her was succulent and feminine. Growing up, I never liked her because of how girly she was, and now I understood it only added to my desire for her.

KISSING HOLLY Her skin smelled like sunshine and roses. The blush in her pale, translucent cheeks as her lips met mine, again and again, reminded me of a field of flowers under the sun. I could understand as I ran my lips over her skin why all the boys in school were obsessed with her. Yet, here she was with me and not any of them.

As Holly pressed her chest against mine, I felt the softness of her breasts under her fuzzy sweater. Momentarily, I was embarrassed I never had much of chest. My figure was boyish at best. Holly, on the other hand, had more than enough bosom for both of us. She raised her hand to my neck, directed my gaze back to her face, and pressed my mouth up against hers.

I wasn't content to let her take the lead in everything we were doing. I wrapped my hand around the softness of her bosom. She was mine. Holly. The one who all the boys in my high school wanted was all mine.

Holly. I wondered why. Maybe in going after that vampire today, I had proved myself to have more steel inside me than the rest of them. Then again, the only competition I had was Jack, who was about as useful to us in a fight as a pair of glasses was to a sea urchin.

"What about Andrew?" I whispered to her as Holly kissed her way down my neck, and her hair fell around my face in a cascade of light brown.

"What about him?" Holly replied as she pulled my shirt over my head. She pinned my arms above my head and straddled me. I didn't even care that her jeans were stained with vampire blood. What did a little bit of black, dried blood matter anymore? We were probably all going to die soon.

"Nothing," I replied into her smirking face. Yes, why ruin a good thing? Who knew if she was really dating Andrew or he was just one of her many back-up boys on retainer.

"Just lay back and relax," Holly said with a mischievous smile on her face. "You don't need to be scared with me. I'm going to keep kissing you."

As Holly kissed her way down in the valley between my breasts, down the hollow of my stomach, I wanted to stop her.

"Holly," I whimpered.

"Just relax," she whispered again and continued.

~*~

After my shower, I went downstairs for a glass of water. Glancing at my face in the mirror by the front door, I noticed my cheeks were extremely flushed. They were going to give away my secret rendezvous with Holly to our third-wheeling friend Jack. As I rubbed my cheeks, I decided I didn't care.

At least I was clean now. After I left Holly in the shower, I had put on the fresh jeans and a t-shirt. Searching around, I made myself a make-shift belt with a tieback I stole from the curtains upstairs. Andrew's belts proved too big for me. He must have been a huge, muscular boy with a waist to match.

I didn't know what Holly saw in me. Perhaps, I was overthinking things. It's possible she didn't see anything at all. At the end of the world, even a girl like Holly couldn't afford to be picky. Even so, I couldn't stop thinking about the way her silky-soft lips felt as they kissed me. She so easily found the aching in my soul with her delicious mouth.

I didn't understand it yet, but it felt as though she woke a feeling inside me that I never knew I was capable of feeling. From the beginning, I never found boys very interesting. My heart only quickened at the sight of girls with a certain mystique about them. I never knew why until tonight.



Too bad, we were going to die. I was on the brink of a whole new world of discovery.

Jack waved at me from the living room as I came back from the kitchen. He was sitting cross-legged in front of the cable box with all its wires ripped out. While the two of us girls were taking turns showering, he had been hacking into the cable box. The TV was flickering and making all sorts of angry static sounds.

I sat down on the couch behind him. Periodically a blurry scene showing mass evacuations came on the TV. This was interspersed with scenes of reporters standing outside the Yageron headquarters in Beijing.

"You got the TV to work?" I asked in awe. "You are a genius."

"It's not working enough for us to find out anything useful," Jack complained as he continued to tinker with the box of wires. "If only I can use the satellite to get a cellphone signal."

"Even if you managed it, who would you call?" I asked. "Your family? I doubt they have a signal where they are."

Jack ignored my question. The images on the TV screen reflected in his black-rimmed glasses.

"Do you know what this means?" Jack asked as he pointed to the flashes of chaos and looting on screen. I saw a scene of a hospital that had been thoroughly looted with bodies being brought in human remains pouches.

"Why don't you tell me?"

"There are no more Lumins. Not for anyone. From this point on, the Blight is a death sentence."

"Oh? Hasn't it been like that for a while?" I asked, trying not to sound too sarcastic and bitter. Jack was very naive and well-sheltered if he had been hoping that by the time we reached Miami, Yageron would appear and shower Lumins on us while smiling and blowing kisses like Eva Peron.

"But that's not the point — the point is before Leung swallowed a bullet, people had hope. Hope is a powerful thing; it keeps you from turning into animals. With the promise of Lumins, the police could keep order. When all hope is gone, people will turn against each other."

"So, I guess all there's left to do now is to pray?" I couldn't conceal the hard edge to my voice. My mother and sister were both vampires now with no hope of a cure. If another bout Blight Rain were to hit tomorrow, maybe it was just as well. What was there left for me to fight for?

Then again, there was Holly.

I don't know if I meant anything to her. She probably did this all the time, with both guys and girls. In the best circumstance, she probably kissed me so that I wouldn't die a virgin. It was an act of mercy, maybe the only one we were capable of offering each other at the end of the world.

"Cheer up, Jack. You worked for Syvirua. You guys were in the know . You must have some idea this was coming."

know "Yeah," Jack mumbled and leaned back into the foot of the couch. He picked at the wooly carpet, really digging his nails into the carpet as though he wished it were a vampire. His eyes stared off into the eerie static. "Do you know why I quit working for Syvirua? Everyone, including my parents, thought I was crazy. Working for Syrivua is like every little boy's dream job. They have more perks than Google."

"You must regret quitting now. If there is a place in this world safe from the Blight, the Syvirua higher-ups must know about it."

"Yeah, I guess quitting was a dumb idea in retrospect," Jack said. "I had reasons ."

reasons "Let me guess; it's something related to Manna City?" I recalled the lone question that Jack insisted on asking that poor policeman before we drove through the checkpoint. Who the heck cared about those folks in Manna City? They sure as hell didn't care about us.

"Yeah, not Manna City, just with what's inside Manna City."

"Other than annoying celebrities, gaudy crap, souvenir shops, and tourists?"

"You speak like you've been there!" Jack joked and playfully slapped my knee. I smiled despite myself. Then I wiped the smile off my face as a scene of a mass fire raging through a rural town appeared on the screen. Charleston had fallen, and so had Philadephia. They were evacuating D.C. As I continued staring, I saw the onion-dome of a cathedral in Moscow. The vampires were all over the world now.

"No, I've never been."

"I know you haven't. I've only been there once, and I was a programmer with Syvirua at the time."

"Well, at least you got to scratch your tourism itch before the world started going to hell."

"I'm not telling you this to gloat about my Instagram feed. I'm telling you this now because there's a place in that city; it's sort of a big hole in the ground that leads to something awful."

"Like a pothole?"

"No, bigger, much bigger." His hands trembled over the remote as the television cut to a scene of a burning city along the Mediterranean. It looked like St. Mark's Square. Jack sat on his fingers to stop me from staring. "No one knows exactly what's down there."

"Why are you worried now?"

"I go back there in my nightmares," Jack whispered. "I see that place, with all its sticky, oily wetness, where the air itself draws the breath out of your lungs. All this that's happening here, it's just a warning of what's going to happen. In Syvirua, there is a rumor that something crawled out of that place in the ground some twenty years ago. Whatever it is, I think it has something to do with what's happening right now. I think i-it's growing — getting stronger."

Okay, now I wondered if Jack was crazy. Great, not only do we have vampires to deal with now, Jack has lost his marbles too.

I could hardly care less about what was living in a dirty pothole in Manna City. That city was thousands of miles away. Even so, looking at Jack's somber expression, I wisely decided to refrain from laughing at his ghost story.

I got up and went to the fridge. Holly had been right. Andrew kept his stock of beer in tip-top shape. The only food I saw in there was a bag of spinach, some ketchup, and a couple of eggs. I guess our last meal was going to be veggie omelets. I snapped off the caps of the Coronas and offered Jack one.

He took it and drank it without protesting. Jack sat his lanky butt back, straightened his perpetually hunched shoulders, and let loose a relaxed belch.

I wasn't a drinker, but I decided to make an exception that night. I never liked the taste of alcohol; it sometimes made my heartbeat weird. At that moment, the bitterness of the hops was precisely what my nerves needed.

Finally, after we both downed about half a bottle, I spoke up again. It was the question of the night, the one on all our minds.

"What do you think we should do now?"

"I don't know. Evacuate? Stay and fight? I guess those are our only two options."

"Is there a point to evacuating?"

"Probably not," Jack said and finished his bottle. As he raised the bottom of his glass to the sky, his t-shirt pulled up from his belly. I saw a glimpse of muscular abs. It looked as though Jack was secretly hiding a toned physique under all his nerdy paraphernalia. I wondered if I should mention it to Holly or if she might feel like removing his shirt and examining him for herself. Nah, so what if Jack had done some sit-ups back in the day? He was still useless in a fight. "We have some time until the next storm. The weather report says clear skies for the next couple of days. We can visit the tents on the beach tomorrow. See how screwed we are when the next Blight Rain comes."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 11


Author's Note: Please remember to vote! Thank you!



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Chapter 11

Chapter 11 MAYBE IT was Jack's rambling, but I had a dream that night about the hole in the ground he spoke about. As I came to the edge of the hole, I noticed the shards of glass under my feet weren't glass at all. It was pieces of bone. There were pieces of femurs, ribs, and shattered skulls.

MAYBE IT I came to a doorway that had fallen, its intricately carved metal frame half-buried under the wreckage. As I looked down from between the two fallen walls, I stared down into the abyss was overcome by a memory of falling. A memory came into my mind of seeing the sky fading, and I toppled down into the darkness of hell.

I blinked and stepped back. No, I hadn't fallen. It was an illusion. It was a dream. I needed to wake up.

"So you've finally come," a voice said from behind me. I spun around half-expecting a vampire. It was just a boy. He was tall, slender, with a mop of black hair and bright green eyes. Even though he didn't look like a monster, there was something about him that filled me with unease.

"Who are you?" I asked.

"I could ask you the same," he said and came up beside me. "What are you doing here?"

you "You first," I said. Maybe it was instinct, but I didn't trust this boy. I didn't know why I was dreaming of him. I had never seen him before in my life.

"I was born here," he said. "I've been here, always, waiting for you. But this isn't my dream. It's yours. I've never seen this place in this state. You're showing me so much." He blinked at me. I didn't know why he was fascinated by my face. "You don't know," he whispered in awe. "You have no idea what you're doing here."

"You're not answering my question," I said and took a step back toward the edge of the hole.

"Give me your hand," the boy said and reached out toward me. "Let me see you. Let me find you."

"No," I said and took another step back. He tried to grab my hand, but I back away. I lost my balance on the edge and started to fall.

~*~

I woke up in with my heart pounding inside my chest. It was Jack who had woken me. I sat up and took a few gulps of air. Holly was sleeping on a couch nearby. Vaguely, I recalled Holly, and I had decided that we should stick together instead of retiring to separate rooms. I was lying in a sleeping bag on the carpet of Andrew's living room. I wasn't lying at the end of a bottomless hole. It was only a dream. I was back in South Beach. It was just a dream.

"What's going on?" Holly mumbled from under a pile of blankets. "I thought I told you to sleep upstairs."

"I came down because I heard Ailith screaming her sleep," Jack said. "I thought the vampires got in."

Before I was able to reply, we heard sirens in the distance. The flicker of police lights came through the closed blinds.

"Come out with your hands up!"

All three of us stared at each other. We sat still, as though we had been turned into stone. As the police's voices continued to blare over the megaphone, we still didn't do anything. Somehow, things had gotten to the point that we knew that warning wasn't for us. We were still among the living.

I jumped as the gunshots started.

I felt so numb from the events of the past couple of days; it almost sounded like toy guns to me. It was disturbing to me that this was what was considered normal now. We were living in a war zone.

When the shooting finally ended, we heard a moaning. The seconds seemed to stretch for years until we heard one final shot from the policeman's guns that put the thing out of its misery.

Could those things still talk? I gulped. Did that mean it was still human, even just a little bit? That it could have been saved if the right medicine came along? That the officers had killed in cold blood?

No, Holly was right. I needed to stop thinking like that. That thing would slurp up my guts like a never-ending bowl of pasta at the Olive Garden if it had a chance.

"Another one on Martin Luther Blvd!" One of the men outside yelled.

We heard the sound of police cars being started up and then the sound of vehicles driving away. The ordeal was finally over, at least for us.

"Like I was saying," Jack said, clearing his throat as though nothing had happened. "Ailith was screaming. I'll go back upstairs to bed now."

"No, wait!" Holly said. "There's another couch over there. You can stay there next to the window."

"Gee, thanks so that the vampires will eat me first?" Jack said, laughing. Despite his retort, he settled down on the couch and pulled a blanket over his jeans. I saw his feet, with his right big toe sticking out prominently from a hole, wriggle from under the covers. "You okay, Ailith?"

"Yeah," I replied, settling back down under the folds of my sleeping bag. "I'm okay. I had a nightmare."

"About vampires?"

"No, about a boy with strange green eyes."

"Was it someone you knew?" Holly asked. "I dreamed of Jimmy and my parents back in our house in Windflower Springs. I saw them eating New Year's Dinner without me. I wonder if that means they're dead."

"It wasn't anyone I've met before," I said. "Yet, he felt familiar. He wanted me . . . to take his hand. The thing is, I don't think he was leading me anywhere good."

"Be careful," Jack interjected suddenly stern. "Sometimes, dreams aren't just dreams."

"You know somethin' Jackie boy?" Holly asked. "Something you're keeping from us?"

"Nothing," Jack said and rolled over on the couch to turn his back on us. "Just go to sleep, okay?"

After a few minutes, I saw a light come on from under Jack's covers, and then as he rolled around to face us, I saw some colorful lights reflected on the lens of his thick glasses.

"What are you doing over there?" Holly demanded.

"Candy Crush. I gotta get to level 6000 before the end of the world," Jack whined. "It's my last wish. Don't you have one too?"

"Well, I would like my death to mean something other than becoming vampire food."

"Oh, shut up, stop feeding the troll," Holly yelled and threw a pillow at me.





Chapter 12





Chapter 12

Chapter 12 " WHERE DID the last egg go? There were four here last night!"

WHERE DID I supposed there could be worse things than having a pitbull like Holly in charge of rations. She showed no mercy even though Jack did manage to get the cable box working again. Unfortunately, that morning the only working channel was a home improvement channel.

The skies were overcast the next day, which meant we had to be extra careful. We ate what was left of the food in Andrew's fridge. Jack and Holly discovered a huge box of protein bars in the cupboard, and we rejoiced for all of five minutes.

Jack complained about his peanut allergy, and Holly told him there was no place for people with allergies at the end of the world. I bet just to spite her; he ate two eggs even though we all agreed to eat one each. Holly followed him from room to room, calling him names like "scrotum for brains." Jack grinned to himself and kept tapping away on his cellphone.

I ate one of the protein bars and washed it down with another beer for breakfast. There was a carton of milk in the refrigerator, but it was expired. Before coming here, I never had a corona before, but I remembered the commercials on TV of a couple lying on a tropical beach with a lime wedged into the mouthpiece of a corona bottle. I always wanted to go to a beach like that, but now, as the world fell to pieces around us, this would have to do.

I remembered that when I was a kid after my mom just had Grace, we went to the beach, and I tried to swim in the ocean. I didn't get very far before I started feeling weak, and the waves pulled me further and further from shore. My dad had to swim out to get me. He caught me by the foot and dragged me back onto land. As we drove home, I remembered him joking that Gong Gong, the water god, was trying to kidnap me and make me his bride.

I spent weeks after that, having flashbacks of drowning and being stolen away to an underwater palace with a red-headed serpent king. One night, as I awoke crying from another nightmare, my mom explained to me that Gong Gong was too busy ruling the Yellow River to come after me here in Southern Florida.

Eventually, I got over my fear of water. As I sat there, staring at the flickering television screen, I started to wonder if my childhood fear had returned.

~*~

Finally, as the sky became brighter, we decided to go outside to see what was going on. As soon as we opened the front door, we were approached by a man holding a duffle bag in one hand.

"Do you have room in your car for one more?" The homeless man asked. He smelled like urine and had circles under his eyes. I saw sweat stains under his armpits and needle tracks on his inner arms. He must be one of the party-type, heroin users that had accidentally gotten left behind in a Downton nightclub on by his crew. "My car died, and I need to get home to Chicago."

"Sorry, buddy," Jack said without hesitation. "No room here. Try down the street."

"No one has any room in their cars!" The man complained, and then his bloodshot eyes fixated on Holly and me. "How about you two girls?"

"Listen to what the gentleman said and get lost," Holly retorted with her hands firmly on her hips. For once, I was grateful I was with the two of them. No one could get past these two to take our car. I don't think I would have stood firm. I probably would have offered him a seat, and then he probably would have slit my throat before we got to the nearest checkpoint.

"Thanks," Jack said to Holly after the car-seat-monger ran off. "I guess this means we're patched up over the lost egg thing?"

"You wish," Holly retorted and kept walking. "Find me a carton of eggs, and then maybe we'll talk."

"She drives a hard bargain, doesn't she?" Jack whispered and playfully elbowed me in the shoulder.

The world outside was pure chaos. Although I imagined the smarter people had already left yesterday when the evacuation was announced, there were still people left who had taken their time to get their act together. Up and down the street outside, stragglers were loading up their cars, and fighting to evacuate. I saw a little girl with frizzy hair and pasta stains down the front of her sweater sitting inside a Jeep Wrangler, guarding a pile of Ramen. She pointed a baseball bat at me, so I backed off.

Her parents were standing a few feet away, arguing with each other about whether to pack the crystal candlestick holders. Just down the block, I saw an old woman sitting in a rocking chair by her window. She stroked the rifle in her hands as we went by. I hoped she had more than that to fight off the vampires.

The streets were covered in garbage and possessions that the evacuees had left behind. We stared in silence as we came on the body of a man lying on the ground. He had charcoal-colored vomit streaming down his chin and onto his shirt. He must have been a businessman in another life. Judging by the round of bullets I saw in his chest, he must have been the target of the shootout we heard last night.

"They really shouldn't leave these bodies here," Jack muttered and wrinkled his nose at the corpse. "Who knows if they are really dead."

"Where would the police take them all?" Holly snarled back. It was clear from the cutting edge to her voice that the gruesome sight was getting to her. "Make a huge bonfire on the shore to warn the other vampires not to approach? It's not like there is an environmentally friendly vampire recycling plant just down the street."

"Yeah, I guess you're right," Jack conceded. "You know what? Let's walk to the shore. Maybe we'll get some more news in the busier, ritzy part of town."

"I think the rich people are a hundred miles away from here by now. Maybe we should join them," Holly said as we walked past a couple of families who were frantically loading cardboard boxes into their cars. "This place will be a ghost town when it gets dark tonight."

"It's your car, Ailith, what do you want?"

I wished Jack hadn't put me on the spot. I knew what Holly was thinking. If we left now, she might still be able to reunite with her family at the evacuation center. Maybe she was right. It made sense for her to go where everyone else was going. Me, on the other hand, I knew if I left, my mother and sister were lost to me.

"Let's go to the shore," I said. "Maybe the Levanti has a way of communicating with our families. I wonder if my dad is alive, at least."

"What do you know about those people?" Jack asked. "Why do you think they will help you?"

"It's worth a try, at least."

Jack and I studied each other silently. He didn't like the Levanti. I could tell by the suspicious way he spoke about them. His tone said he thought they were a cult who were out on the beach brewing Kool-Aid. I noticed the hard edge to his voice, the same one he used last night when he warned me that my dream was not just a dream.

What did Jack know?

Holly didn't seem to care. Her eyes kept darting from car to car, heading down Ocean Drive. Holly wanted to evacuate. She didn't say the words out loud, but I knew she had already begun to change her mind about coming here. She just didn't want to have the cowardly role of being the first to suggest it, especially since she was the one who had brought us to South Beach in the first place.

I guessed that we all had some secrets. I didn't tell them that my father worked for Ianus medical labs, a medical facility that experimented with cloning animals before they were shut down by the government for falsifying data. I remembered him talking about the Levanti before. He always had kind things to say about them, as though he owed them a great debt. They were the ones who got him in touch with the doctors who transplanted the cells into my heart.

"We should hurry," Holly said, glancing at the sky. "By noon, we need to decide if we're staying or evacuating. I have a feeling the vampire attacks are only going to get worse from now on."





Chapter 13





Chapter 13

Chapter 13 " WHY DO you think these people know where your dad is anyway?" Holly asked.

WHY DO I ignored her question and continued walking onto the beach. The sand sank under my feet with every step, making it hard to get away from my two friends quickly. To make our journey even more complicated, debris came flying across the beach. There were cardboard boxes and plastic bags from a nearby convenience store. Judging by the way the glass display widow was smashed, it had been looted.

My stomach growled at the sight of an empty Lay's bag that flew across my path. I saw both Holly and Jack cease their arguing to glance curiously at that direction of the deserted food. In the corner of my eye, I saw about a dozen bags of Oreos cookies scattered across the boardwalk. The seagulls were picking off the crumbs from the ripped packages.

I imagined I could shove an entire stack of Oreos in my mouth right there and then.

No, I had to focus.

"Whooo-ho-ho!" I heard Jack yell from behind me. "What do we have here? How did the looters know that Xplosion Takis were my favorite?"

"Hey, save some for me!" Holly replied.

Thank goodness. W hile they were distracted by the snacks, I saw my chance. I rushed for the nearest tent and nearly collided with a man in a hazmat suit.

Thank goodness. W "Watch where you are going!"

On second glance, I saw it wasn't a man. Through the face shield, I saw it was a woman. An old one. She had grayish-brown hair and spectacles. She took off her helmet and glared at me. I noticed she was wet all over from the steam that had been used to decontaminate her.

woman. What in the world were they keeping in those tents?

"I'm sorry — so very s-sorry. I was just wondering if you can help me find my father."

"Get out of here, girl, go back home."

"I-I don't have a home anymore. Please."

"I'm sorry to hear that," the woman said wearily. Her bored facial expression said she was anything but genuinely sorry. I didn't blame her. After everything that had happened in this city, in this country , the past couple of days, who had sympathy to spare? Sympathy was harder to find than the Lumins we were so desperately hungry for. I ran up to her, eager to give her something that would differentiate me from the hordes of unhappy people who had lost someone to the Blight.

country "Here, let me show you this."

I rolled up my sleeve to show her the tiny tattoo on my left shoulder. It was so small; most people would mistake it for a mole or a birthmark. On closer inspection, it looked like three triangles linked together. I knew because once I had stolen my dad's magnifying glass from his stamp collection and looked at my arm for hours in the mirror. I was sure it was a witch's mark of some kind.

In middle school, I learned the correct word for that shape was a valknut .

valknut It would have been a cool tattoo to have if my parents didn't tell me it was placed on me after my surgery. It was a label for the Levanti to track the people who had the KoRi cells implanted in them. From what I read online, the tattoo was also to help doctors identify patients who needed special treatment. KoRi cells were frequently rejected by their recipients, and doctors had to be very careful about what medicine they gave KoRi patients because we took so many immunosuppressants.

I was one of the lucky ones. Ten was the upper limit of how long KoRi cells survived in the recipients before the transplanted cells went nuts and killed their recipients. For some, ten years were enough. With a simple internet search, I found out that I was living on borrowed time.

The old woman took off her big black rubber gloves and caught my arm. She brought my arm within an inch of her nose and frowned. She finally understood that I was one of the "special" ones who were chosen by the Levanti to live with these cells in their bodies. Or rather, wait for a slow death.

"Who are you looking for?" She asked, this time with much more patience.

"My dad — Wang Xu Ying, he goes by Peter sometimes. I was separated from him back in Windflower Spring. I just want to know if he's alive."

"I'm sorry, can't help you," the old woman snapped and started walking away.

"If you will just —"

Just what? Just give me my family back? I didn't even know what I wanted from this woman. I just knew I ached all over. Standing here, on this godforsaken beach in this dying world — I just wanted her to do the impossible. I wanted time to turn around, to go back to three days ago.

As I stood there panting in anger, on the verge of tears, the scientist turned around and sighed.

"Everyone has lost someone, kid. I'll tell you what, if you want to come with me I can give you a hot meal. We're short of supplies as it is."

"Wait! WAIT!" I screamed. The woman finally stopped in her tracks. I knew I was rude, but I couldn't believe how she could just dismiss my concerns just like that. She had such a kind, motherly look to her at first glance. "I don't want to come with you for a m-meal. I just want to find my family."

She turned around and to my shock, reached for my neck. I didn't even fight back. Her cold fingers reached for my carotid and took my pulse. Then she started to poke around my face, lifting my eyelids and staring into my pupils.

"Were you caught in the rain?"

"No!"

"Tell me the truth."

"I was . . .for a little while. Why? Am I turning? "

turning? She withdrew her hands and patted my shoulder. I didn't feel comforted. She didn't look impressed by my eyes. If I were turning in a vampire, I would have expected her to go running away from me screaming. Instead, the old woman shook her head.

"No, no, you're fine. What's your name?"

"Ailith. . .Ailith Ying."

"I'm Dr. Lemeris, Lana Lemaris. I'm not one of the members of the search and rescue team. I'm not even on the quarantine squad. I'm just here to take samples of the waters for our library back in Lykos. I really can't help you, Ailith."

I nodded. "Okay, I don't know why I blew up. I'm emotional. It's a crazy time."

"I know," she said. "Ying, that name sounds familiar." She seemed to narrow her wrinkled eyes for a second to think. Then Dr. Lemeris shook her gray head at me. "Sorry I really can't help you."

With those words, she walked away from me to another nearby tent. After she was gone, I turned to the tent she had come from. The door was open. I couldn't contain my curiosity. I peeked inside. They were not holding equipment or weapons inside that heavily guarded place.

No, it was nothing like that.

Inside, I saw holding cells of vampires with masks on their faces to keep them from biting each other.

I suddenly understood why my name might have meant something to that doctor.

In the far left holding cell was a small, diminutive vampire.

Even though her face was covered by the mask they had put on her, her hair was still in a ponytail. She was sitting with her arms around her knees. Her jeans were ripped, and her knees were skinned. She was still wearing the same stained sweatshirt.

It was Grace.





Chapter 14





Chapter 14

Chapter 14 " Y-YOU GUYS don't understand. I saw her! I saw my sister. They're holding her prisoner."

Y-YOU GUYS I rejoined my friends on the sunny boardwalk that was now completely picked clean of convenience store loot. While I was with Dr. Lemeris, Holly and Jack were busy scouring the boardwalk for intact bags of junk food to carry back to our house. Jack carried shopping bags with a happy face over the words, "Thank You!" The bags were filled to the brim with various delicious snacks.

Neither of my friends looked especially interested in my revelation that I found my sister in one of the Levanti tents.

"Are you sure it was her?" Holly asked. Suddenly, her perpetual coldness — which only last night had seemed like strength and will to live — now did nothing except annoy me.

Holly didn't care about anyone else except for herself.

In Holly's eyes, she was the survivor, and Grace was just dead weight.

Suddenly, I wondered if Holly would discard me just as fast if I were caught in the Blight Rain. I couldn't believe I thought she looked radiant that morning in that matted blue sweater. Now it seemed stupid to me that she hand-washed it last night because being as stuck-up and as picky as she was — she wouldn't be caught dead in men's clothing.

She even took an hour that morning to powder down her face. I suddenly had an urgent desire to tell her the foundation on her face didn't match the color of the skin on her neck. I was sure if I said that, she would hate me forever.

"Even if it was her, what are we going to do about? Stop dreaming, Ailith! Do you think that the ancient pill is going to work?"

"Yeah, maybe it wasn't even her," Jack offered. "All vampires look pretty much alike. It's all grrr! Slobber slobber! Drink blood!"

"Shut up, jerk," Holly said and motioned for Jack to stop talking. At least she could see how upset Jack's comments were making me.

Undeterred, the oblivious Jack Fayer continued ranting on and on.

" Gawd , that's so creepy that your sister followed us all the way here from Windflower Springs. You're giving me goosebumps just thinking about it. If the Levanti hadn't caught her, we might have been her next meal."

Gawd "Look, I have to get this pill to her!" I yelled, trying my best to contain my wild emotions at the thought of my sister being someone's science experiment. "I'll do it by myself if I have to."

"Are you just going to march in there, past their guards, and do it?" Jack asked with a laugh. "I think I saw dudes with guns walking back and forth along the beach. They'll shoot you both."

"Why? Do you have a better idea?"

"Uh — yeah. Save that pill for someone else! Who knows if it will even work after all this time?

"I'm going to go find out." I turned and started to walk away when Holly came and blocked my path.

"Okay, stop it," she said. "Ailith, you don't always need to be so direct and blockheaded about everything. Maybe if we asked nicely, they will let us."

"Well, good luck doing that," Jack said.

"I worked in customer service. I know a thing or two about manipulation," Holly said and walked over the nearest guard holding a rifle.

I saw her laugh as she talked to him. She flipped her hair and smiled broadly. Even though the sky was overcast, her pearly white teeth looked like a blinding source of light. Back in high school, I would have rolled my eyes at her. It was so dumb that the popular girls thought they could get away with anything by playing stupid while bending over and tossing back their shampoo-commercial perfect hair.



He spoke to her, and I saw her throw back her head to laugh. She waved me over and pointed at the tent.

Walking over, I felt my cheeks grow hot in embarrassment. I couldn't believe that the move actually worked. The guard nodded at me.

"You have a Lumin pill?" He asked. "And you want to give it to one of the infected?"

I nodded and showed him the pill in my open palm.

"That's nothing like any Lumin I've ever seen," the guy said, his brows furrowing with suspicion. "Where did you get it?"

"Oh, I found it," Holly said. "My ex-boyfriend kept it in our medicine cabinet. I didn't give it back to him when I threw him out. Can you believe he evacuated with his new girlfriend? Men are such jerks. Now, I want to do the right thing and give this pill to one of those poor people who are infected by the storm. Can my friend go in there and hand it over, pretty please?"

pretty "Sure, do it quick," the guard said and waved me into the tent. "Don't reach into the cage, okay, missy? They're vicious. Will take your hand off at the wrist if you let them."

"Do I need to put on a special suit or anything?" I asked as I hesitated outside the tent.

"Nope," the guard said. "Only those handing the contaminated waters need to. The vampires can't transmit their virus just by coughing on you. Just don't get close enough for them to grab you or bite you."

"Sorry," Holly whispered to the guard. I saw her rolling her eyes at me as though she couldn't believe I asked such a stupid question. "She's got a lot of book learning, not much common sense."

I decided not to stick around, or the guard might change his mind. Summoning up my courage, I walked straight into the tent and opened the glass door leading to the cages.

Grace sat in the far corner of her cell and showed no sign that she recognized me. I kneeled down in front of the thick glass that separated us and opened my palm to show her the pill.

"Grace, it's me — Jiejie."

Grace didn't react to that nickname. It meant older sister in Chinese, and she hated calling me that. She wanted to call me by my name like her schoolmates called their siblings. I expected her to sniff in disdain at me. It would have comforted me, gave me a sign that she was Grace inside that pale, battered, haunted body, but she didn't react at all. Her knobby knees were stained with black fluid.

I didn't know if it was more Blight Rain or if her very blood ran inky black now like the waters that had transformed her. Loose strands of her hair hung over her dirty, muddy cheeks. I saw her eyelids flutter, revealing a glimpse of a glowing pupil. She reminded me of a cat caught in the headlights.

I cleared my throat and continued in a more serious, more desperate tone.

"It's me, your sister . . . Ailith. If you eat this, you'll feel better," I said. When she didn't budge from her place at the corner of the cell, I inched closer to the glass. I reached into one of the glass holes for airflow and offered it to her.

As she caught my scent, Grace slowly raised her face to me. Her wet black hair hung over her eyes, and black streaks of watery slime dripped down her milk-white skin.

My sister pushed herself up from her dark spot and crawled towards me. I noticed how animal-like her movements were, how she balanced herself on the balls of her feet and the tips of her fingers. She was cat-like, and her eyes emitted a grayish light.

Growing up, Grace loved stray cats. She used to sneak lion-head meatballs outside for a little black cat that lived in our yard. I remembered that she would cover the meat with a layer of white rice so that our mother wouldn't notice. My parents would have barked if they knew she was feeding the stray cat expensive meatballs.

Grace loved animals; she didn't care if they were strays who had fleas, ticks, and worms.

One winter day, that cat died in the worst possible way. It crawled under the hood of our dad's car on a cold day and got trapped. Every day, our dad's car smelled more and more like something sweetly rank. Whenever we turned the heater on, a foul smell filled the car. When I finally told our father to check under the hood, I remembered him pulling into the cat's broken, decayed body. I recalled the tangled black hair falling off the cat's limp body in patches where its skin had sloughed off to reveal rotten flesh.

I don't know why that memory came back to me in that instant as I tried to hand Grace the Lumin pill. As she neared me, Grace's lips parted. Inside her mouth, I didn't see a human tongue. I saw black fur just like that decayed cat. I smelled that cat emitting from her pores.

She opened her mouth as though to shriek, but no sound came out. What emitted from her lungs was a whiff of odorous breath that reminded me of the sitting in our father's car suffocating under the thick smell of death.

I drew my hand back, dropping the precious tablet on the ground inside the cell.

When I reached into the cell to reclaim it, Grace snapped at me. I heard her teeth crack with the force of her attempt to bite me. I snatched my hand back and left the pill inside. She trampled it under her feet in her anguished attempt to grab me.

I fell onto my back and instinctively inched away. Something primal overtook me. It no longer mattered that she was my sister. All my courage left me. I just needed to get away.

away. She sensed my terror. At that second, her vampire instinctive took over too. Hunger. Famished, uncontrollable desire for warm bloody human flesh; that was her entire existence now.

Hunger. Unable to reach me, Grace pounded her entire body against the glass. Her neck snapped back with such force that she couldn't possibly be alive. The glass cracked, and she left smears of ash-colored blood all over.

She didn't stop, not even as the shards of glass drove under her skin and impaled her.

Thump. Thump. Thump.

Thump. Thump. Thump. Her torso continued to pound on the glass wall. Even as her ribs cracked and her limbs flailed uselessly around her.

I backed away with such force that I banged my head against the opposite wall. I didn't know what happened after that. But even under my closed eyes, I could hear her banging against the glass.

Thump. Thump. Thump.

Thump. Thump. Thump.





Chapter 15





Chapter 15

Chapter 15 " YOU HAD a nasty spill," a voice said when I finally woke up. "Keep that ice on your forehead, or you're going to have a lump in the shape of unicorn horn there."

YOU HAD I was inside a tent. It wasn't the tent that Grace had attacked me in. This one had a desk and a bed in it. As I rolled over onto my side, I saw Dr. Lemeris sitting at a table with a microscope set up on it. She was busy charting in a spiral notebook while switching between samples under her lens.

Dr. Lemaris wasn't wearing a hazmat suit anymore. She was wearing a plain lab coat now, and underneath, I saw a pair of stockings ending in modest heels.

"Where am I? Where are my friends?"

"Your friends went home. A lot of gall you three had, breaking into a restricted space."

"Am I being detained ?" I asked. "Are you going to put me in one of your glass cages like my sister?"

detained "So, that thing was your sister," Dr. Lemeris said without looking up from her notebook. "And no, we're short enough on space as it is. We can't spare one of those holding cells for a foolish girl just because she has a lump on her head."

was "Is she okay — my sister?" I asked, somewhat relieved that Dr. Lemeris wasn't going to throw me in prison.

"No, your sister got away. The footsteps led in the direction of the ocean. No one knows where she disappeared to."

"Oh," I said, not sure if that was good or bad news at this point. "Is Grace dead?"

"Yes, your sister is dead. That thing that freed, though, I don't know. It might find its way back to you. You see, silly girl, when a human becomes infected, the last vestige of their mind sometimes clings to a living person. If the last person your sister saw while alive, was you, in her undead state might feel a pull towards you, some might call it a bond."

"Was that why she broke through the glass to get to me?"

"You must kill her," Dr. Lemeris said as she finally turned to me and gave me a serious glare over the rims of her silvery reading-glasses. "She will never stop until she has killed you. I can see by the look on your face you think I'm lying to you. It's just as well. People seldom do what's good for them, that's why they're all dead. I don't know why I even bother telling you this. Clearly, you don't believe your sister is beyond saving."

"I almost got that pill to her! I almost brought her back!"

"And she almost killed you!" Dr. Lemeris said. "You're really lucky she was more afraid of our guards than hungry for your flesh! You're going to die out there if you keep acting this stupid."

"Then why are you helping me? Just let me go. You guys don't look you're the least bit interested in helping the rest of Miami."

"While you were sleeping, you called out a name," Dr. Lemeris whispered. "It makes me think you might know more than you pretend to."

"What name?"

"It doesn't matter. If I repeated it to you'll just deny it. Come here, Ailith, and look at this."

I left the ice bag on the cot and approached the gray-haired scientist. She gestured for me to look into the microscope. Placing my eyes over the cold metal lens, I saw an ordinary human cell appear in my visual field. It was a fat thing that reminded me of an egg on a frying pan.

As Dr. Lemeris placed a droplet of inky water on the dish, the cell started to change. Its membrane turned spiked like Bart Simpson's hair. Then the cell multiplied and started devouring the cells around it. Those surrounding cells, which were thin and linear containing what looked to be muscle striations, had no chance against their new aggressive neighbors.

"What did you do?"

"I gave it cancer," Dr. Lemeris said with a chuckle. "See, a human cell is what we call a differentiated cell. It has a role to play, and it plays that role until the signal comes for it to die. A cell that doesn't follow those rules can go back in time, to a time of infinite possibilities. Those signals can tell it to form muscle cells, heart cells, or to live forever."

"Are you talking about me?" I asked. "About the KoRi cells in my heart?"

"I'm talking about Black Waters," Dr. Lemeris corrected. "It's the signal, the cytokine if you will, that comes along and whispers — rebel against your destiny . Your sister isn't your sister anymore. She and the others —they are a cancer on humanity now. There's nothing more you can do for her."

rebel against your destiny "So why are you guys here if not to help people? You're just here to watch everyone die?"

"We are trying to help," Dr. Lemeris said. "But humanity might be beyond the point of saving. Do you know why the symbol of our organization is the spider? In ancient times, our elders worshiped a woman named Orienne, who was a weaver of threads of fate. They said that a guardian of heaven named Jaduerial fell in love with her, but she ran away from him and went to the underworld. They say after she left, Jaduerial made it rain for forty nights and days, flooding the world, and destroying all the creatures that lived on land."

"Sounds like a cool myth, what does it have to do with anything?"

"It's raining again, just like ten thousand years ago."

"Okay," I said with a sigh. "So instead of searching for some immortal mythical goddess who probably escaped to the goddamn moon like Chang, the god of archery's wife, how about, we think about a real solution? Like how to get more Lumin pills?"

"Lumins are lies," Dr. Lemeris said and went back to her work with the microscope. "It's not a cure. They profit off the poor by selling them hope, but they're only buying time. It's the greed of the corporations that brought us all to this point. There's going to be a purge coming soon. Just like the cell I showed you, when it's over, we'll see if it's humanity's fate to adapt or to die."

I folded my arms over my chest. "So you don't have any answers. We're all doomed to die. You guys were around for how many thousands of years? Haven't you figured out anything?"

"Ailith," she said. Before I could leave the tent, she placed a hand on my shoulder. "Don't be afraid to die. With every death, there is a rebirth."

"Thanks, but I'm more than ready to die," I spatted in return. "Fear is the last emotion I feel."

"I know," Dr. Lemeris said. "You're not afraid. You're very brave, just as your sister was. But someone is trying to keep you alive. You'll know soon enough who it is. If I can offer you a small measure of advice, let me tell you this — change is inevitable. If it comes faster or sooner, it will eventually come."





Chapter 16





Chapter 16

Chapter 16 I WALKED back home around mid-afternoon. I couldn't wait to hear Holly lecture me about stupid it was to go after my sister. She was probably going to give another one of her talks about how, during the apocalypse, it was everyone for themselves.

I WALKED Maybe Holly was right — perhaps the two of them were the only family I had left in this ruined world. As I wandered down the empty streets, it occurred to me seeing a human face — any human at all — would have been a relief at this point.

As I got to Andrew's house, I couldn't believe my eyes. The front door to Andrew's house was wide open. The garage door was empty. My dad's car was gone.

wide open. No! She wouldn't just leave me!

No! She wouldn't just leave me! For the longest time, I just stood there unblinkingly. This couldn't be happening. They wouldn't just evacuate without me. But the scene before me spoke of a different story. The doormat had been knocked off the porch and was sitting on the lawn. Unopened junk mail laid strewn over the front steps. I stood there and stared even as the wind blew some abandoned paper plates and garbage bags over from the neighbor's yard.

The entire street was empty of people, and my friends were gone as well.

I reached into the pocket of my oversized jeans and found Dr. Lemeris's card. She said I could call her if I needed a place to stay. Any of the military officials walking around would have a working phone. I felt a hard lump growing in my throat. I didn't want to go back there to those sterile tents full of medical equipment.

More than that, I felt horribly betrayed. The two of them left me while I was unconscious and stole my father's car. Some friends they were. How could I have treated them like family? I was desperate with grief, and I had trusted them like an idiot.

and In a fury, I kicked one of the overturned garbage cans but only succeeded in hurting my big toe. I clenched my fists and grunted with all my might at the open front door. Then, I took several deep breathes and reluctantly — slowly placing one foot ahead of the other, I grudgingly headed back to the boardwalk.

Everything was a lie. Holly wasn't into me. She just wanted my car. As for Jack, he didn't come running downstairs last night to keep us from being turned into vampire food. He was just worried the car key would end up splintered between some vampire's rotten teeth.

I was so wrong about everything. I had been so naive to trust the two of them. People never change. I thought back to that time in middle school when someone nicked my Hello Kitty wallet from my backpack as I waited to buy a firecracker Popsicle from the ice cream truck. When I got to the front of the line, I reached into my bag and realized my money was gone. I asked if anyone had seen it, and the popular kids all laughed at me. Of course, they knew where my money had gone. They just thought I was the creepy loser who sat on the bleachers during gym class.

As I walked, I thought back to what Dr. Lemeris told me about rebirth. Heck, if I ended up falling into the ocean and becoming a vampire — I'm going to haunt those two to the ends of the earth.

As I walked, I saw the granny from earlier sitting at the window. She was still stroking that rifle in her hands as she rocked back and forth in a chair on her porch. I hadn't noticed before, but now I saw that she had cataracts in her eyes, and her mouth was missing a set of dentures.

"The world is ending," she said to me. "And the devil shall roam the earth."

"Excuse me?" I asked.



"Satan has escaped from his bottomless pit. He walks among us."

It was just demented babbling, but I was upset. I decided to snap back at her. As I opened my mouth to insult her, nothing came out. This always happened when my emotions took over. I was really bad at coming up with insults on the spur of the moment.

As I stood trying to think of what nasty names to call her, the woman reached up and pointed her knobby finger at me.

"You're cursed," she said with a laugh. "We're all cursed here." In shock, instead of delivering a witty but biting insult, I backed away like a scared little girl. I didn't know what it was that led her to make that creepy judgment on me. Of course, my ratty oversized t-shirt had seen better days, but surely she didn't have to call me the son of morning.

"You know there are some who say that the devil fell from heaven because of his sympathy for humanity."

I spun around at the sound of that voice. For a crazy second, I had hoped it was my friends. Nope. It was a stranger. It was just a chubby woman who was putting finishing touches on packing up her luggage into her SUV. Even though that little lady didn't look like she would be much of a defense against a vampire horde, I breathed a sigh of relief to see another sane human on these deserted streets. "Maybe, we could use some help now, whether it comes from heaven or hell, Mrs. June."

"Mrs. June?" I asked and gestured to the crazy old crone holding the rifle."

"Yeah, she's lived here on this street forever," the woman with the SUV said. "She was an old religious bat before the Alzheimers got to her. Then again, maybe she's having a moment of clarity today."

"I don't know why anyone would give a gun to a woman who sees ghosts," I muttered.

"Don't worry, I'm sure she didn't remember to load the gun," the woman said with a laugh. "Then again, frankly, at this point, we're all seeing ghosts, aren't we?"

"Yeah," I replied with an unsettling laugh. I didn't like this woman who had come to my aid. It was hard to trust anyone driving a battered, dented old car with tinted windows. It looked like the kind of car one used to kidnap little children in bad cartoons. "You didn't see two teenagers driving by recently in a black Honda, did you?"

"Actually, I did. It was a young boy with brown hair and a pretty girl wearing an old blue sweater, right?"

"Yeah! Yup, that's them!" I said a little too eagerly. Maybe they hadn't abandoned me after all. If this woman saw them, perhaps they were still close by. "Did they just leave? Which direction did they go?"

"They went in the direction of the beach."

"Thanks!" I said and prepared to sprint in the direction of the boardwalk. The lady reached out and grabbed me by the arm.

"Wait a second; it was about an hour ago."

"Oh," I said as my face fell. If Holly and Jack had an hour head start, they could be anywhere by now.

"I can give you a ride," the woman offered. "I'm headed in that direction."

I bit my lip. I didn't trust her, but at this point, it was either go with the mysterious lady with the unmarked van or sit down next to Mrs. June and wait for nightfall. Maybe she could spare another one of her play-guns.

"If you want to catch up with them, we need to hurry," the woman said, reassuringly. I recalled what my mother used to tell me about getting into cars with strangers. At this point, it was either get into the black van with the missing license plate or sit here and wait for the vampires to come.



I decided to take that chance. My mother was always the cautious one. And now she's a member of the vampire horde, so a lot of good her advice would do me. As I got into the car with her and buckled my seat belt, I noticed a badge with a scorpion on it sitting in the cupholder. The woman saw me staring at it.

"I work for Qarinik," she explained and turned the badge around so that only the leather side faced me. "My name is Patrice Deritus. We're an organization like your friends, the Levanti. We're equal but opposite, you could say. Everyone who's still left in Miami at this point is either here because they're obligated to be. Either that or they are clinically insane like that old lady there."

"How did you know I was with the Levanti today?" I asked. Patrice smiled at me as she started up the car.

"I know who you are, and I know you have the KoRi cells in your heart. Don't worry; there are hundreds of you around the world who live with those cells in your bodies. It's not a big deal."

"And yet you know who I am," I said, carefully. I was starting to think we didn't meet by accident. "Do you recognize all of them when you bump into them on the street?"

"No, just you."

"Why?"

"Do you really want to know?"

"YES!"

"I guess it won't hurt to tell you. It won't make a wink of difference at this point. The plots of man are no match for the will of heaven, as we like to say. You've shown up on our radar because there's a powerful man who is very interested in you."

"Who?" I demanded. For a second, my heart skipped a beat. Could it be someone who knew my father? Could he be looking for me?

"It doesn't matter. The most powerful man on earth is no match for the might of angels. You've been seeing a boy in your dreams, haven't you?" She asked. "I was fiddling around with radio waves earlier trying to catch the news. It was by luck that I intercepted a call earlier today that said as much. Be careful of that boy that you see when you close your eyes. He doesn't have your best interests at heart."

"Why should I believe anything you say? People have dreams all the time. You could be bullshitting me."

"The boy in your dreams, his name is Jadueriel. Call him by that name the next time you see him. He'll answer to it. You'll see."

"So what if he does? What difference goes it make?"

"The difference is that he's the key to ending the Blight Rain. Talk to him, you'll see. "

I folded my arms over my chest and sighed. I wished it wasn't taking the woman forever to navigate this overloaded car around all the abandoned cardboard boxes and old furniture that littered the streets. My head hit the ceiling of the car as she went into a pothole. On the road, I saw a pair of boy's sneakers tied together at the laces which were sitting beside a deflated basketball. For some reason, those artifacts made me think of the boy from my dream. Although he had the body of a boy, his green eyes reminded me of an ancient being. He was definitely the very embodiment of the term "old soul."

I believed Patrice when she told me the boy in my dream was an angel from the beginning of the world who had come back with a grudge against humanity — against me .

me "What does he want with me?" I finally asked. "Why is he appearing in my dreams?"

"The key isn't why he wants you," Patrice said without taking her eyes off the road. "The question you should be asking is — how do you make him stop?"

"Okay, how do I make him stop?" I parroted, mimicking her nasal voice just to annoy her. It didn't work. I saw her pull a cigarette out from one of the cupholders and place it between her lips without lighting it.

"Do you mind if I smoke?" She asked. "You can crack open a window if it bothers you."

I shook my head, but I cracked open a window anyway. It was an old habit. After I had my surgery, the doctors said I should be extra careful with my health. Now, as I stared at this landscape of death down Martin Luther Blvd, I wondered why bother ?

why bother "Smoking is bad for you, you know," I finally muttered to remind her that I had asked a question that she had yet to answer.

"Is it? Patrice asked with a laugh. Her turkey chins bounced up and down as she did so. I didn't like her, but at least she looked like she had less a stick up her you-know-what than Dr. Lemeris did. "I wouldn't know. I'm not a doctor like your Levanti friends. I'm more interested in myths. Speaking of which — have you hear the myth of Nüwa?" Patrice asked.

"Yeah, she's a goddess," I muttered. Sitting back and staring into the distance, I remembered my mother showed me pictures of the goddess standing on a hill in her hometown of Handan City. She was made of white stone and had long, draping sleeves. I thought she was beautiful until I saw a picture of her with the body of a snake.

"It's rather lonely to be a goddess," Patrice said as she stopped the car by a streetlight. I wondered why she bothered since there were no other cars on the road. Then, I understood and rolled my eyes. At a time like this, Patrice had paused to light her cigarette. I couldn't believe she was leisurely smoking her cigarette when it was just a few hours until nightfall. "I can only imagine how lonely to be cursed with immortality. Isn't there that saying in Chinese about old as the earth, long as the sky? I guess she is one of the only people who truly understand how long forever is."

I scoffed. "That's an ironic thing to say at the end of the world. It must be nice to have too much time when the time for humanity is running out."

"True," Patrice said and nodded. She tapped her cigarette over her windshield and sighed. "That's why I like to smoke. It reminds me to enjoy the time I have because it's not about living the longest but about enjoying the life you have left to live. I suppose somewhere out there; there is a goddess who agrees with me."

"Is this supposed to make sense?" I asked, tapping my fingers on the door handle impatiently.

"Okay, if you want me to get to the point, I'll tell you. According to legend, Nüwa and her husband were responsible for the creation of all of humanity after a great flood. According to the story, they had a child, and that child was cut into tiny pieces to create all of humanity. There is another version of that story that says that she created humans out of the mud and the ones she created with the most care, were gifted with special powers. In another version of the story — and this one I like most of all — these humans were charged with guarding the soul of her husband in a cavern. That cavern was called Aemon, and her husband's soul was linked to an artifact called the blade of Nüwal. Whoever finds that weapon will serve as a vessel for that ancient god's soul."

"So you're saying the boy in my dreams, he was one of the special gifted ones. Somehow, he wandered into Aemon on a whim and how he's the vessel for the soul of a god?"

"Yes," Patrice said, "And Jadueriel is after the Levanti now. The Levanti is descended from an order of priests who worshipped the goddess of creation. It is only in modern times that they've started to call themselves 'scientists.' As for the goddess of creation — call her Orienne or Ishtar or Isis — these are all just names. What's important is that the rift between Orienne and Jadueriel is the source of these floods. He won't stop until he finds her. Some even say, the two of them never agreed on the fate of that child that was born between them. They say Jadueriel's been biding his time all these years. Now that he's found himself a human body and can leave that cavern he was imprisoned in — he's plotting to kill all of Orienne's children. He's coming for us all — starting with the Levanti."

"So, he's after me because of these cells?" I asked. "Because the Levanti implanted these cells in my heart."

"Yes," Patrice said. "But don't worry. I'm sure you won't go down without a fight."

"How can you be so sure?" I asked and snorted.

"Because, you've survived this long with those things inside you," Patrice said. "You've waged war your entire life against those invaders inside your body. Now, you just need to fight a war with an invader here on the outside. Piece of cake, right?"

I laughed at her ruefully. Yeah, it was going to be as easy as swallowing a piece of crumbly, salty mooncake to kill a god. That is — even if he was trapped inside a human vessel. I thought back to the boy I had met. If he was also the prisoner of a foreign being, maybe I could reason with him.





Chapter 17





Chapter 17

Chapter 17 DESPITE MY paranoia — Patrice wasn't lying. As we arrived at the boardwalk, I immediately saw my dad's old dented car parked by an overturned garbage bin. Patrice waved at me as she came to a stop by the curb. I saw her put on a pair of violet sunglasses from her purse and then a pair of driving gloves.

DESPITE MY "Sure, you want to go back to your friends?" Patrice asked. "With my clearance, I can make good time getting to the evacuation center."

Although that sounded tempting, I shook my head. I still didn't trust her. There was something about the way she smiled knowingly at me, as though she already knew the choice I would make that made me uneasy.

"Thanks for the talk and for driving me here. I'm okay from here."

Patrice chuckled at me, her lipstick-stained teeth gleaming yellow as she did so. The glimmer reminded me of the last precious rays of sunlight slowly fading as the afternoon wore on. "Don't forget what I told you. Everyone here in Miami now is working for someone. Don't trust anyone, not even your friends."

I rolled my eyes and climbed out of her car. I slammed the van's old door behind me, and she sputtered away from the curb.

"Ailith!" Jack yelled when he caught sight of me. He ran over and caught me in a fierce hug. Holly followed not far behind. She was holding a bloody baseball bat in one hand. I noticed it was stained with black blood. At least my friends weren't out bashing people in the head for their Cheetos yet.

"You guys came across some trouble while I was gone?" I asked with a forced smile as I studied the two of them. Holly had rolled up her sleeves and was swinging the bat around as though she knew how to use it. Her brown hair was in a messy bun, and her unmade-up face was finally the same tanned color as the rest of her body.

"No, we scavenged that baseball bat from a body down on Martin Luther Blvd," Jack explained proudly as though this were a video game, and they were busy leveling up while I was gone. "I got my hands on a knife!"

"I found the knife," Holly interjected. "You Columbused it from me."

"Oh, screw you," Jack said. "It's called sharing. We should get going. It's going to be getting dark in about five hours."

"Y-yeah," I said and rubbed my cold elbows. I wished I had more than just a t-shirt on because I was already starting to feel the nighttime chill. I got into the car. "Mind if I ride in back this time? I hit my head pretty hard."

"Are you okay?" Holly asked. "Those science jerks by the beach told us they were taking you to see their medical team. We've been waiting here for you since then. I was worried they had kidnapped you to run their experiments on you."

"Yeah, I'm fine."

Holly approached me with a determined look in her eye. I expected her to come to punch me for being so reckless during that whole incident with Grace in her vampire form. Instead, Holly wrapped her arms around me and gave me the tightest hug I have ever had. It was as though she was trying to squeeze all the life out of me.

I immediately felt my cheeks grow red as the hug wore on. It was then that I was finally ashamed of myself for thinking the worst when my dad's car went missing. I breathed in deeply as I heard Holly close. Despite it all, she still smelled beautifully of cherries and Victoria's Secret hand lotion. I never liked the smell of either of those things until now as I stared into the nape of Holly's neck, at the black ends of her dyed hair. I liked it there, in her embrace. I felt as though I was seeing a side of Holly Xu not many people ever got to see.



Those small feelings, small moments, small treasures were all we had as the deadly day wore on and on.

"We were so worried. Don't ever do that to us again, you hear?" Holly snapped at me like a scolding mother.

"Yeah," I said with a nod.

Jack cleared his throat. I wondered if he had any idea the two of us were an item. Maybe he thought this was just how girls acted. Isn't that what the textbooks said? Teenager girls are all a little bisexual?

I was pretty sure my feelings for Holly weren't just a manifestation of a rebellious need to experiment. This just felt right , like I had found the other half of my soul.

right "Go ahead and lie down in the back seat for as long as you need to," Holly said as she wiped the tears out of her eyes. "Don't worry, Jack and I will take care of things upfront. You rest."

As I opened the back door into the car, I saw they hadn't been sitting there and waiting idly the entire time. No, they have scavenged a bit more than just weapons off of the dead. No, the entire back seat was littered with Snickers, Slim Jim's, and Fig Newton's. It was a junk food paradise back there. Apparently, Jack and Holly had been gorging themselves with high-card, diabetes-inducing snacks as they waited for the world to end.

"Wow," I said. "You guys did some looting while I was gone. Did you guys sack a 7-11 or something?"

"It's the benefit of being some of the last people left in Miami, we get all the spoils of war," Jack said as he got into the driver's seat. He gave me a thumbs-up as he triumphantly clicked the safety belt on. "Let's get going before we turn into vampire junk food."

we ~*~

The three of us drove away from the boardwalk, but no sooner had we hit the backstreets when our car was approached during a red light. (Frankly, I didn't know why Jack even bothered to stop at a red light, but we were all exhausted from the day's events.) I guess at this point; we were all acting out of habit. At the red light, a group of angry men blocked our car and started banging on our windows with their fists. One of them spat on our windshield and stuck out his middle finger at us. I heard him call us "Yageron dogs."

"What do they want?" I asked.

"What else? To steal our car," Holly muttered. "Also, I think they think we work for Yageron because we're Asian."

"Hey, asshole!" Jack yelled and cracked open his window. "I have Lumins here for you, get closer."

As the man leaned in and jammed his stubby fingers into the cracks of the car window, Jack leaned close to the dirty man and spat a mouthful of chewed-up Oreos into his unshaven, mud-stained face. The man started screaming obscenities at us, but Jack and Holly both erupted in gut-wrenching laughter.

Then — to both mine and Holly's surprise — Jack floored the gas and plowed the car into the men blocking us. The jerks were shocked, too, and jumped out of the way. Looking into the back window, I saw them hobbling away while waving their fists at us. As much as I agreed they were jerks, I was starting to think Jack was crazy to go Rambo on them.

At least they weren't dead. Jack didn't give them a backward glance.

"They got what they deserve," Jack muttered through clenched teeth and wiped his mouth on his denim jacket sleeve.

"Well good for you, Jackie boy. It looks like you finally grew a pair," Holly said as she found a pack of Bubble Yum in her jean pocket. She offered me one before she popped one in her mouth.

Holly's snapping of the gum between her perky lips was the only sound that disturbed the silence as we left Miami behind us. The sky was already growing dim.

As the sun completely faded behind the horizon, Jack and Holly managed to polish off the remainder of the junk food. They piled the empty plastic wraps between them. Houses were burning everywhere; bodies were strewn on the sides of the roads. I supposed vampires killed the people as they were hitchhiking. Or worse yet, they were killed by other people for their cars.

Abandoned vehicles littered the road as well. The Blight Rain was hard on the car engines. My dad's car sputtered and creaked along; it was running down its last breaths as well, but it didn't give in.

As we made it down the I-195, the traffic started to pile up. There was no way we were going to make it to the evacuation site by nightfall. Eventually, the national guard blockaded the streets. An armored vehicle with a loudspeaker attached to it drove up and down the shoulder and told everyone to seek shelter before it got dark. They said a curfew was instated now after nightfall.

We had no choice but to exit the highway. Holly said we should try to find a back street to bypass the police blockade, but Jack disagreed. Unfortunately, his opinion had the most weight because he was driving.

As Jack drove us away from the highway, he pointed out that we needed to get gas first, and the last thing we needed was to get lost in suburbia in pitch darkness.

Yeah, gas, I almost forgot about that. There were broken down cars all along the street which had been destroyed in the Blight Rain. I wondered if we could make a siphon out of all the plastic wrappings we had to steal some gas. In the darkness, that was probably not the wisest experiment to try. I started to lament my lack of survival skills. If only my parents had signed me up for the girl scouts.

Yeah, gas, Jack drove us to the gas station. Naturally, there was no one there, and all the pumps were off. Jack cursed under his breath and slammed the steering wheel with both hands.

"No shit, Sherlock. Of course, it's closed," Holly mumbled with her arms firmly crossed over her chest. "What do you think we were going to find here? Vampire gas station workers? We can just tip them by giving them a little nibble?"

"Shut up!" Jack snapped, finally wholly losing his cool. He was turning red now as he realized the gas was more precious in this Brave New World we were inhabiting than gold. "Do you have any bright ideas? Or are you just here to take up space and complain?"

"Okay, cool it guys," I said and pointed at the nearby convenience store. "If we can break in there, we can take some canisters of gas. Let's find some rocks to throw through the windows."

"Yeah, bright idea, Sleeping Beauty. The noise will attract every vampire in a five-mile radius," Jack retorted.

"We need to find shelter for the night," Holly finally stated. She twirled a strand of her caramel-colored hair as she glanced between the dessert gas station and the nearby strip mall, thinking deeply. "If we don't find someplace to hide soon, we'll be dead meat."

"I have an idea," Jack said and drove us straight through a fence. We ended up in the empty parking lot of a looted Walmart. "Are you guys thinking what I'm thinking?"

"No, we're not going to have a threesome with you, Fayer."

"You might when we hear my bright idea! We can hole up inside the Walmart. It's pre-broken into! We can barricade ourselves in here for the night."





Chapter 18





Chapter 18

Chapter 18 " ANYONE IN the mood for partially defrosted pizza?" Jack asked after we were done barricading the front doors with lawn furniture.

ANYONE IN We weren't the only ones who had the bright idea of taking refuge in an abandoned Walmart. There was a family of four here, pitching a tent in the cereal aisle. There was another young couple who had been stranded down here on their honeymoon. They had claimed the far back corner, by the bedding and rug aisle.

The young couple was far more social than the family. I supposed when you have two young kids in tow during the vampire apocalypse; you would probably be too stressed to socialize. The guy was called Michael, and the girl was Jessica. They joined us with some candles from the stationary aisle to barter for some juice from our aisle. We didn't have much. This entire place had been looted clean during the day. The thing about looters was, they weren't exactly detail-orientated.

We found plenty of useful things left behind. Holly armed herself with a pointed fireplace poker, and I found some stray bananas in the produce department.

Jack set out some rugs on the floor and a lone precious flashlight. I laid down and shoved the remains of a banana in my mouth while Jack tried to convince us all to nibble on his gross, long-since-defrosted pizza.

"So y'all from around here?" Michael asked us. He had a mild accent. I guessed he was from one of the Carolinas.

"Holly works at a high-end mall in Miami," I told him. "I'm, I was , going to school in Windflower Springs."

was "Your family get out in time?" Michael asked. "We don't know anythin' about what's going on back home. Can't wait to get to the evacuation site tomorrow."

"Honey-bee," the girl purred and tucked her bare feet under herself as though she was embarrassed to have abandoned her cork wedges. "We promised not to think of the worst. No sense in letting our imaginations run wild."

"Yes, Jessica always sees the bright side of things," Michael said with a laugh. He offered me a pretzel from his bag of Snyder's Honey Mustard and Onion pretzels. I guessed the looters left that behind because no one likes honey mustard. I shook my head because I felt guilty about sitting there, stuffing my face with snacks as Holly and Jack were pacing about looking for more weapons. "She hasn't strangled me yet for booking the Gansevoort in Miami for our honeymoon. I'm sure this isn't happening in Hawaii."

"I've never been outside of Windflower," I lamented. "I would have liked to see the world before I died."

"If we ever get out of this alive, you have to come to visit us in Charleston," Michael offered. "That's if the army gets this entire weather situation under control. Our buttermilk biscuits alone are worth the trip and our peaches — they're just heaven on your tongue."

"The world is a pile of shit," Holly said as she plopped down on the rug beside me. "I sold jewelry to rich women for years; they were all vain, empty-headed, thots, who traveled to every corner of the earth. What did they learn from doing all that? To save the world by collecting more toy dogs?"

I brought my knees up to my chest and chuckled. Holly always knew how to make me laugh with her crude sense of humor. Sitting there, around our candles and our lone flashlight, it was easy to imagine we were around a campfire.

"When I was six, I had to go back to the hospital for another heart surgery. I had craziest dreams when they put me under. I think I traveled all around the world — in my head."

"Sounds trippy," Michael offered, politely and yawned. He and Jessica exchanged glances that they were considering an Irish exit. Was it that obvious that Holly and I wanted an intimate moment alone? Oh, wait, Holly had just placed her hand on my knee. I supposed it didn't take a genius to figure out we were a little more than friends.

"I remember dreaming of this beautiful garden full of blooming Chrysanthemums," I said as my eyes drifted to the plastic flowers that had fallen out of a smashed vase down aisle twelve. I'll never forget. I'll come back, I promise. I thought back to my words from that dream. I'll come back for the memories I buried here.

I'll never forget. I'll come back, I promise. I'll come back for the memories I buried here. I remember because after I woke up from my surgery, I drew endless pictures of wilted Chrysanthemums. They had to have me evaluated by the hospital psychiatrist who diagnosed me with a spectrum disorder because I refused to talk to anyone. I just wanted to draw thousands and thousands of round Chrysanthemums with spiraling petals. I filled every inch of every piece of paper in my room with those drawings.

"Sounds like a very romantic dream," Jessica offered while Holly took back her hand and scoffed.

"Who were you meeting in the flower garden?" Holly asked teasingly. "Was it a boy?"

What was that I sensed in her voice? Jealousy?

Jealousy? I smirked at that. Wow, I couldn't believe I made Ms. Invincible Holly Xu feel insecure.

"Maybe," I replied. "My mom said maybe I was haunted by a You Hun Ye Gui , or a wandering soul. She even went to the temple to burn incense to rid me of my ghosts."

You Hun Ye Gui "Creepy," Holly said. "Hopefully, that means you're ready to bust out some moves when we're attacked by these Jiangshi that are waiting for us outside."

Jiangshi Despite the seriousness of the situation, I chuckled at Holly's joke. Jiangshi were demons that hopped everywhere like rabbits. From what I remembered from the Chinese my mom used to watch, they feed on the Qi of the living. They were usually dressed in period costumes and were not very intelligent. The only way to defeat one of them was to stick a piece of paper on their foreheads with something written in chicken blood.

Jiangshi I didn't think we had anything like that at Walmart.

"I don't think it was a romantic dream," I said. "It was a sad one. Like I broke a promise to someone very important to me. But when I think back — there's also a side of me that doesn't want to remember — if that makes any sense."

"You must want to remember if you drew thousands of mums," Holly offered.

"After I stopped drawing the Chrysanthemum, I started drawing clouds," I said as the candle flickered out. "At least my parents were glad the flowers were gone. That's my dad's nickname for me —little 云, his cloud weaver."

"I like that better."

"What Jack said the other night creeped me out. I always wondered if I foresaw the Blight Rain with my cloud obsession. I don't like it," I muttered. "I'm starting to see Chrysanthemums everywhere I go again."

"It's nothing chica," Holly said with a yawn. By then, Michael and Jessica had long picked up their candles and gone back to their aisle. "You know what you need?"

"No."

"You need a kiss."

"How will that help anything?"

"That's the cure. Kiss and forget about all the things you can't remember."





Chapter 19


Chapter 19

I KNEW HOLLY kissed me only because she was tired of hearing me blabber on and on about my sad childhood. At the same time, I was really happy she did. It was nice to reminded that even in a time like this, there were simple solutions to complicated problems. A kiss, a simple meeting of two lips, could chase the ghosts away.

I KNEW HOLLY Never did I imagine one of the happiest moments of my life would involve lying on the floor of a Walmart with Holly's arms around me. Her caramel hair, laced with strands of canary yellow mingled with mine until I could hardly tell where she ended, and I began. Her hair seemed to bring color into my bleak world, to remind me of a time when the world was a place of parties and sunshine.

"I have a secret to tell you," Holly said. "It might take your mind off all this dark and depressing crap. Want to hear it?"

I nodded. Why not? Back in high school, it was all about gossiping about the quarterback and his chain-smoking cheerleader squad girlfriend. Now that we had graduated, it was about some billionaire's worthless spoiled children. The popular kids still ruled the world. Some things never change.

"Once Charles Leung's daughter, Angela, came to our store in Bal Harbour to replace some diamond earrings. She lost one skinny dipping in the ocean the day before. She came up to me because I guess she assumed because I look Chinese, I might speak a little mandarin."

"And you sold her the biggest, most disgusting diamond you had, right? One of those rocks that have a name?"

"Yeah, something like that," Holly said. "She just wanted some steel studs. Weird right? The chick whose daddy owns all of Yageron just wants some butch studs."

"Did she hit on you?"

"Nah, I wasn't her type. She never even looked at me twice. Those people, they float around in their own worlds. They never see people like us. We're just ants to them."

"Were you able to at least speak her to in Mandarin?"

"Girls with hair color like mine can't be expected to speak perfect mandarin," Holly said with a chuckle. "Then again, to be honest, if that's not bad enough, I've been made fun of for my English. The people in China they all learn to speak English by listening to tapes made in Britain or something."

"Figures."

"Yeah, I know. They're going around correcting my pronunciation because I don't have an English accent like they do. They always tell me I turn my Rs into As sometimes, like a native Brooklyner. They're not wrong, ya know. My first boyfriend was a transplant from Brooklyn. Was sent here to swampy Florida live with his grandparents after getting caught smoking weed."

my "Is that when you realized you wanted to experiment with girls?"

"I get bored fast," Holly said. "Men are so simple. They just want to follow their ding-dongs everywhere. Women are more complicated. We give more of ourselves to our relationships. We love deeper, get hurt more. You won't hurt me, will you, Ailith?"

I shook my head. "Are you still talking about my dream? Ew, because there were no boys in it. I don't like boys. Until you kissed me, I was completely asexual. It was just school-home-study for me. The only people I hung out with were my family."

"I know, you're really sweet to your family," Holly said as she nuzzled my neck. "That's what I love about you. You would fight tooth and nail through all eighteen levels of hell for them."

Yeah, right, I thought to myself. I had no family left.

Yeah, right, I had no family left. Holly lifted my chin and started to kiss me. Despite her gruff and bad-ass exterior, she was surprisingly shy and gentle in bed. I slid my finger between her legs and stroked her across the seams of her jeans. She stifled a moan as I applied more pressure to the spot just below where her zipper ended.



There was a certain self-satisfaction in knowing that as another girl, I knew exactly how to make her body answer the way I wanted it to. I knew my way around her most aching areas better than any loud-mouthed, penis wielding man.

Momentarily, as she gasped in pleasure — her hot, sweet breath enveloping my face, I wondered what my parents would think if they could see me now. Then, as I thought about the world burning to the ground around us, I didn't care.

I didn't want to waste my last minutes with some stupid boy who probably just saw me as a jabbering fleshlight. I wasn't some boy's conquest. I was the conqueror.

As I kissed Holly's warm, lush lips, I finally felt whole. Only another girl could love me for the real me, the aggressive, dominant, secret self that I hid deep inside.

"Even if we die tomorrow," I whispered to Holly as we laid there half-dressed with our limbs intertwined around each other. "I promise we'll spend the next three lifetimes together."

Holly laughed softly.

"Really? You believe that?"

"It seemed like the right thing to say considering how things are..."

"Maybe, Ailith, in our next lifetime we'll be a pair of dandy Fuerdai in Singapore who wear haute couture and travel around the world in our yacht with custom Hermes couch cushions."

Fuerdai I chuckled. "Yeah, right. I don't want to be a guy. I can't even imagine it."

"My parents always say that I need to act more feminine to set an example for Jimmy for how a girl should act," Holly reflected as she laid her head down on the sheepskin rug beside me. "I can't imagine how screwed up he must be if he models normal female behavior on me. I don't know where I get it from. My mom is such a doormat. She just cooks and cleans and says, 'yes, sir' to my dad. Growing up, I hated her for it. Maybe that's why I hate men. In fifth grade, I dreamed of growing up to become a divorce lawyer."

"Maybe," I said. "My mom is nothing like that because my dad isn't even around much. I don't know why I'm the way I am. I can't imagine having a little brother. God knows I'll probably mess him up by making him cross-dress or something."

"Well, men are the ones who screwed up this planet of ours. Do you think if a woman were in charge, we would be caught in the middle of this Blight Rain? No, women are nice and good to nature. We think about our children first."

"Yeah," I agreed and laughed sadly. "I can't have children."

"Why? You don't want them?"

"No, the drugs they gave me screwed up my insides. The doctors say I probably should avoid doing that."

"Children are overrated anyway," Holly said and punched me in the arm. "They're annoying little suckers who leech the nutrients from your body during pregnancy and then leech the money from your bank account for the next eighteen years. Who wants them?"

"Yeah," I agreed and nodded in relief. "I hate them too. Can I say that without being called heartless?"

"Children are beyond useless during a vampire apocalypse except if you throw them at the vampire to get away," Holly assured me. "Stop second-guessing yourself. You're perfect the way you are, Ailith."

She laid down on her back, and we both stared up at the ceiling with the stained tiles. The moldy holes that dotted the white plaster almost resembled stars in my imagination. Or mums. Sometimes, when I squeezed my eyes shut and pressed the back of my arms against my eye sockets, I felt like I could see visions appear before my eyes. They were ghosts, wisps of flowing sleeves, little glimpses of faces that I couldn't make sense of. It was another one of those crazy thoughts I couldn't tell my parents about, or they would send me to see the head-doctors again.

"Speaking of children," Holly continued in a weary voice. "I wonder what that chick Angela Leung is doing now that her old man is dead. Those rich kids, they can't find their ass with both hands without their parents."

"It must be hard knowing your dad killed himself because of what his greed did to the world."

"I heard a rumor it wasn't suicide," Holly whispered. "Jack and I chatted with some of the national guards on duty in Miami. They said he was murdered."

"Really?" I asked and cracked open an eye. "Who?"

"No one knows. They say it was telekinesis or something. Scary, isn't it? Someone is coming after the fat-cats who make the medicines to treat the Blight Rain. Maybe they never should have messed with nature."

"Maybe," I muttered. "Maybe it's just karma."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 20


Chapter 20

AROUND 1:00 AM, I heard the sound of glass shattering. The worst-case scenario, the one we were all fearing — had happened. The front doors had been breached. Somewhere outside, there was the sound of distant sirens, but they were too far away. They weren't heading towards us. Even if they were, they would never get here on time.

AROUND 1:00 AM, I sat up in my sleeping bag and took some deep breathes. I winced as I heard the sound of boxes being thrown off shelves. A packet of beads or candy slammed into the floor, and I heard all the pellets bouncing off the tile floor. There was no denying it — we weren't alone in Walmart anymore. I prayed that that intruder was human. A human could be reasoned with, could be communicated with.

communicated But, even that small sliver of hope was dashed. There was the thunderous sound of metal shelves being knocked over and then an inhuman snarling.

"T-they're here," Jack stuttered. Even in the darkness, I could see him bringing his finger to his lips. The gesture was futile. At this point in our adventure into Dystopian Vampire World, we all knew we had to stay silent. "They can smell us, but if we're very quiet, maybe they'll go after one of the others first."

"Stop," I hissed back as quietly as I could despite my immense revulsion at his suggestion. "We're not going to offer them the family on aisle four."

"Those folks should have known four is not a lucky number," Holly muttered sleepily.

"What she said," Jack as he crept along the ground tapping the floor, looking for something. Momentarily, he appeared beside us, crouching like a leopard about to pounce. I saw the laughable reason for his newfound confidence. He now sported a baseball bat in one hand. I doubted that Jack Fayer had played a day of baseball in his life. He would probably trip over that thing and break his neck if a vampire came after him.

"Stop it; I know what you're thinking," Holly whispered to me. "We are not going to go save them. Stop acting like you're some bleeding-heart asshole."

"Actually," I said as a pair of yellow, glowing eyes appeared in the distance and lumbered toward us. "I'm not. Maybe we should hope they'll come to save us."

save I reached for my flashlight as Holly sneaked her poker from under her polyester fleece blanket.

A dream or a memory flashed through my mind as I stared at the clumsy, skeletal, alien-like creature that approached us: I saw the flower gardens again and then another pair of glowing eyes, small diminutive ones. A sense of déjà vu washed over me, and all the hair on the back of my neck seemed to stand up at once. A cold sweat broke out along my spine.

No. I didn't want to remember — not that memory, not that place.

that Then as quickly as it came on, it was gone. I was back in Walmart armed only with a flashlight - not even one of those heavy metal ones you see in army movies. It was just a cheap plastic one, in a firetruck red, like it belonged in a first-grade science fair.

The vampire was coming closer. It stumbled along, its misshapen, decayed lips unleashing soft guttural moans. Its skeletal fingers poked every box on the shelves as though it longed for a time when it could still eat boxes of uncooked pasta. Yet despite the vampire's nasty, mangled form, it was its eyes that haunted me. They glowed softly, unnaturally — like a startled cat.

I don't want to go outside. The sunlight. It burns.

I don't want to go outside. The sunlight. It burns. Only for a little while, my heart. Come with me to the lake today.

Only for a little while, my heart. Come with me to the lake today. Who was it? Who was it that I said those words to? Was it Grace? Were these my memories or a prophecy of things to come?

No.

No. It was someone else. I couldn't remember. It was just a dream, one I had back when my heart nearly stopped beating. Who could tell what the dreams we have on the verge of death meant?

There wasn't time to delve deeper into my thoughts. The monster was coming closer. There was no hope now that it might wander back the way it came, and maybe to the family on aisle four. It was close enough to smell us now. Despite Jack's instructions for us to stay quiet, my rapid panicked breathing was starting to sound overwhelming loud. I didn't know how the vampire could have ignored it. Perhaps, it already had long since heard our fearful whispers, and it was just stalling to play with us.

It was within an arm's length of our sleeping bags now. Its limbs moved choppily. Its bare feet were slopping wet. Maybe it was my imagination, but I could swear I heard droplets of water hit the tiles as it walked. I could sense its unbeating heart as it took another step toward me. There was something deep and instinctive about the fear this monster inspired in me. Every pore in my body, every single hair standing up in the back of my neck were all screaming one message to my animal brain.

Not human.

Not human. Run.

Run. It was everything I could do not to scream. What use was there to delay the inevitable? It could smell our flesh, hear the beating of our human hearts, and practically taste the rush of red blood in our veins. The vampire hungered — like Grace back in South Beach. It knew only the growling in its stomach, the coldness in its bones.

hungered — As it started to sniff at our sleeping bags, its nose just inches from my trembling toes — I saw both of my friends readying their weapons. The creature chose me. It reached for me. I felt its wet fingers fumbling around on my legs. I didn't know why I did what I did then. Yet, perhaps it was an act of desperation, but I flicked the flashlight on. Then I pointed it at the vampire's face.

Briefly, I saw a glimpse of the monster's shrunken cheeks, at the holes in its skin where black goo had started to leak out. The flesh on its face looked as though it was melting off its bones. Despite the horror with which I stared into its face, the vampire was more horrified by me.

It shrieked. Its skeletal hands reached out to block the light from my little plastic flashlight.

I couldn't believe my luck!

The monster thought the flashlight was sunlight.

It wouldn't stay fooled for long. Jack and Holly saw their chance. They jumped into action, beating and plummeting the vampire into a pile of broken bones and thick, bloody goo on the ground. Wet, black, undead fluid covered the blankets we were sleeping in.

I jumped up and backed away. The instinct in me to run finally took over. I escaped from the battlefield and into the safety of a pile of empty cardboard boxes.

Glancing back, I saw Jack standing triumphantly over the body of the vampire with his baseball bat over his shoulder. As Jack met my eyes and smiled at me, the vampire's detached arm jerked and sent him skidding across the litter-strewn floor. Jack slammed into the empty shelves next to me, barely missing banging his head into the metal.

Jack was lucky there was a pile of cardboard boxes with leftover toilet paper sitting next to the aisle. He scrambled to his feet and screamed at Holly to keep hitting the vampire; it was dead.

Holly didn't need to be told what to do. She had gone into beast-mode, pulverizing the vampire into mincemeat with her poker. It didn't matter one bit to her that the vampire was in a million little pieces now. She kept hitting it with her poker as though she had to destroy every fiber, every cell of its being.

"Wow, she has a lot of anger in her," I mumbled.

A wail came from across the room. It sounded like a child. I looked around for a weapon, but all I could find was Jack's cell phone that had fallen out of his pocket during his fall. It would have to do. As a last resort, I could shine the cellphone flashlight at the vampire.

I shoved the cellphone into my jean pocket and ran in the direction of the child's scream.

"Where are you going, Ailith?" Jack yelled, blocking my path. "We need to barricade the front door!"

"No," Holly screamed and threw the bent poker aside. "Both of you — stay away from the front door."

away "Are you out of your mind?" Jack asked and stormed over to her. "And let them just come in and eat us?"

"Shut up and listen," Holly hissed and pointed at the ceiling with one blood-smeared finger. Sure enough, I heard the tapping of droplets against the roof. "Stay inside guys, because it's raining again."





Chapter 21


Chapter 21

HOLLY AND JACK bickered back and forth about whether we should try to barricade down the frozen foods aisle. I quietly sneaked away as they busied themselves, stacking up cardboard boxes to block the vampire's line of vision to our lair.

HOLLY AND JACK Armed with only a cell phone, I crept toward the origin of the scream.

A cold breeze came raging through the back of the Walmart. Shelves were knocked over. A crushed box of Cheerios was scattered across the floor. A door was swinging aimlessly in the wind and banging against the wall. I raised my hands to my face to shield myself from the wind.

Droplets of water pelted my skin. No. It must be my imagination. The rain couldn't be falling in here. After I rounded a corner, the wind subdued a little. I took in the gruesome mess in the hallway leading to the cargo bay area.

The vampires had come through this way. I could tell by the smears of blood on the wall. There were handprints of red on the plaster. The teenaged girl, who had been with the family in aisle four, had met her end here. Her body was still warm. She didn't die long ago.

Half of her face had been eaten, and her right leg was ripped clean off her body. Her open eyes with the eyelids ripped away, and her missing lower jaw made her look perpetually surprised. Touching the remains of her neck, I felt no pulse.

It was as though the dead girl was trying to tell me she didn't expect to die that day. No, she probably woke up that morning, brushed her hair, put on that green sundress, painted her toenails, and thought she would meet a boy today. Now, the leg with the matching toenails laid across the room with several hunks of meat gnawed off it.

I stared at her limp, rag-doll body, unable to tear my eyes away. She had once been so pretty, so healthy, so unlike me.

Her wide, lifeless brown eyes told me she didn't expect to be fatally kissed by a vampire today. Well, I didn't expect to still be alive at this point. I stepped over her corpse as I headed to the loading zone cargo area. Carefully making my way around the pool of blood around her body, I continued down the hallway.

In the cargo bay, I found two remaining humans — the toddler boy, and his father. The crying boy was cowering in a corner. His father was defending him with a pistol in one hand and a blowtorch in the other. I walked up to the rusty railing overlooking the cargo bay. I couldn't explain it, but I was suddenly very aware of my heartbeats.

It's strange how as you face death, suddenly you become very cognizant of being alive. My body wanted to run, to leave these poor people behind. Yet, I stood there, staring — no — gawking , uselessly.

gawking "Run, Roger!" The father yelled. In one sudden motion, he grabbed the boy in one arm and shoved him overhead onto the walkway beside me.

The father emptied a couple of bullets into the nearest vampire. When the pistol clicked and failed to fire, he threw aside the gun and picked up a nearby piece of scrap wood. I watched him beat the vampires back toward the open door. I ran across the walkway and grabbed the boy. As I backed away towards the door back into the store, I saw a vampire bite down on the father's neck.

~*~

I scrambled back into the store, clutching the wailing toddler boy in my arms. His unrelenting screams attracted the attention of every undead creature within miles.

"Shhh, shhh," I said as I smoothed back his dark, tangled hair. I even tried bouncing him up and down to calm him down. Although he was just a little boy, he still weighed a good thirty pounds or so. The effort took a lot out of me, and I felt my chest tightening up again.



I sat down on one of the plastic crates piled against the wall. The boy's sobs were dying down. He was tiring and it was just as well. We both needed a moment of silence to rest. But we wouldn't have anything like that tonight. I heard footsteps approaching. I closed my eyes and prayed that it wasn't more vampires.

"Ailith? Ailith! Where did you run off to?" I let out a sigh of relief as I heard Holly's high pitched voice. The expression on her face said she was about to give me a piece of her mind. In a hurry, Holly approached me and I saw that Jack not far behind her. They lingered an arm's length away. Momentarily, they exchanged glances as they uncomfortably evaluated my eyes to see if I were still human.

"I-I had to go save him," I explained and gestured to the sniffling toddler in my arms. "They killed his father."

"Are you crazy?" Holly demanded and seized me by my upper arm. "And you're wet!"

"It's just water," I said. "The cargo bay wasn't rained on."

"Hey guys, can we fight elsewhere?" Jack interjected. "We're not alone here."

The lights in the hallway flickered, and we all reflexively ducked. The hairs on the back of my neck were standing up now. A vision of the toddler's father with the arteries and veins hanging out from his half severed neck floated back into my memory.

"There's a refrigerated room with a lock in the basement," Jack said and pointed to the nearest stairwell. "I think we can lock ourselves in there until they're done feeding."

"You know an awful lot," Holly observed. "Have you worked at a Walmart before?"

"Actually, I just googled the floor plans for this building. My phone was working just for a second there while you two were sleeping. We need to hurry; there's no time to argue."

We all jumped as a stack of crates were knocked off. It wasn't a vampire. It was a woman. She was one of the family members who had been in aisle four. It was the boy's mother.

"Roggie?" A middle-aged woman who was bleeding with a wound in her side asked. Her sundress was torn and her hair was a mess over her face. She didn't seem to notice the blood dripping down the side of her leg as she stumbled into the hallway. I saw an enraged glare on her narrow, bird-like face as she saw me holding her son. "What are you doing with my son, Roger?"

"S-sorry!" I stuttered and dropped the squirming boy to the ground. I held onto his small hand, though. I had to make sure the woman was still human. I took a step closer toward the wounded woman. In the back, I heard Holly sniff angrily at me from under her breath that I wasn't throwing the annoying child away with both hands. "Are you okay, miss? Do you want to come with us?"

"Where's my husband ?" The woman asked, glaring at me as I continued to hold onto her son's hand. As she came closer, into the flickering light of the hallway, I saw the blood staining her dress still ran red. She wasn't one of the undead.

husband "Your husband's d-dead," I whispered. "The vampires got him and your daughter."

"DEAD?" She hollered and reached out for her son's arm but her balance was off. She had to reach out to brace herself against the wall. "I don't believe you. Jason was a quarterback . . . on the football team! He isn't DEAD; I don't believe a word coming out of your mouth! The vampires couldn't have taken him, they couldn't! And my daughter, she's a sprinter. There's no way they were taken!" The woman started shaking her head and leaned against the wall as though her knees were weak from grief.

Denial. I knew it well. I felt it too with my mother and with Grace. There was something else, too, a sense of déjà vu as though I had been through this before. Then it came, a memory of the smell of roses, a small cold hand in mine.

Another fatherless boy.

Slowly, I let the boy's hand go. I couldn't explain it. I sensed the danger before any of the rest of them did. It was a story that had been told before, and it was happening again before my very eyes. I lied to Holly. The wetness down the boy's shirt, it wasn't water. I felt the sticky slickness between my fingers, where I had held onto his soaked clothes.

again The boy was wet because he was caught in the rain.

The mother leaned over and dropped to her knees before her son. Sobbing, she wrapped her arms around him and pressed his face against her neck. It was a fine motherly thing to do. It was reflexive. Natural. I would have done the same if I had a son.

Natural. "Sto—" I started, but it was too late. The boy almost seemed to grin as he caught the scent of blood flowing down his mother's leg. The boy sank his teeth into his mother's neck and ripped out a giant hunk of her soft flesh. She backed away, her mouth gaping open. Her hand went to her bleeding neck, but it was too late. The boy vampire crawled toward and sank his teeth into the bloody wound in her side. As he ripped out her guts and spilled her insides across the filthy floor, Jack and Holly grabbed my arms and dragged me into the stairwell.

"Get a hold of yourself!" Holly snapped. "We need to save ourselves!"

Finally, I saw the wisdom of her selfish need to save herself. We all needed to be more like Holly if we were going to live to see morning.

As we hurried (as best we could) down into the pitch blackness of the basement, Jack found the handle of a large metal door. He opened it and herded us inside. It was still cold inside the walk-in refrigerator but only mildly so. Maybe it had shut off during a recent power outage and failed to turn back on again.

Jack securely closed the door behind us. Holly switched on a flashlight she had tucked into her jeans. As Holly and Jack went to figure out how to lock the door from the inside, I reached into my pocket and drew out Jack's cellphone. Although the phone was passcode protected, I could see the last three messages he received.

Unknown sender:

Help is coming. Get into the basement.

Help is coming. Get into the basement. Protect Ailith Ying.

Protect Ailith Ying. Your life depends on it.

Your life depends on it. I didn't understand. Not only was Jack's phone working, but he was also receiving orders from someone? Who? Why were they interested in me? I couldn't make any sense of it at all. So much so — that I didn't even notice the light the cellphone was shining on my face.

Jack did.

"Gimme that back!" Jack yelled and roughly snatched the phone back from me. His face was absolutely livid as he buried the phone deep into his jean pocket. "Geesh, what the hell? Can't you help us and do something useful instead of snooping?"





Chapter 22


Chapter 22

THE NEXT MORNING , we emerged from the refrigerator in the basement to find the Walmart covered in blood and dead bodies. Corpses were lying all around like the aftermath of a battlefield. In death, the vampire and human parts seemed oddly intertwined. Ashes to ashes, we were all just cells and molecules in the end.

THE NEXT MORNING The honeymooning couple's torsos were lying down aisle six while a pile of their limbs was in aisle seven. They weren't the only ones. There were other bodies of strangers that I didn't recognize along the front entranceway of the store. One of the automatic doors was repeatedly opening and closing on one decapitated man's body. There were several abandoned cars with their doors still open along the front of the Walmart. These strangers must have parked outside and run into Walmart to take shelter from the storm.

I wonder if they also brought the vampires with them. Maybe it was their own family members who had been caught in the rain which took them down. It was a horrifying thought. They didn't all make it into the Walmart in one piece. Some of them got wet. And that was the cause of our attack last night.

The waters from the rain last night were still evaporating in the morning sun as we emerged from Walmart.

"The sunlight won't keep them away for long. As their bodies merge with the Black Waters, they'll eventually get stronger and more resistant to sunlight," Jack stated. "We need to hurry."

"At least we have our choice of abandoned cars now," Holly replied as she eyed the minivan the honeymooners had been driving.

"You want to go back in there and look for their keys in that pile of bodies?" I asked. "Let's just get back in my dad's car. I don't like taking things from the dead. It's bad luck."

"Yeah," Holly said in agreement. "It's bad karma."

Jack shook his head and handed me the half-eaten Twinkie that he stole from a display stand. I couldn't believe he still had an appetite after the carnage we witnessed. And that was just from just walking out of the Walmart. Who knew what else laid in store for us that day? "We don't have any gas, remember? I doubt we're going to find anything in that looted Walmart. Let's go find the keys to that minivan."

Grudgingly we went back into Walmart and searched through the pile of bodies. I found the lower half of Michael's torso stuffed into the shelf between some toilet paper rolls and some boxes of spaghetti.

I rummaged through his pant pocket. His skin was so cold, and his body was stiff to the touch. I found the keys at the bottom of his pocket, along with an asthma inhaler and a half-empty packet of gum.

"I got it," I emotionlessly announced to my friends who were busy searching through the couple's makeshift tent and duffle bags. As Holly came to take the keys from me, I felt my eyes growing hot with tears. I hadn't cried the night before. I was too scared, too caught up with the struggle to survive. But at that moment, everything — Grace, the honeymooners, the little boy who killed his mother, came back to me. The sorrow hit me like a tidal wave.

"It's okay," Holly said and wrapped her arms around me. She wasn't wearing her matte blue sweater anymore. It was too dirty and stained with vampire blood. She had taken it off and tied it around her waist. Now she was dressed in jeans and a white camisole. I felt the softness of her breasts through the silky material as she pressed herself against me.

She looked angelic, virginal like she was some saint who had come to me in my moment of need. I wiped my tears away and nodded obediently at her.

"I'm sorry, I just lost control right there."

Holly leaned in close and brushed her lips against mine. Although neither of us had brushed our teeth that morning, I was enchanted by the intimacy of that gesture.



"Let's go, okay?"

I nodded and allowed her to lead me away, hand in hand.

Without saying a word as we walked out of the fateful Walmart, we boarded the minivan and pulled out of the parking lot.

The three of us continued along the highway to the elusive evacuation site. The highway was littered with abandoned cars that had malfunctioned during the rain last night. I didn't know how this old van was still sputtering along.

I had a feeling it wouldn't carry us much further. I guessed that since I found the keys, Holly and Jack gave me the backseat to myself.

The evacuation signs took us in the direction of Miami International Airport, but as we came to the entrance, there was heavy traffic and then a blockade. We spent most of the day in traffic. It was late afternoon by the time we actually got to talk to another human being in uniform.

"The fights were grounded about an hour ago due to a satellite malfunction," the officers at the gate told us. "A camp has been set up at the golf course for refugees. You'll be safe there until morning."

Jack sighed and got out of the car. I saw him approach one of the officers and show him his badge again. I narrowed my eyes as I watched the officer nod repeatedly at what Jack was telling him.

"I'm starting to think Jack isn't who he says he is," I said to Holly. She didn't look especially concerned. I bet that she just wanted to get the heck out of Miami before the sun went down. Who could blame her?

The officer waved at us.

"Okay, we're good to go," Jack said, getting back into the driver's seat. He directed our car away from the mob outside. The officers opened the gates for us.

"We have kids in here!" A voice screamed from an SUV behind us. "Let us through too!"

"How come they get to go in?" Another man who was getting out of his car and approaching the officers yelled. "Are their lives worth more than ours?"

A chorus of yelling came from behind him. With their cries of desperation, I felt my heart start to beat wildly again. A thunderous crack erupted behind me. I ducked instinctively. Looking up, I saw a whirl of broken glass. That was all that remained of our rear window. A man had thrown a rock — a literal rock — into the back of our car. He had a good throwing arm and excellent aim. Maybe he was a pitcher in another life. I saw several of the bystanders getting out of their cars to pick up rocks.

So this is what humanity had come to. It was man against man now. I stared back at the people uniting against us, and the officers at the gate. They showed no signs of remorse or sympathy for us. I saw only fury and cold determination.

The rioters were possessed by their own rage that they would have to brave the night with their children and spouses with the vampires here in Miami. There was no room left for compassion or mercy.

"Stand down!" The officers yelled, readying their assault weapons. "Or we'll fire!"

"Don't shoot!" I screamed and covered my ears as the shots fired out behind me. Jack didn't hesitate. He drove us through the gate as soon as the opening was large enough to fit our car. He knocked off the right rear view mirror in the process and hit the gas so hard; we went straight into the backside of a military cargo truck. A stack of crates holding meal packets and water bottles crashed onto the hood of our car. The windshield wipers automatically started thrashing about as a splattered water bottle empties its contents on us.

This was the end of the road for the minivan. It had a good run. We all jumped out of the vehicle immediately as the hood started to steam.

"S-sorry," Jack said and kicked the tire of the van. He bounced sheepishly from foot to foot with his hands firmly in his pockets. "I panicked."

"They didn't have to shoot those people," I replied.

"It really wasn't my call, Ailith," Jack said. "I just knew that saving the three of us was more important than anything else at that second. What else could we have done? Stayed and gotten shot with the rest of them? Can you blame me for saving your life?"

"Yes!" I snapped. "Why is my life so important? I think there's an awful lot you're not telling us."

"Ah-hem, Ailith," Holly said as a pair of headlights appeared. "Can we talk about this later? Like somewhere elsewhere, it isn't getting so dark?"

I knew what she meant. Holly knew what the setting sun meant. It meant more murder and death and blood. I squinted in the light and saw it was an airport bus that had appeared out of nowhere. It immediately doors opened for us. It was otherwise empty.

"Get inside, it's getting dark out," the bus driver ordered. "You see those clouds gathering? Those aren't ordinary rain clouds."

Jack and Holly headed toward the bus, but I backed away. The coincidences were too much to handle. Jack was moving through this apocalyptic landscape like he had a skeleton key that could bypass even the most classified locations.

"I'm not going anywhere with you, Jack Fayer," I said. "Not until you tell us the truth. Who are you and who are you working for?"





Chapter 23


Chapter 23

" ARE YOU teenagers getting in or not?" The bus driver asked as he chewed on a cigarette bud. "I haven't got all day."

ARE YOU "Wait," Jack commanded him and then turned back to me. "Ailith, the sun is setting. Time is running out. Do you want to wait around for a repeat of last night?"

With every passing second, the twilight was fading, and the darkness was encroaching on us. I badly wanted to get on that bus, but there was an aching inside my chest. It was as though I could deny it no longer. We weren't evacuating. We were being kidnapped.

"Ailith," Holly pleaded with me. "We're running out of time. Whatever questions you have, why can't you wait and ask Jack later?"

"I want to see the badge you showed that soldier when he let us in," I said and planted my feet in the ground. "Let me see it, or I'm turning around. I'm going to the refugee camp with the rest of the people outside. That is if there are any of those innocent people left after you guys opened fire on them."

"Ailith, they threw rocks at us. If the guards didn't shoot, your brains would be on the pavement by now," Holly hissed and grabbed my arm. I ripped it out of her grasp and backed away. Holly was strong, but in my anger, I was stronger.

"Show me the badge," I snapped.

Jack sighed, reached into his pocket, and withdrew the badge. It was so small, smaller than even a credit card. I snatched it out of his hand and looked down on it. It was a plain black and white card that had been laminated and contained a hologram. Jack's unsmiling face looked back at me from a stamp size photo in the bottom left corner.





Joseph Faherty

Assistant Chief of Cyber Command

Security Clearance: Level Black

Shadow Corp Base 5

Headquarters: New Arca, Nivarrin





"What the hell is that?" Holly asked, looking over my shoulder. "Is that like a branch of the CIA?"

"I have no idea," I replied and reached over and snatched the cell phone out of Jack's hand. "Back in South Beach, a woman told me they intercepted a call talking about the boy I saw in my dreams. That was you, wasn't it, Joseph? Who did you call?"

"I'm Jack; Joseph is just my code name. You know who I called Ailith. You were snooping around on my phone last night, weren't you?"

"It said unknown sender," I said. "So why don't you tell me? Who sent you after us?"

Jack sighed, but for once, he didn't look panicked. He seemed remarkably cool now, like none of this was especially interesting to him.

Was it all an act up until now? Why would he do it?

"I didn't lie to you guys. I used to work for Syvirua during my summers in high school. Around my senior year, I was approached by a bigger fish. It was a man named Renat Rykov. He convinced me to join a mercenary military force instead. That's how I ended up in Nivarrin with Shadow Corp."

"Who is the green-eyed boy in my dreams?" I lowered my voice as I remembered the deference and fear the mysterious woman spoke with when uttering that name. "The one they call Jadueriel?"

Jack's eyes finally widened as I spoke that name. He suddenly looked nervous, for real this time.

"Jadueriel and the green-eyed boy are two different things, but they reside in the same person. He's looking for a life form that is living inside you."



"What's he going to do when he finds me?"

"He's going to kill you," Jack said bluntly. His eyes held mine without blinking. "The military that I'm part of, my leader General Rykov, we're trying to keep you away from him. Your only chance of survival is to come with us."

"I'm not afraid to die," I told Jack with a smirk. "I think I already died once when I was six. What difference does it make if the world wants me dead again?"

"Stop joking like that," Holly admonished. "People will care if you die."

"Especially whoever sent Jack Fayer to us," I muttered. "I saw the text on your phone last night, Jack. Why are they interested in me?"

"Beats me," Jack replied with a shrug. He took a step away from us and stretched out lazily. He wasn't even trying to conceal his well-muscled back. Oh yeah, that bad posture was gone too. I saw him remove his glasses and place them in his pocket. Who was this man? "Why do you think I would know any of that, Ailith? If anything, you should know better than any of us why they're interested in you."

"What does he mean, Ailith?" Holly asked, wrinkling her nose distastefully. This entire conversation was flying over her head. She just wanted to get on that bus. As the light faded from the horizon, the light of the bus seemed awfully inviting to me as well. I also wanted to pretend as though Jack's secret alter-ego Joseph wasn't threatening. I wanted to go on pretending that we were just three kids running away from vampires.

But that wasn't true, was it?

I knew it deep inside ever since my heart-beat changed with the coming of the Blight Rain.

I was more than Ailith Ying . . . so much more.

Yet, at the same time, I desperately wanted to hang on, if not to myself, then to Holly. I didn't want to leave this behind. Somehow, I knew I would have to if I faced the truth.

I took a step back and shook my head at Holly. I furrowed my brows as though I was as confused as she was. Even though secretly, I had an inkling that I knew what Jack was talking about. It all started with those damned cells in my heart.

No, let us have one more second together . . .before . . .before what?

What was I afraid of?

"It's getting dark," Jack interrupted. "Let's get moving before we have to entertain our vampire guests again."

Holly wrapped her arm around me and led me onto the bus. The bus driver spat the remains of this cigarette bud onto the floor. I saw the tiny embers light up in that ant-sized pile of ash. Light, fire, these were the only things left to protect us from the darkness — from the end of times.

As I sat back in my neon plastic bus seat, Holly reached out and wrapped her fingers around mine. I barely felt the warm touch of her peach-colored fingers. My eyes were still fixated on the darkness outside. A memory appeared before my still-open eyes, a creature under the waters — slithering away from me like a vile serpent. It came from within me. It was made of my flesh, and it emerged from my soul. Its scaled sides touched the inner parts of my thigh as it escaped from me. The vision filled me with unspeakable dread. What was this?

"No, stop!" I snapped. And then — just like that — I was back inside the bus.

"What?" The driver asked as he thought I had yelled at him. "Sorry, hold on, that was an old speed bump back there."

I glanced at Jack and Holly, who were both nonchalantly trying to pretend I didn't just have a psychotic outburst. Jack was right. There was something wrong with me. As much as there was some sickness plaguing this planet, there was something far darker lurking within my soul.

As we came to the airport terminal, we got off the bus. The three of us wandered through the empty hallways to reach the runway. One of the Flight Information Display Screens was now showing flickers of the evening news. In between blurs of static, I saw a headline. The headquarters of the small American medical company Morandi had been bombed. Their CEO, Anna Yasmin, had passed away before she could be rushed to the hospital. In her will, she had left her entire fortune to her Pomeranian. Unfortunately, the dog was killed in the blast too, and now the billions will go to a charity for Blight victims.

"Syvirua is gone too," Jack told me as he tugged me away from the television. "It was bigger news a while ago when Walter Epison's skeletal reminds was found in a vat of acid waste. He had been missing for weeks."

I stared unblinkingly at the screen. Anna Yasmin, Charles Leung, Walter Epison, these weren't a string of unrelated incidents. This was a coordinated attack.





Jadueriel had something to do with this. He's saving someone for last ; the eerie thought slipped into my mind as I stared at the screen. Someone important to me.

Jadueriel had something to do with this. He's saving someone for last Someone important to me.





Chapter 24


Author's Note: I guess this marks the turning point of this novel. I just wanted to take a moment here to thank everyone for reading this book!

I know some of you are here because you've been following Vivienne and Blake's story since the very beginning of Darkly Devoted and there are those of you here who are joining up for the first time with Ailith and Holly. To all of you, I want to thank you for embarking on this journey with me.

To those who aren't clear why this is a turning point, you'll find out soon. To those of you who understand the significance of it, let me say — cheers, to old friends, and to really old characters who really deserved to have their story told (I know that was cryptic).

~*~





Chapter 24

Chapter 24 OUTSIDE THE terminal, we found an abandoned luggage mover. Jack got into the driver's seat, and Holly and I climbed into the back. Sitting on the cold, uncomfortable chairs, Holly reached over and took my hand in hers. She squeezed my fingers.

OUTSIDE THE "If what he's saying is true, we should do as he says," Holly whispered to me while Jack's back was turned. "He got us into the airport, and he's going to get us out of Miami. That's the most we can hope for right now."

"Does it matter that he lied to us? He lied since the second he met you at the train station."

"He didn't tell the whole truth. But even if I didn't keep in touch with Jack, my parents know his aunt. She comes to our restaurant every Sunday. I just can't make myself believe that he's a bad person. I don't think he's trying to get us killed."

"Oh, now you two are getting along?" I marveled. Holly reached out and placed her hand over my knee. I noticed her purple nail polished was chipped now. Holly was finally losing it. Although I had seen her periodically touch up her lips with her strawberry lip gloss that she carried in her ever-present Coach bag, at this point in time that was the only make-up she wore.

That's how you know the world is ending when even Holly stops putting on eyeliner. She finally looked tired as she leaned back into the seat. As the luggage mover drove relentlessly into the night, Holly wrapped her blue sweater close around her shoulders like a cape.

"I would rather not spend my time with a nerd like Jack Fayer, but I also like being alive," Holly whispered as we stared at Jack's back. He was in the driver's seat and he appeared to know exactly where he was going. In the distance, I saw an outline of a small plane with blinking lights along its wingspan.

We were the only evacuees in this entire airport.

That plane was waiting for us.

I felt a knot growing in my throat. Who was it that was awaiting us on that plane?

"Did you suspect anything?" I pondered out load to stop myself from imagining what horrible fates awaited us.

"Yeah," Holly whispered, her eyes also fixed on the plane in the distance. "While we were waiting for you to get back from those white tents back South Beach, Jack got a call on his cellphone. He said it wasn't a real call, just the cell phone acting up because of the satellite disruption, but I saw it was a Manna City number. If there's one thing I know from working at Tiffany's all those years, it's all the variations of area codes from Manna City."

"He's playing us."

"Yeah," Holly replied. "We can't trust Fayer. Or anyone he works with. We should try to get away from him as soon as we can."



"I would rather deal with vampire Grace than him and his friends." I leaned into Holly's ear. "Whoever Jack is working for is interested in me. Only me. Maybe you still have a chance to get away."

"No," Holly hissed back. She caught my chin and vigorously shook her head. "We're in this together. Until the end."

~*~

We got out of the luggage mover at the far end of the runway. The sun was just about to slip below the horizon. Without a seconds hesitation, Jack herded us toward the small jet parked at the end of the runway.

"Is this safe? I thought the satellite system wasn't working," I muttered resentfully.

"No, but ours is," Jack said. "Don't worry, Ailith, between myself and our military-trained pilot; we'll keep the plane in the air. He could pilot us to safety in the middle of armageddon."

Even as we walked, I heard gunshots in the distance. Smoke appeared, and then an explosion. It appeared night had come, and the vampires had started to awaken. Either that or the remaining people had decided to rush the gate.

"Get into the plane!" Jack hollered. "Run!"

Holly grabbed my hand, and we ran up the stairs into the small plane. There was a man wearing a suit standing at the doorway to the plane to greet us. He closed the door securely behind us as soon as the three of us were on board.

"Captain," he said with a nod. "Took you bloody long enough."

"Levett, I've never been so happy to see you, man ," Jack said as he threw himself around the skinny dark-haired man with both arms. "I nearly shit in my pants fifteen times just in the past hour."

man The plane started to move even as we lingered by the door. I had to grab hold of a bathroom door handle to stay upright. We were gaining speed; my guts could barely handle the speed at which the aircraft was careening down the runway.

"This way, Miss Ying. Please sit down," Levett instructed me. I noticed that as I tried to get a good look at Levett, he immediately cast his eyes to the ground. He guided me to the luxurious, cream-colored interior of the plane. I had been on a plane before but nothing like this. There were giant sofa sized chairs with seat rests and large tables.

We all took our seats in the calfskin chairs and buckled up. There was a generous-sized window beside my chair, and outside the dark forlorn landscape passed by quicker and quicker until it was all a blur. With barely a rumble, the sleek plane pointed up and took to the skies. Despite the calm of our cabin, in the distance, I saw several more gunshots erupt. There would be no peace, not even in the refugee camps tonight. There were fires dotting the landscape now. In the past, fires such as these would be the symbols of chaos, riots or violence. Now, they were humanity's last stand against the demons that came in the night.

I wondered what would happen when these fires finally went out. When every last human was turned, what would be left for our planet then?

"Looks like we finally made it to safety," Jack spoke up, breaking the heavy silence as we reached cruising altitude.

"You poor g-girls must be starving," Levett said as he reappeared from the back of the plane with warm, buttery brioche rolls, jams, smoked salmon, and little tins of caviar. He placed these on the table before us and set out some spotless silverware.

I thought I wasn't hungry until I smelled the butter. Even as I tried to avert my eyes, my stomach growled.

All I had that day was a fried egg and then about fifty Oreos, three bags of lays, and a snickers bar in the back of the car. Jack seized one of the rolls and filled it with salmon and butter until it looked like the Big Mac of finger foods.

Holly and I exchanged glances but didn't reach for the food. We were like Hansel and Gretel, sitting before the Witch's Cottage. This food would come with a price, one that neither of us understood the full extent of.

"Is this not to your liking?" Levett asked in a kindly tone. He approached me and filled my cup with tea. My throat was absolutely parched but I didn't reach for the cup. Yet, even as every breath I took seemed to remind me of the sandpaper that coated my inners, I didn't want to drink from that cup. There was a strange, fragrant scent wafting from it that made me scrunch up my nose.

"What is this?"

"It's made from a night jasmine that only grows in the winter," Levett replied carefully, slowly, as though he was explaining the matter to a toddler. "Do you not like it?"

"Sounds fancy, can the rest of us have some?" Holly demanded. I knew she was wondering why Levett was serving it only to me.

Levett seemed to hesitate, as though the request shocked him. Then I saw a smile grow on his face as though he were scrambling to cover up his surprise with decorum. "Of course, Miss Xu, let me find you a cup."

"I didn't tell him my name," Holly mouthed in my direction as Levett left the main cabin momentarily. I didn't have any answers or even guesses left to offer her. There was nothing left for us now, we were in the company of people with more power than we could imagine. There was nothing left to do except to go along with whatever they wanted from us. I stared at the teacup and felt dread wash over me like the white waters of an enchanted river. The scent of that jasmine was sinister and yet oddly familiar.

I tried to place the saucer over the top of the cup to make the smell go away. As I did, I saw a logo on the bottom of the saucer. Tercel.

Tercel. Despite myself, I smiled.

"Tehal," I whispered to myself. "He always called it Tercel."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 25





Chapter 25

Chapter 25 " WHAT DID YOU SAY ?" Holly asked.

WHAT DID YOU SAY "Nothing," I replied and stood up so quickly I knocked the teacup to the floor. It snapped into two and splashed my jeans with hot tea. "Ouch," I muttered. "Oh, crud, I'm going to go to the bathroom to clean this up."

I ran out of the main cabin before they could stop me. In the bathroom, I stared into the mirror above the small sink. Here, everything smelled sterile and clean. That irksome fragrance was finally gone. I stared into my hazel eyes in the mirror and gulped down some deep breathes of the stale restroom air. It was still me in that mirror. I recognized my lips even though they were dry and cracked at the moment. There was my nose that my parents always told me was a cute as a button but which I thought looked a little like a pig's snout. At that moment, all I could think of was how glad I was to see my reflection in that mirror. It was as though, for a second back there, I thought I was inhabiting someone else's body.

I placed a hand up against the cold glass and watched the mirror steam up with the heat of my sweaty skin. I desperately wanted to touch my reflection — to hold onto the girl in the mirror.

"Tahel," I repeated, and as I did, I saw a flash of another face in the mirror. It was a woman with a narrow face and eyes full of anger. I saw a flash of a smirk on her thin lips and then a pulse of blue in her eyes — no — my eyes. I jumped back and nearly hit my head on the cabinet above the toilet.

my I was breathing hard as I turned my face to look at the mirror again. It was just my reflection in the mirror, my patient but weary brown eyes, the light smattering of freckles on my cheeks. I was still wearing my filthy t-shirt and ripped jeans. The woman in the mirror with the midnight blue dress was just a nightmare —a waking nightmare.

When I went back outside, both Levett and Jack were gone.

"The weird Levett guy went to the cockpit," Holly said.

"Where's Jack?"

"Taking a leak or something."

I wondered how Jack would be using the restroom when I was just there. That was unless there was more than one restroom in this private jet. It bugged me, but I decided to force the questions out of my head.

I reached out from my seat and took Holly's hand from across the aisle. Down there, the world was overrun with vampires, but up here, we were prisoners of these insane strangers.

I wondered what was the purpose of being immune to the waters when everyone I loved was dead. After humanity was gone, would I be the only one left? That's if the vampires didn't eat me first.

"Did they say where this damned plane was heading?"

"Bermuda, I think ," Holly replied as she twirled a strand of her caramel hair between her fingers. "They said there is a base there that's safe from the storm. I'm starting to think that you're right. They're interested in you. I think this plane is here to keep you alive."

think "I don't want to survive this if it's by myself, without yo—I mean all of you guys."

"Well, you don't have a choice in the matter. It's destiny. Cheer up, Ailith, maybe Levett and his friends have found others like you with those KoRi cells in their bodies. Maybe you'll make a friend or two after the apocalypse."

"Stop it!" I snapped. "I don't want to go on without everyone I've ever known or loved."

"Hey, when I turn, will you kill me quickly?" Holly asked. "I don't want to walk around decaying all over the place."

"Stop it!"

I don't know what came over me. Maybe it was the sight of the tears welling up in her large eyes. I crossed the distance between us and sat down in her chair. We were both boney-assed girls from Windflower Springs. The two of us easily, snuggly, fit into one luxurious armchair. I caught her tears in the palm of my hand. The warm droplets traced the crevasses of my skin like water in a desert.

If Black Waters was what made humans into monsters, maybe the tears of one's loved ones were what made monsters human. I did something I never did before. I pressed my lips against hers without being invited to do so.

I don't know what gave me the courage to violate her mouth. Maybe the Blight Rain had changed me as well, in other ways than it had changed Grace. It made me recklessly give in to my desires for Holly. I wanted to know every inch of her, from her glossy cherry lips to her perfectly square lavender-purple toenails.

My hand found its way to her voluptuous hip, and I squeezed her there over the thin fabric of her suede miniskirt. My other hand trailed up her muscular thigh and then up to the curve of her bottom. Big, mean Holly seemed so small and fragile in my hands. It was as though I could snap in her half with the strength of my love.

How many times had I been exposed to Black Waters in the past couple of days? I hadn't turned. No, I am suffering from hallucinations now but I didn't turn into a monster. An eery thought appeared in my head — now I was the stronger one with my resistance to this virus on humanity.

My lips continued to press up against Holly's, and she parted her lips to let my tongue into her mouth. She was finally relenting, submitting to me. In her eyes, I finally saw understanding — all this time, poor weak Ailith who hid in her oversized sweaters and sat on the bleachers in the gym — was, in fact, the strong one. It was a strange feeling that overcame me right then. It was as though the woman whose face I saw in the mirror was edging me on. I could feel her coldness running through my veins as I continued to explore Holly's girlish form.

I had the only strength that mattered anymore. I was the one who had to be saved.

I was the Ayah-Isafi - the divine one.

Ayah-Isafi What did that word mean? Where did I even get it from? I didn't know. My mind was swimming with so many fragments of thoughts. That winter's jasmine, it must have been full of dark magic. These thoughts could not possibly belong to me. I was always the shy, timid one, the wallflower no one noticed. I was too afraid to breathe lest someone hear it. Now I was squeezing Holly's right breast in my hand until she whimpered.

No, the tea was not magic, something else, something more ancient.

It woke something deep inside me that had always been there.

Those white chrysanthemum, they meant something. Something or someone , I had to remember.

someone I promised to remember.

But what?

"I love you," Holly whispered in my ear, interrupting my thoughts.

The aching between my legs intensified to an unbearable degree. I wanted Holly inside me — all of her.

"I love you too," I gasped back and kissed her again with a renewed fervor.

It was an all-consuming sensation — the feeling her sensual tongue explore the inside of my mouth. It blotted out all my other thoughts. I pressed my body against Holly, my breasts against her chest, my knee between her thighs, my arms around her neck. As I forced her mouth into submission, another part of me started to awaken. As I continued to explore her body, it made me feel as though I was the conqueror. The pale woman from the mirror appeared in my memory again. Her eyes were like the waters in the lake from whence the winter jasmine grew.

The specter's mysterious anger fueled my resolve to claim Holly for my own.

Finally, the world was mine to take.





Chapter 26





Chapter 26

AFTER OUR passionate make-out session on the couch, my ponytail had turned into a hopeless tangle, and my t-shirt was damp with sweat. It was a good kind of sweat, it smelled thick and hot, and it reminded me of Holly.

AFTER OUR I told Holly I needed to go to the bathroom to clean up again. I hated lying to her, but a thought lingered in the back of my head. I needed to find who these people were.

I didn't head for the bathroom this time. Even as I felt gloriously happy in Holly's arms, I couldn't stop wondering about this plane and the people in it.

In the back of the plane, I noticed that there was another room beyond the bathroom. The door was ajar.

Peering inside, I saw a minibar and some stools. Although the room seemed excessively large for an airplane, the space was small enough for me to see Jack sitting on of the stools. He was blabbering to someone on his cellphone. I didn't want to overhear, but I couldn't help it.

"No, for the thousandth Ma, stop worrying. What did I tell you? Everyone got out alive — you, Kevin, Aunt Lauren, little cousin Ben. My boss made sure you guys were evacuated from the outer boroughs long before there was any hint of a storm."

I felt frozen in place. My fists clenched reflexively. Jack knew about the storm. His entire damn company knew. And they evacuated their relatives and left the rest of us to die.

Why did Jack come back to Windflower Springs that morning if he knew his relatives were safe?

"Ma, Ma! Take a chill pill. There's going to be no 'next' storm," Jack stood up and started to pace back and forth. He tucked his free hand under his armpit as though he was trying to stop himself from gesturing wildly for emphasis. "Dammit, Ma. Of course, I matter to them. Do you have any idea who your son is? I'm a goddamn genius."

'next' I crept into the shadows behind the ajar door as Jack marched over to one of the portal-like windows. He tapped his fingers on the oval frame of the window and sighed into his cellphone as though he was being lectured to. "Ma, I'm not supposed to tell you this. This is all like super classified. I got into some trouble in Nivarrin. You know how I told you last Christmas that I was bros with the big boss' son who was about the same age as me? No, no ma — not Rykov, a bigger boss. Well, it turns out my buddy Orion decided to call me up one night to get some bank account codes for him because he was going to use it buy contraband weapons to take out his dad. It was weird — I guess it was inheritance issues, you know these billionaires. Anyway, after his dad gave him a beating on the fields of Jehan, Rykov gave me a mission to redeem myself.

super "There's a big bad dude who suddenly showed up about three months ago, let's call him Jude. He's so crazy powerful he can control the weather. Chairman Oseth himself told me he would transfer in a cool twenty million dollars into my account if I would just do this one thing for him. I needed to go to Castiel Springs and protect some random girl named Ailith while pretending to be her friend from high school. I guess I'm enough of a small fry that I wouldn't attract any attention. It was supposed to be a perfectly safe operation until this Jude dude caught onto it. He's here in Florida now, but we're on a jet out of here. He may be strong, but he can't reach us on our base in Bermuda."

"I'm safe here, goddamn it, Ma. I'm done trying to explain things to you. You're insane. I'm hanging up. I've been holed up in this backroom long enough as it is. Love ya, Ma. Tell Aunt Lauren hugs and kisses too. And tell Kevin not to eat too many vanilla creme cupcakes. Save some for his older bro. I'll see you guys soon."

As Jack hung up, I saw him linger by the window. I had a million things I wanted to say to him the second he came out of that room, but my eyes drifted to the window too.

Outside, it was starting to rain. In the pitch blackness of night, it was hard to tell what sort of rain it was.

"You're not Jack Fayer, are you?" I asked. "If I'm so important, why don't you finally tell me the truth?"

"No, I'm not," the stranger before me said. Little by little, I was starting to see it. He wasn't Jack at all. He was this operative from this place called Nivarrin. His real name was Joseph Faherty.

real Joseph sighed and rolled his eyes at me like I was hopelessly dim-witted.

He wasn't even putting up a pretense of being our friend anymore. His obligation to Holly and me was finished. He was just going home to cash out his millions of dollars for bringing me onto this flight.

"I'm a hacker for a mercenary army called Shadow Corp. You are of special interest to a powerful man named Oseth. Probably a good thing too — he's the only person now who can create Lumin pills now that the head of Yageron is dead."

When I didn't reply, Joseph turned back to the window.

"Your old schoolmate Jack Fayer is a computer programmer in Chicago. I probably have a striking resemblance to him, but you're right — I'm not Jack Fayer."

"You're a liar."

"The people I'm working for aren't going to hurt you."

"Why should I believe anything you're telling me?"

"Just listen, okay. I'm telling you the truth now. When they assigned me to come to Castiel Springs to find out, they told me to impersonate Jack so that you would come with me. Jack Fayer was the kind of nerdy, shut-in that no one remembers clearly. Neither you and Holly remember what Jack Fayer really looks like or any social interaction you had with him, do you?" Joseph straightened up and laughed coldly. "See, you popular girls, you are too busy study the moles on the quarterback's biceps to notice the boy wearing glasses in the library."

"Well, good for Jack, wherever he is — he finally got noticed by someone even if it's just a bromance," I reply sarcastically. "And just so you know, Joseph, I was never one of the popular girls in high school."

"Well, you're one popular girl now. Everyone's after you — the Levanti, Qarinik, Yageron...even Mr. Oseth."

"What does he want with me?"

"I don't know. I thought maybe you knew." Joseph said. "He said you told him once you'll find your way back to him."

I shook my head. I didn't know what Joseph was talking about except I didn't like any of it. Oseth, that name drew a complete blank in my mind. I needed to get away from these people. If I didn't, something terrible was going to happen.

Just as those thoughts crossed my mind, I felt the plane shudder from under my feet.

I caught the handle of the bathroom door to steady myself, I knew without a doubt it was Blight Rain.

"Fuck!" Joseph yelled as he grabbed onto the walls for support. He rushed to the window. The rain was pelting us from all sides now. The needle-like droplets had turned into sheets of water running down the oval windows with such fervor we might as well have been a submarine. "Oh fuck, LEVETT!"

The door to the bedroom slammed open and knocked into the opposite wall with such force I worried Joseph would blow a hole in our aircraft.

Holly appeared at the end of the hallway. She had already straightened up her hair and smoothed all the wrinkles out of her sweater.

"What was that?" Holly snarled at Joseph. Although her tone was harsh, her eyes said she was just as terrified as the rest of us.

Joseph shoved Holly aside as he made his way to the cockpit.

"Something that's not supposed to be happening."





Chapter 27





Chapter 27

Chapter 27 " DAMMIT, LEVETT! " Joseph screamed, pounding on the door to the cockpit. The plane was dropping and gaining altitude like a demonic yoyo. I made my way back into the main body of the plane, holding onto the walls for support. Holly ran over to me and gave me her hand to hold.

DAMMIT, LEVETT! Holly screamed as the lights of the main cabin flickered. I wanted to wrap my arms around her and to tell her to calm down. As I stared at the prospect of my own death, a strange peace came over me. I didn't know how to explain it; it was as though this was all predestined. This storm — it was coming for me.

The airplane swayed from side to side, and Holly crouched down against the wall for support. Her caramel-colored hair was covering her whimpering face. Wordlessly, I did the same. I didn't blame her. This was like being on a roller coaster, except this one was taking us straight to hell.

The cockpit door opened, and Levett appeared. The formerly staunchly put together man was now noticeably disheveled. He was busy unsuccessfully stuffing a sweat-stained handkerchief into his shallow jacket pocket.

Joseph gave up all semblance of courtesy and seized Levett by the lapels of his fine jacket.

"WHAT is going on, Levett?" Joseph demanded, the artery in his temple was bulging, and his face was turning red with fury. "You promised you had everything under control."

"Well, it's obvious that's bloody well changed," Levett snapped and shoved Jack away. He stumbled over to one of the oval windows and stared out into the black night.

Shakily, I left Holly's side and approached Levett. The slender man's chest was heaving. He was breathing so rapidly and noisily; I was worried he was in the midst of an asthma attack.

"Sebastian," Levett closed his eyes and whispered almost in prayer into the dark night. "This isn't you. Please, don't do this."

"Sebastian isn't here anymore," I muttered.

"Can you do anything?" Levett asked me with a sudden hopeful tone in his voice. "Can you, Orienne?"

"Levett! We've lost the right engine. We need to land!" A voice came from the door to the cockpit that was flapping with the intense turbulence. The sound of the metal banging against metal broke me out of my trance. I shook my head at Levett and backed away.

"Levett?" Joseph screamed as the plane started to descend at a steep angle. "Levett! Dammit, Do something!"

I felt my stomach jump into my throat as we fell out of the sky. The light of the main cabin went out, and only the emergency lights along the aisle were left. I fell onto the floor and crawled toward my chair. I grabbed ahold of a safety belt and hung on for dear life.

Out of the three of us, Holly was the only one who made it back into a seat and had a seatbelt over her lap. Joseph was knocked off his feet by one last attempt by the pilot to turn the nose of the aircraft back up toward the sky. I saw him slide across the front of the cabin, and his head banged roughly against the far wall.

I thought I imagined it, but I heard a crack.

In the final moments of that plunge, Levett threw himself on me. He grabbed ahold of the armrests with both hands and held me against the back of the chair.

The plane touched the ground with an explosive jolt. My head snapped back, and I wasn't sure what happened after that.

~*~

I woke up beside a lake. My clothes were wet from the rain. As I sat up, the aircraft was nowhere in sight. Was this a dream? I felt a dull ache all over, but I didn't see any scrapes or bruises. I was just hopelessly damp all over. Then I remembered, it had been Blight Rain that took down the plane, and I immediately wiped my palms on my jeans.

"Those waters can't hurt you," a voice said from behind me. I turned to see a man standing behind me. He was barely more than a shadow and try as I might — I couldn't make out any of his features. Wherever I tried to focus my eyes, his features would shimmer ever so slightly. It was as though he wasn't really here, and it was just a hologram of him. "Do you remember me, Orienne?"

"You're the one they call Jadueriel," I said carefully. "You and Orienne were lovers once, a long time ago. I don't know why you are calling me Orienne. I might have these KoRi cells in my heart, but I don't have her memories."

"Then, do you remember this place?" The figure asked. "You and your silly flowers. Do you remember our son? Or did you choose to forget that wretched creature as well?"

"Our son?" I asked and scrambled to think. I didn't recall any of the stories mentioning that Jadueriel and Orienne had a child together. I thought Orienne's legacy to the world were the rain clouds she weaved. Jaduerial's part in the story was the flood he created from them.

"We had a son," the shadow said. "Five thousand years ago. I forgive you for forgetting. It has been a long time, hasn't it, my love?"

I grimaced at his words. In the fog, just beyond the morning mist, I saw a tree appear. Its branches swayed gently in the wind; purple leaves drifted into the pearly blue waters. What was this place? Was it even on earth?

"You'll remember," the shadow said. "Soon, you'll remember everything."

"Where am I? Am I dead?" I asked as I knelt down and took a handful of the waters in my open palm. The water slipped through my fingers like the memories that I couldn't quite hang onto.

"This is Tahel lake," the shadow said. "The Reaper can't find you here. Even if you are his mother."

"His mother?" I asked and spun around. Beyond the weeping willow tree, in the distance, I saw the white roses. Just beyond them, I knew the chrysanthemums grew wild overtaking all else in my small garden — even the Winter's Jasmine.

Even more important than the flowers that grew there, there was something else in that garden. There was someone there waiting for me.

someone Someone small and helpless; someone this lake was created to protect.

"Yes, Orienne, you bore the most wicked demon in all of hell. You're the creator of the Blight that has eaten humanity," the shadow continued. "But I see, you're thinking of someone else. Someone you dearly love. A child you bore with another man while I was away. While I was trapped in Aemon for thousands of years."

"No," I muttered. "I remember no such thing. This is just a dream!"

"Oh, but you must remember. There was once another little lost boy who called you mother. A boy who even now lingers close to the protective light of this lake. A river made of a mother's love, perhaps?"

I backed away from the shadow. I knew what he was about to tell me even before the words left his lips. Still, I resisted. I fought the past with every fiber of my being.

"No, stop. Stop it!"

"Why should I, Ailith?" The spirit of Jadueriel asked mockingly. "For a soul who had been reborn so many times, you have had so many names. Why the last time we spoke, it was in Aemon Gorge, where I was imprisoned. Your name back then was quite pretty. It suited your cold hard soul."

so "Stop it I don't want to r-remember."

"Oh yes, it was Odelia Winther."





Chapter 28


Chapter 28

I WOKE UP with my face in the dirt and grass in my mouth. The forest was a mass of blackness. As I blinked and pushed myself into a sitting position, I saw that I was fortunate enough to be lying next to an abandoned flashlight.

I WOKE UP How did I end up here? My last memory was of the plane going down.

Picking up the flashlight, I immediately saw Holly. Although Holly was covered with leaves and bruises, at least she was sitting upright. Holly was on a tree stump a couple of feet from me.

Holly didn't notice that I was awake. The whole time I was gathering myself up, she had her head between her knees. As I reached for her shoulder, Holly bent over even further and heaved up her guts. Holly continued throwing up until every last bit of the buttered rolls she ate was lying at her feet in a pile of gastric juices.

"Are you okay?" I asked, brushing myself off. Other than the grass stains covering every inch of my t-shirt and jeans, some scrapes on my elbows, sore muscles in my back and arms from clenching the armrests so hard — I was fine. Holly had a bruise over her temple, and her pants were torn at the knee. She waved at me to leave her alone as she continued to heave up her guts.

I assumed that the horrible sound she was making in the back of her throat meant she was going to live. I started to look around. Where were we?

It looked to be in a forest. There was the smell of fire in the air. Something was burning nearby. It was too dark to see exactly what, and my flashlight only illuminated a couple of feet of foliage in front of me.

The rain had stopped, but the ground was wet with the nighttime dew. As I rubbed my fingers together, it felt like pure and wet like water. Blight Rain felt slimy and a little oily to the touch. I was perhaps one of the few who knew what it felt like and had lived to tell the tale.

The memory of my dream suddenly came back to me in fragments. I remembered an enchanted lake with tear-shaped leaves from the weeping willow tree. There had been a man in my dream. He told me things that I couldn't quite remember. It gave me a headache just to think about it.

"Where's everyone else?" I asked and squinted into the distance. I aimed the flashlight forward and stumbled through the trees until I saw the remains of our plane. With a sense of profound dread, I headed toward the smoldering wreckage—shards of airplane parts laid along the path. I saw a piece of a wing fragment here, a couple of broken porcelain plates there, a part of a window, and shredded seat cushions.

The entire top of the aircraft had been lifted straight off it. It was as though a can opener had been dragged across the roof. As I approached the plane from the pilot side window, I saw the lifeless body of a man sitting at the cockpit. His neck was bent back at an unnatural angle, and his forehead was covered in blood. The poor man, he must have fought until his last seconds to keep us in the air.

A deep, melodious voice echoed in my mind. I squeezed my eyes shut and tried to force it out of my mind, out of my memories of that horrible dream.

Jadueriel. He was responsible for all this. What did he want with me now? To kill me?

That would be a mercy. No, if I died, I would simply be reborn again.

These KoRi cells were immortal, and to them, my eternal soul was bound.

The Levanti scientists would simply inject them into someone else, and then my soul would find its way back from the abyss. Jadueriel knew that. He didn't want to kill me. He wanted something else, something far worse.

Continuing to explore, I noticed one of the emergency doors had been opened. Retractable stairs led up to it. I saw one of Holly's sneakers caught in the jagged metal of the plane's wrecked undercarriage. Did she make it out on her own? I doubted it. Wandering closer, I saw bloodstains over the handle of the door. Swallowing hard and ignoring my shaking knees, I went up the stairs into the darkness of the wreckage.

I saw another flashlight in the distant corner of the main cabin. I carefully stepped over the shattered glass and metal shards. Unlike Holly, I was lucky enough to be in possession of both my sneakers.

One of the chairs had flipped over. I saw blood under my feet leading up to a puddle where it stained the beige lambskin of the armchair.

Whose blood was it? It wasn't mine or Holly's. As I took another step, I saw a pair of black-rimmed glasses appear among the rubble.

Joseph.

Joseph. I heard a moan in the distance where I directed my flashlight.

"Sssh, it's just Ailith," I heard a familiar voice say soothingly. That English accent, that once spoke to me of comfort and safety, now filled me with misgiving. He was too calm, too gentle considering our current state. It was like he was talking to a child. I walked up to Levett, who was hunched over in the corner of the main cabin. I saw two legs lying on the ground, a pair of blue Nike sneakers with the laces undone. I recognized those sneakers.

"Ja-Joseph?" I asked as I followed the legs up with my flashlight. Joseph was lying on the ground with a nasty gash in his head. He winced in the light of my flashlight. He was bleeding from a cut in his neck. Levett had his hand over the wound, but I saw blood continue to ooze out from between Levett's fingers.

"Hey, Ailith," Joseph said. His face contorted as he saw me."A-are they almost here?"

I looked at Levett, and the older man shook his head as though he knew that anything coming out of my mouth at that point would only exacerbate the situation.

"You're fine, Captain," Levett said as his free hand squeezed Joseph's and placed it over his heart. "I spoke on Renat on the phone, and he says he'll be damned to hell if he lets his star prodigy die. Though, Captain, it looks like we might have to send you directly home to Manna City now."

"Okay," Joseph muttered as his eyes drifted closed. I watched numbly as the pool of blood under Joseph's head continue to grow. "W-whatever you say, Levett."

"When did I ever lie to you?" Levett said with a soft laugh. "Don't be afraid; I never leave a job half-finished."

"There are whispers among the soldiers. They say there's a lake," Joseph whimpered through labored breaths. "A magical lake that can . . .can cure anything."

"Yeah," Levett whispered into Joseph's ear as he leaned in and hugged Joseph's body against his own. "I know, I'll take you there — Lake Tahel. As surely as the weeping willows return every year to shed their lavender leaves in those white waters, it will heal you, and give you another life. One free of pain, suffering, of the Blight. I know it, I've seen it happen. These are not just fairy tales. Trust me. Everything will . . . will be all right."

By then, Joseph's breathing was barely audible. His head turned limply to one side, and he would have looked peaceful if not for all the black clots in his hair. Levett's hand loosened around Joseph's neck, and I saw the bleeding dwindled to almost nothing. Levett laid Joseph's head down and hid his face from me. He sobbed once, twice, then he wiped his nose with his bloody hand. Levett took his jacket off and covered Joseph's upper body with it.

"Stop, you're suffocating him!" I snapped.

"He's gone, Lady Th — my apologies — Miss Ailith."

"No . . .no! Let me go; he could still be alive!"

"No," Levett said and caught my arm in his bloody hand. "He suffered severe head trauma, and no one is coming for us. Come on; we need to get away from this site before he gets here."

he





Chapter 29





Chapter 29

Chapter 29 I FOLLOWED LEVETT into the forest. He wandered a fair distance away from the airplane wreckage and collapsed against one of the trees. I saw an imprint of his bloody smear left by his hand against a wet tree trunk.

I FOLLOWED LEVETT I felt strangely numb to the scene unfolding around me. Maybe I was in shock, maybe it was the chill in the night air, or maybe I was awakening to what I always knew.

The cells implanted in my heart are the cells of Orienne's body. She was a woman who lived more than five thousand years ago. The Levanti scientists cloned her cells from pieces of Orienne's bones and hair about fifty years ago. They've been implanting her cells into human subjects to see if Orienne could be resurrected through a human host. Her cells are malignant, vicious, immortal; they devour everything in their path. Only select humans can live with her cells in their bodies. The cells in my heart have been dormant until now.

Ailith Ying, Odelia Winther, and countless others were hosts who received KoRi cells. The real Ailith Ying was dead. I, Orienne, became Ailith when she underwent that surgery when she was six. The woman who they called Odelia Winther suffered a similar fate as a child. But who was to say these bodies aren't rightfully mine? I had been the sole occupant of these cells for the past decades and a half.

A strange peace came over me as I walked through the forest. I couldn't be turned into a vampire because I was already one. My body had already transformed to host a soul that wasn't its own.

"There, there, Levett," I said and patted the young man on his sweat-drench back. He turned to me and began wiping his forehead down with a silk handkerchief. I decided not to point out to him that the handkerchief was stained with blood, and it was making a mess on his face. He was more in shock from all of this than I was. He couldn't help it; death was alien to him. He reminded me of someone, someone I once knew very well. "Levett, that name sounds familiar. Have we met before?"

"No. Though, a long time ago, you were a close acquaintance of my mother, Brooke," Levett told me with a broad smile, as though he was finally regaining his wits. "Do you remember her? You called her Bree. If not, perhaps you recall my grandfather, Lichtus."

"I'm sorry, I don't know any of those names," I mused. I saw Levett's face drop as though he had momentarily hoped he was talking to someone else, someone much more knowledgeable than me. Though his features were sharp, his blue eyes were calm and wise. It reminded me of a home I had never known. Then I shook my head. No, Holly was my home now. My parents, or rather Ailith's parents, were likely dead. Holly was all I had left.

"Let's go find Miss Xu," Levett said as though he was reading my mind. "We should make our way away from the crash site. There's no telling when the wreckage might go up in flames."

~*~

Together, we found Holly nearby. She had heard us talking and had made her way toward us. She looked cold and scared, but unlike before, now she kept her distance from me. I wonder what she had overheard of the conversation between Levett and me.

Perhaps, now she was starting to suspect that Levett and I had a relationship she knew nothing about. I wanted to assure her that we were not in cahoots with each other, but at this point, I didn't know if we truly weren't. Despite the darkness of the forest, Levett saw me shivering in the cold. I don't know what it was that gave me away, maybe it was the sound of my chattering teeth.

He shrugged his arms out of his black wool jacket and wrapped it around my shoulders. He did it very naturally as though it wasn't any type of favor stemming from affection or chivalry but instead that it was merely what was expected of him. I noticed he made no move to address Holly's missing shoe. It was as though he barely even realized she was still here.

Who was this Odelia Winther? Did people wait on her hand and foot? When I had heard her name in my dream, all I had a visceral reaction of pure dread. What kind of life had she known? I had a feeling I didn't want to find out.

It wasn't time to ask Levett. He was busy charting a path through the forest using a compass and a map. We were lost somewhere along the border between Florida and Georgia. Levett assured us that there would be a highway about five miles from where we were.

As the three of us journeyed through the darkness, soon, I heard a rustling sound from behind us. I tried to put the sinking thought out of my mind. Maybe it was a squirrel, or a breeze, or even an alligator. Whatever it was, there was nothing to fear from it as long as it was a living, breathing animal.

Only, as the hairs on my neck pricked up, I knew it wasn't.

It was a vampire.

Not just any vampire.

It was the only vampire I knew by name.

Grace.

Grace. "My sister is close by," I informed Levett as the tall, skinny lingered by a fallen tree. He took a breather from our hiking to check his map by the light of his flashlight. Joseph's blood still stained the front of Levett's starched shirt. He had rolled up his sleeves, and now at least his forearms were clean for him to wipe his copious sweat on.

"Do not fret, madame," Levett said with a chuckle. "She will not harm us. You see, Miss Ailith, you two share a bond. She was bound to find you sooner or later."

"Are you sure about that?" I asked, furrowing my brows.

"If Grace is nearby, we need to hurry," Holly interjected with desperation in her voice. She finally found the courage to assert her presence here. She marched up and tried to snatch the map from Levett, but he quickly yanked it out of her hands as though his life depended on it. "We're close to the road. If there are cars there, she might be scared into hiding."

"No," I said as I stared into Levett's eyes. "He knows much more about Ailith's, I mean my family than he is letting on. I'm not going anywhere until you tell us what happened to my family. If you know what happened to my sister, then how about my mother?" I swallowed hard and felt my throat start to ache at the thought. "My father?"

Levett reached out and squeezed my shoulder, leaving flecks of dried blood on my shirt. "Don't worry about your father anymore. He took the first evacuation flight out of Miami before the Blight hit. The Levanti got him out of there, and he's back in their headquarters in Lykos now. They had a deal."

"My father left my sister and me?" I asked, my voice starting to break. There goes to that sense of eerie calm that I had felt earlier. My emotions, Ailith's emotions, were beginning to take over. "He left our mother?"

"You were never in any danger," Levett reassured me. He reached out with hand as though he was contemplating patting me on the shoulder. Then, as his fingers hung an inch above my shoulder, he withdrew them as though he thought better of the gesture. It occurred to me that he was just a little intimidated by my reactions. We weren't exactly friends, not in this life or my last.

Levett turned his eyes to the creature in the forest as though he would much rather face her than to confront my feelings of abandonment.

"But as for this matter of your sister who is stalking us, I want you to close your eyes and try to sense her presence. When you feel the closest to her, tell her to leave us alone. Try it. She might just do it."

"And if that doesn't work?" Holly asked. "We're just going to ask nicely, and a vampire will just leave us alone?"

"It will work," Levett said. "On this particular vampire. Trust me. I'm not just good for polishing silver and folding napkins."

I closed my eyes and searched for Grace's face in my memory. I tried to pretend as though I were talking to her.

Stay away. It's not safe.

Stay away. It's not safe. I heard her footsteps back away from us. It was working! I opened my eyes and smiled at Levett.

"I wish you taught me how to do this sooner," I said. "So, these vampire aren't just dumb flesh-eating machines?"

"No, absolutely not," Levett replied with a laugh. "Some of them are quite intelligent. You'll see."





Chapter 30


Chapter 30

Chapter 30 THE THREE OF us came to the main road at around dawn. I didn't know if it was the rising sun or the fact that I asked nicely, but the footsteps following us disappeared. As the golden rays of the morning appeared over the treetops, I saw how banged up the three of us really were. Poor Holly had a cut lip, leaves in her loose hair, and walked with a limp from her missing sneaker.

THE THREE OF Levett was panting with each step as though he was going to collapse. The walk to the road had been all uphill, and he wasn't the athletic type. He couldn't even out-climb a girl with a childhood heart condition. After walking five miles straight, I wasn't even out of breath. Looking down at my hands, they felt warm and healthy. My hands were always cold, poor circulation they used to say.

Studying myself in the sunlight, I was once again overcome with dread. Even though I had inhabited these cells for the last 15 years, all of a sudden, this body felt alien to me. Whose hands were these? Were they Ailith Ying's, or did they belong to Orienne Tahel?

What happens when you lose your soul?

We are a product of our memories, our dreams, our loves when we lose all those — who do we become?

We are born, and from that moment on, we create memories, experiences that shape who we are. As I stared into the forest behind us, I thought about the Black Waters that erased all that. It returns us to a primal state of being where we only want, only hunger. They say it takes away your soul. But I don't know if that is true. Maybe in that hunger lies your truest self.

I loved Holly, that much I knew. Yet, I also felt a strange pull toward my past lives. They were like onion peels wrapping around a constant core — to Orienne and her destiny. I needed to remember what that was before Jaduerial found us. Hiding inside Ailith Ying wouldn't change the fact that Jaduerial was closing in on us.

Levett found an uprooted tree trunk to sit on. We finally came to the open road around mid-morning. The small, two-lane road was empty. Everyone who wanted to evacuate had long done so already. These forested roads wouldn't have seen much traffic even back before the toxic rain started.

Holly, being the go-getter, immediately untied her hair and used the scrunchie to tied up her shirt to show a glimpse of ab. She started to salaciously strut up and down the road practicing for our would-be saviors.

"Who do you work for?" I asked Levett as Holly wandered out of earshot. "You tell me your family knew me in another life, but why are you here now? "

now? "I'm here to help," Levett said as he rocked back and forth on the tree trunk. I didn't know if it was the warm temperature or if it was his nerves, but he was soaked in sweat. "Even though I was sent here to rescue you by a powerful man, know this — my loyalty is to you, only to you."

only I wasn't reassured. Despite Levett having proven himself to be a worthy asset so far — I didn't trust anyone. There were too many pieces of this puzzle that I couldn't put together. Levett gave me a sympathetic look.

"You don't need to believe me, Ailith. When the time comes, you'll know what to do."

"You look familiar," I noted as I detected the vague scene of jasmine from the velvety material of the jacket he had wrapped around my shoulders. As I rearranged the coat around my shoulders, I noticed that the cufflinks on the jacket were of two snakes intertwined around a single rose. I didn't know what it meant, but it was reassuring.

"You were very close with my mother, in another life," Levett said as he noticed me tracing the snakes with my dirty index finger. "My mother was a servant in your house, and she followed you when you were married to an aristocratic man. The marriage was not one of love but duty." Levett cleared his throat and looked down as though he was embarrassed to speak of this. "You and my mother had a sapphic relationship. That's why I am here. I'm here to help guide you back to your people. Not the man I serve, but the place where you belong."

"And where is that?"

"With the Levanti." Before I could ask anything further, Levett stood up and waved for Holly to come over. "I think we have company."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 31





Chapter 31

Chapter 31 A SHINY, gray car approached with neck-breaking speed and came to a complete stop within a blink of an eye. This wasn't any ordinary banged up pick-up truck that usually inhabited these back roads. The sun's glare blinded me as the driver's side door opened. A tall, blond girl wearing knee-high leather boots appeared.

A SHINY, Looking at the Blonde Girl was like lingering in that split second between falling asleep and entering one's dreams. There was something deeply ethereal about her beauty, and yet incredibly, unmistakably violent at the same time. As she approached us, I estimated her age to be close to mine, maybe a half a decade older. Her eyes were large and radiant, but as she came closer, I could see the weary coldness in them. I noticed she had faint laugh lines around her mouth, and even now, she seemed to smirk at us. The smile didn't reach her eyes. Perhaps, it was just a nervous reflex.

Over by the road, I saw Holly fold her arms as well. She didn't like the new girl, that was for sure. Holly was a grungy, down-to-earth type of beauty with her dyed hair, flawlessly made-up face, graffitied backpack, and chewing gum.

"Lady Thorne," she whispered with breathless urgency. She nodded at me with deference as though she expected me to recognize her. I didn't. "Run. Please. I beg you."

"Why?" I asked. My eyes drifted down to her belt, where I noticed a large unseemly gun tucked into her pants. Its barrel was just barely concealed by her crisp white shirt. It wasn't the shirt that made my eyes linger; it was the inlaid willow tree carved into the handle. What did that mean? There wasn't time to ponder these questions. The girl took me by the upper arm and tried to guide me in the direction of the forest.

"He's here," she said and then glanced at Levett for help. "Wylie, I'll buy you time. Take her and run. Help is close by."

"There's no time, Amari," Levett said and reached for her hand. He made her release me, and she only did so with reluctance. "She knows what to do. You can't change destiny, Winick."

Winick. Now that was a name that triggered my memory. Amari Winick. I couldn't explain why but I backed away from the two of them.

Winick. Amari folded her arms over her chest and chewed on her lip in contemplation. Her malicious eyes stared at me, studying me, her pretty lips slowly curling upward even though it was an expression of anything but mirth. I was right about one thing; she did that as a reflex. Despite my foreboding feelings about her, I didn't think she meant me harm. She wanted to warn about the man in that car. It was too late to run.

I walked toward the car where a boy had appeared from a rolled-down window. Despite, Amari's warnings, it seemed that he was in no hurry to confront me. He cleared his throat as I approached him. Slowly, he clicked open the door to the car and stepped outside. I supposed after waiting for ten thousand years for this moment; he didn't see any point in rushing the last couple of seconds.

I stumbled backward as his face came into my field of vision. For a second, I couldn't catch my breath. It was the boy from my dreams. He wrinkled his nose from under the substantial sunglasses that shielded his eyes from the mid-day light. He made no move to remove them even as he came within an arm's length of me. With those sunglasses on, I couldn't tell what he was thinking.

He motioned for me to follow him as he walked toward the cliff. He wanted to talk to me alone, as we had in my dreams. I saw that I had no choice except to follow him. Yet, as I followed behind him, I was able to assess his movements. He had difficulty putting one foot ahead of another on the rocky slope. It wasn't that he was drugged or that he suffered from a disease; instead, he walked like he was struggling to control the flesh of that body.

We weren't alike in that regard. The real Ailith Ying had long since left this body. That wasn't true of the tall boy with the stark black hair. There was someone else in there. Someone who was fighting everything Jaduerial had planned.

Beyond the forest, we arrived at a cliff that overlooked a lake of the purest, sun-strewn waters. He turned to me and seemed to smile, but it came out as more of a grimace. I saw the corners of his lips tremble as though every cell in that body was fighting him.

"Do you remember me, Orienne?" He asked. "Do you remember the lake where you released the Reaper in the world, ten thousand years ago? That was our child. He is the reason this world is suffering."

"So, you started the Blight Rain to remind me?" I asked. "Do you know how many people died just for you to find me?"

"You still do not remember, Orienne," he said as though my accusations were very disappointing. I saw his brow furrow over the sunglasses. "You're always disappointing me. I'm starting to suspect you never loved me."

"Love you?" The thought was so ridiculous I couldn't stop myself from laughing. "You? You killed my sister, my family. How can I love you? I love Holly."

"It's always someone else, isn't it? Orienne?" He asked and turned away from him. His dark silhouette looked especially ominous against the midday sun. I wondered if I shouldn't have offered the truth so readily. "It's never me. It will be me. You will kill all those you love with your bare hands to find your way back to me. You'll see."

"Why would I do that?" I demanded. "Are you going to force me? You can barely control that body you're trespassing in."

"I grew weary of arguing with you. Perhaps, next time we meet, you'll be more...affectionate."

As he said those words, Jaduerial reached out and seized me by the throat. He dragged me over to the edge of the cliff and threw me over it.





Chapter 32





Chapter 32

Chapter 32 THE WATER exploded under me. I hit the surface at such a high speed; the impact almost knocked the wind out of me. I didn't know how deep the lake was, only that it was cold and unforgiving. In my shock, I sank beneath the surface immediately.

THE WATER As the waters closed over me, blotting out the midday sun, I felt as though I was dying. The waters weighed down on my chest, and I could only hold my breath for so long. These were my last moments as Ailith Ying. I thought back to my father and mother in our little house in Windflower Springs, where I used to read my books sitting on the cozy staircase up to the attic.

Then I felt a hand tugging at mine. Who was it? Who could have gotten to me in time?

No one.

Not unless it was a vampire.

Grace was here. Her black hair formed a ghastly halo around her head. I saw her eyes glow even in the darkness of the deep waters. Her skin was pale and falling apart with decayed chunks of flesh. They were right; she was dead, had been dead for days.

Yet, she wanted to get to me. To do what? To eat me? To save me?

"Stay back!" I yelled, but it was futile. There was a surge of ice-cold water in my mouth as I struggled to breathe. It hit me with a force that sucked all the air out of my lungs. I couldn't see anything anymore. My sense of panic blinded me. I saw nothing, heard nothing, and my world became one with those waters.

As I opened my eyes again, this time, I saw a dim light in the distance. It seemed to closer with every second as I fought to breathe. Was I dying?

A cold, clammy hand gripped mine. As my limbs stopped kicking and grew limp, I started to see visions.

The first one was of a Samaritan woman with sand-colored skin and bare feet, falling into an ancient tomb. Then, in the blink of an eye, a thousand years passed, and I was the daughter of a Yemen Bedouin digging in the sands of the Saraswati desert. I was digging in the sand one day with my sisters, and I found an emerald of such clarity, I thought it was a star that had fallen from the night sky. My father sold it to a traveling Austrian gentleman who was on his way to India.

Another lifetime flashed by, and I was a Mongolian warrior riding into battle with an eagle on my shoulder. And then another glimpse of another life as an Indian historian studying the artifacts of a sunken city off the coast of Lykos.

In another lifetime, I was a Ta'shi Princess living in the court of emperor Zhu Yuanzhang during the Ming dynasty. I saw myself sitting at a New Year's celebration at the Forbidden Palace wearing my traditional Islamic garbs. The emperor called me his little Chrysanthemum, but it was his favorite concubine who held my heart. I gave her a family heirloom, a jewel continuing the secrets of eternal life like the emerald I later found in the Saraswati desert. It was with that gem she would pass along her descendants — who became known as the Leungs — the secret Lumin pills of Yageron.

Ta'shi Hundreds of years flashed across my closed eyes. A thousand loved ones I had to watch wither, die, and fade into dust.

Across the world, during the turn of the century, I was a physician teaching medicine in Glasglow. Although I had been born female, I passed as a man easily, going as far as to take a wife. Her name was Elizabeth, and she was the daughter of a famous chemist. Her name was Syderra Vannet, and through her family, I planted the seeds of what would later go on to become Syvirua.

My soul continued even as the rest of them died. I was eternal, everlasting, cursed to return to this earth until the end of time.

As the light came closer, the small hand grasping mine, turned into the frail human hand of a little boy. This vision lingered longer than the rest. I was standing beside a small boy with golden curls and the most beautiful green eyes. This was no vampire. He waved his hand across the waters of Tahel lake, and I saw the waters ripple as though in greeting.



My precious boy, my most prized creation, my son. I wrapped my arms around him and tucked his head under my chin. In the span of eternity, our lifetimes would only amount to a second in the passing of the centuries.

"As long as the waters of Tahel are here, I'll always be with you."

"Mother!" He said and grasped my wrist ever tighter. I couldn't forget the sound of his voice calling to me across the curtains of death itself. Even as his name slipped away from me, I could never forget him. Even as I struggled to hold on, my hand slipped from his. A name came to me through the darkness...Tercel. Through that boy, I created an empire that lured the Reaper from his unground lair. The demons that walked the earth would bring the devil to the surface. And from there, I would finally have a chance to correct my wrongs — to kill my stillborn child that was born ten thousand years ago when I smashed the elixir of immortality into that lake and turned the waters black for the first time.

Even as I saw everything in that moment of clarity, once again, I plunged into the cold suffocating depths of the waters. This time, I saw myself in Windflower Springs, in the body of a little girl with a hole in her heart. In another flash, I saw Grace waving to me book bag in hand as she went to school. I was sick again, and I watched her leave from my bedroom.

She was the small hand that held onto mine now. I blinked as the bright light of day reached me even under my closed eyelids. The waters receded from my body and I felt hard, dry land under me.

I woke up coughing on the rocky shores of a lake at the edge of a rocky waterfall. My body was caked with mud, and I kept choking up mouthful after mouthful of water. I hacked and choked until my spit was blood-tinged.

"There you are," Jaduerial said as he approached me on those rocky shores. "Did that quicken your memory? I am tired, Orienne. I am, after all, very, very old, and I have been waiting a long time for this moment." Jaduerial looked up into the distance. I saw a flash of blond hair and then a blur of a blue sweater.

very It was Holly, that strange girl Amari, and the others. They were pursuing him despite the danger. They wanted to help me.

I couldn't let them die for me. Especially not Holly. She shouldn't even be here.

I wasn't afraid to die. I was half-dead anyway with all this water in my lungs. It hurt to draw in a breath. I wouldn't put any fight now if some ancient god with a grudge wanted to kill me.

Even as I feared him, I felt another emotion overcome me more powerful than terror. Seeing him here, both of us in human forms once more, I only wished he understood how utterly repulsive I found him. Jaduerial, my first husband, my eternal mate, my everlasting hate. I had never loved him, not for a single second in all those thousands of years. With every new lover I took, I wiped away a layer of his aberrant memory.

Kill him; I willed Grace even though I didn't mean it. I wanted that monster wiped off the earth with such a ferocious hatred that I didn't think twice about what I was asking of her. It was too late. She acted as an extension of my body. Grace bared her teeth and leaped at Jaduerial. He took only one step back as Grace sank her teeth into his neck.

Kill him; The black-haired boy with the sunglasses went down easily. Much too easily.

I pushed myself to my feet as Grace look up from the boy's severed neck arteries.

"Ailith," a voice appeared in my mind. "My life is over, but yours needs to go on."

I saw her body crumble to dust in the sun. No, more than that, it burned with blue fire. Demon fire. The flickering flames trailed from the boy's hand as he bled out from the wound in his neck.

I kneeled beside him and saw that his sunglasses had been knocked off his face. His blue-green eyes were fixated on me as though my presence there brought him comfort. I placed my hand over his neck as I had seen Levett do for Joseph. The blood continued to pour from the wound.

"Who are you?" I suddenly, unthinkingly, asked. "Do I know you?"

Levett came up from behind me and wrapped his arms around me. He dragged me away from the boy's body. Amari went to his side. She was cupping her mouth with one hand as though she couldn't believe what had happened. As Levett put distance between us, the entire scene faded from view. Yet the red warmth of his blood lingered on my hands.

"No one of any importance to you anymore," Levett whispered into my ear. "Let's go. We need to get you to safety."

Who was he? Why did he have my son's eyes?

Who was he? Why did he have my son's eyes? "He's no one. Just an orphan boy." Levett said with difficulty. "No one at all."

Don't you remember? Jaduerial's voice echoed in my mind . You said you would sacrifice one life for another.

Don't you remember? . You said you would sacrifice one life for another. As I allowed Levett to wrap his arm around my waist and drag me away from the unmoving body on the sandy riverbank, I couldn't look away. It was as though, somehow, despite everything I knew, everything I had figured out under those waters — there was still something I hadn't pieced together. And at that final moment when it truly mattered, I had made the wrong choice.





Chapter 33





Chapter 33

Chapter 33 A HELICOPTER appeared in the clearing just beyond the lake. A woman with fear in her eyes approached me. She covered me with a gray wool blanket. I felt the gesture was borne out of a desire to keep me concealed instead of any genuine concern over how sopping wet I was. I recognized her, but it took a second to pinpoint her name. So many lifetimes and so many names had flashed across my eyes while I under the waters of the lake that the details of this life were hard to recall. As she proceeded to rub the blanket over my dripping hair, I finally remembered. We met on the beach in Miami. She wasn't wearing her white labcoat anymore. Now she was dressed in an ill-fitting black suit. I thought the lab coat looked more natural on her.

A HELICOPTER "Orienne," Dr. Lemeris said in a patient and soothing tone. "It is time for you to come home with us to Lykos. We have waited thousands of years for your return."

Holly approached me but stopped short of touching me. She just stood and glared at Dr. Lemeris and the rest of her Levanti coworkers who were standing guard. Up ahead, I saw the treetops shaking with the wind generated by their helicopters.

"Ailtih," a man said as he stepped out from behind the strangers. My eyes widen at the sight of him. I would recognize his scruffy uneven beard anywhere. It was my father. My eyes teared up at the sight of him, but I stopped short of running to him. I could tell from the way he was dressed that he was one of them, the Levanti. He abandoned our family back in Windflower Springs. Now, he shows up to save the day? After everything? How dare he!

When I adverted my eyes from him, Holly nudged me in the shoulder. I couldn't believe she was hinting that I should go to him! As the seconds ticked by, I finally dropped the smelly wool blanket to my shoulders and looked back at my father. I felt like I was seeing him for the first time through my identity. He was looking back at me with a kind of deference, as though he too recognized that I was something more than just his long-neglected daughter.

For as long as I could remember, my father was an abnormally skinny man with a weary face. He was probably attractive when he was younger, but old age had grayed his hair and left him with a scruffy, wrinkled, perpetually frowning face. He had a small smile over his thin lips as I met his eyes. His yellow teeth were visible under his dark purple lips. He came over and offered me his open hand. "Let's go. These people are our friends. Holly can come too. We'll be safe where they are taking us."

I reached out and gave my father a single shaking hand. He smiled wider, as though he didn't expect me to accept his offer. He reached around me and hugged me in a way that seemed both awkward and impersonal.

"You're going to be fine, Ailith. These are good people."

"Grace is dead," I said bluntly. "So is mom."

"I know." My father's indifferent tone of voice told me he already knew, and he didn't care. "I'm just happy you're alive."

~*~

"Maybe, when Meng Po served me the Tea of Forgetfulness in the afterlife, I didn't drink it," I joked as we boarded the helicopter. "But you know this, didn't you, dad? That when I woke up from that surgery when I was a kid, I wasn't quite the same? Did you grieve for your daughter Ailith?"

Meng Po "You are Ailith," my father stated. "You're hysterical."

are "Am I?" I asked, my voice deep and hollow. I realized that it was a voice I hadn't heard before, a wise voice that echoed over the centuries. My father seemed to respond to it better. It was as though for once, he was obeying me — instead of the other way around.



"You're a little more than Ailith now," he replied with a curt nod of his head. "You're Orienne, goddess, and mother to us all."

"Yes," I replied in a tired voice. "A goddess who can't seem to die."

When my father didn't answer, he didn't react to my accusation; I turned back to Holly.

"Ailith Ying is dead," I informed her. My voice started to tremble as I confessed to her that I am not the person she thought I was. I was definitely not the quiet, shy —unforgivably nerdy —girl she fell in love with. "When my father and these people, the Levanti, implanted those KoRi cells in my heart, Ailith died. I took over her body, and I became Ailith Ying. I realized underneath those waters today that I'm an imposter."

"You're the only Ailith she's ever known," Dr. Lemeris offered. "Nothing has to change."

"But that's the thing; everything has changed!" I snapped back at her. I reached for Holly's hand and squeezed. An image appeared in my memory of a rose garden growing among giant weeping willow trees. In a past life, I planted that garden to cover the graves of the children I lost.

"About that garden with the chrysanthemums, I finally remember what it means. It is where I buried my stillborn children in a garden in my past life. You see, Jadueriel cursed me never to have children. But he failed. In my last life, I had a son. My son was sick. He had a fatal disease that would have killed him before he grew up into a man. I lured him into drinking the Black Waters to prolong his life. I didn't do just that. I encouraged him to sell it, to infect others, until the waters became a cancer on humanity. In my past lives, I created the Lumins, Yageron, all of them. Now, this thing that is happening to humanity; it is my doing."

Holly swallowed and nodded at me. Her lowered eyes said that she thought I had lost my mind. I turned back to the scene down below.

"Oh, you can't blame yourself, Orienne," Dr. Lemeris said curtly. "It is the fault of all of humankind giving in to their greed. That's why Jaduerial returned to end us all."

There were only peaceful ripples on the surface of that lake where I had nearly drowned. Staring into those waters, I finally spoke to Dr. Lemeris again.

"Why did Orienne leave Jaduerial?" I asked. "Was she in love with another?"

"No," Dr. Lemeris said. "She miscarried, and she stole the elixir of immortality and went to the underworld to find the soul of her unborn child. They say she never found her child. As you said, Jaduerial cursed her, and she could never bear any more children."

"Sounds like he was really into you," Holly said.

"Maybe, but Orienne never loved Jaduerial. She didn't love any man," I replied. "She was like Lilith; no one could tame her."

"Yes," Dr. Lemeris said. "At first, I feared Jaduerial's return, but now we have you here with us. Your awakening means everything to us. You've come back at last. It's time to make the world anew."

Make the world anew? Or to end it? I didn't understand her words and the looks of satisfaction in her beady eyes. Little did she know, the last thing Ailith Ying wanted was to remake the world. Orienne was inside me, but she was also just a ghost of ages past. I had been Ailith for the past two decades, and I just wanted to save the one I loved. That person was the girl sitting beside me with the caramel highlights in her straight black hair. I loved her more than a desire to settle an ancient grudge.

"Who was that boy to you?" Holly asked.

I placed my hand on the window of the helicopter.

"I don't know," I answered. "Maybe in time, I'll remember."

As I closed my eyes. I did remember. Ian was short for Sebastian; he was my sickly child's son. My grandson.

I killed him. That was what Jaduerial wanted all along. He spared my son, but the price was Ian's life. He wanted me to do it. To kill my own flesh and blood. That was Jaduerial's plan and his revenge.

"I love you," I mouthed to Holly as the lake disappeared from view. I reached for Holly's hand, but instead, she leaned over and kissed my lips. As she stroked my cheek with her thumb, I saw the edges of her lips quiver. It was as though she was being forced to speak words that were not her own.

"As I said, my dear, when we meet again, you'll be more loving."

THE END

THE END

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Darkly Devoted Series




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Thank you for reading this book! I know this ending was open-ended and it was meant to be.

If you want to read more stories set in Manna City, check out the Darkly Devoted series. To avoid confusion, I will state here that the characters from this book are NOT from that series.

If you want to read more stories set in Manna City, check out the Darkly Devoted series. To avoid confusion, I will state here that the characters from this book are NOT from that series. I have an excerpt here from Darkly Deceived , Part 2 of the Darkly Devoted Series. Darkly Deceived is FREE to read. Just click on my profile to read it.

Darkly Deceived Darkly Deceived Darkly Devoted Part 1 is in the Paid program. As always, it would be best to start with book one if you are able to.

Darkly Devoted Part 1 DARKLY DECEIVED

DARKLY DECEIVED BLAKE WAS watching her from his window again. The tutor's daughter was climbing the trees outside and squealing like a pig as she jumped into the leaves below. When he first laid eyes on her, he was fascinated by how unladylike and feral she was, like no young woman he had ever seen. She was certainly nothing like the proper, upper-class girl he was betrothed to. Eden looked as though her every movement belonged in a Gainsborough painting.

BLAKE WAS "Master Thorne," his French lecturer said, interrupting his thoughts. "Would you like something to be done about those unruly children?"

Blake dismissed the professor's concerns with a wave of his hand. He was only eleven, but his teachers knew to respect his commands. Ever since his father died, his mother had been trying to occupy his every moment with a parade of subjects from Latin to anatomy, calculus to art history. He felt it was an attempt to distract him from his physical defects and his general loneliness.

He hadn't really known his father, children of his class and birthright seldom did. What he did know, he had learned from his father's faithful servants. All he knew was that his father was an important man and he had been horribly wronged. Blake often envied the tutor's daughter. She was outside making castles out of leaves while her father stuttered through another useless lesson. What did that old fool teach again?

Blake closed his book and stood up. On most days, he was able to manage to get around with a cane. On other days, he still needed his wheelchair. He went to the window and leaned outside. "Vivienne," he yelled. "Fighting imaginary dragons again?"

Vivienne pointed a broken branch at him "Come and play with me, Blake. We can go chase your mother's bulldogs."

Blake smiled at her, despite himself. "You know I can't," he answered. "Why don't you go ahead and tell me about it?"

"No, come with me," Vivienne yelled back, stretching out her muddy hand. "You know you want to."

He did want to, more than anything. He knew if he did, he would come back covered in mud and it would infuriate his mother. It was unbecoming of a boy of his breeding to climb the ancient trees and wander through the muddy river banks. Although, there was something he could do, from where he stood. Blake smiled back at Vivienne, and slowly the tip of her branch started to glow gold.



"Master Thorne!" A voice beside him hissed. Blake looked up and saw Lichtus shaking his head. Winick had been the head butler to his father before his untimely death. Now, Lichtus had been promoted to his right-hand man. It was just as well, as the new Lord Thorne was an eleven-year-old boy. Winick's son, Glenn, was a boy only a couple of years older than Blake. He was every inch the butler in training to Lichtus since his father died. "She's an outsider. You know better than to reveal certain things to her," Lichtus said. "Come along; let's go back to your lessons."

"Am I supposed to spend my entire life with dusty old books like a prisoner?" Blake asked. "At least with my condition, my life won't be a long one."

"You don't smile at Eden the way you smile at her," Glenn noted with a boyish grin. He looked as though he was playing dress-up in a white tie butler outfit. "Why don't you go say hello?"

Blake shook his head and went back to sitting at his corner with his pencils and paper. He turned his back to his servants and hunched over, shutting them out. He heard them leave the room and then a few minutes later, the study door opened again and a small figure crept towards him. Vivienne appeared and kneeled down by his side. Her gray stockings were covered with holes, and there was practically a bird's nest of leaves in her hair, but he felt his mood lifting as he saw her.

"Blake," Vivienne whispered excitedly. "One of your maids let me sneak up here. I haven't seen you in days. Are you okay?"

"I have things I need to do," Blake said, as he kept his head down. "I can't just go running wild outside with you all the time."

"What are you drawing?" Vivienne asks as she reached for his paper with her grimy fingers.

"No, stop," Blake caught her hand and paused. Her palms were ice cold. He tried to warm her fingers with his palms, but he knew it was a different kind of coldness that no amount of fire can heat.

Blake hadn't told anyone, but he had been drinking the Dark Waters that his father had left behind. Small amounts, nothing to draw suspicion. His father had strictly forbidden him from it, but doing so allowed him to go outside for once. Was it so wrong to want to a little bit of joy for himself for once? The coldness of her touch made the darkness stir inside of him, as though it was answering to her call.

"Your hands are so cold," he said. "Are they always like that?"

"Yeah," Vivienne said with a laugh. "That's just the way I am. My dad says my touch is like ice, to match my chilly eyes." Vivienne curled up against his body and leaned her cheek on his shoulder. "You're warm. Maybe I'll steal some of your heat."

Blake slowly, awkwardly wrapped one of his arms around her. He wasn't sure what to make of her words. He knew how to help her, but he wasn't sure if he should. From the beginning, he had been born with the power of the Segais; it was a form of white magic that had been in his family for generations. It was a blessing fate had given him perhaps to make up for his physical disabilities. He could sense the darkness inside of her, and if he only gave her his power, he could bind it. In that minute he decided to do it. Maybe it was fate that brought her to him. She needed something from just as he needed something from her. It was just as well, if he kept drinking the Dark Waters, he would grow physically stronger but his white magic would grow weaker.

Briefly, he wondered if he should ask Lichtus for advice but then immediately decided against it. Those old fools, they were so attached to their rules and their traditions. They just wanted him to sit in his wheelchair, stay indoors, marry Eden, and die in peace in his bed. For a moment, he just wanted to make his own decisions and perhaps even carve out a piece of the world that was his alone.

"I can help you if you let me," he told her. "I can keep you warm even from afar. But in return, can you do a favor for me?"

Vivienne nodded. "I'll do anything for you, Blake but only if you promise to come out and play with me again."

Blake found the cameo necklace from where he had hidden it in the bookshelf. Holding it before, her he saw her ghostly blue eyes light up. He knew she would recognize it. He had kept it since she had found it in the attic where they first bumped into each other. Wrapping it around her dirty, grass-stained, wrist — he smiled at her.

"I'll give you my warmth if you agree always to be mine, Vivienne. You'll take this necklace and keep it on you always."

There was so much he wanted to tell her, but he knew he couldn't. As much as he was fond of her, Lichtus was right. She was an outsider. She'll never understand the burden of his namesake, of the history of his house, and of the legacy his father left behind. It was by luck that she had found him. His family always had a healing power in their bloodline, the ability to suppress the demonic. From the Dark Waters, the Segais trees grow, creating life from death. As he passed the powers of the Segais into her, he saw the chain of the cameo necklace slowly turn gold. So, the fairy tales were true. With the bond between demon and human, their innate powers were also as one.

"If I agree, then you can come out to play?"

"Yes," Blake said as he knew he couldn't resist the lure of the demonic powers of the Dark Waters that could heal him. "Then, I can come out and play."





