Introduction


Title: Valeria Torres and the Midas Vault

Copyright by: Rogue705

As published in: https://www.wattpad.com/story/218892403-valeria-torres-and-the-midas-vault

Synopsis: 🌟2020 Watty's Winner🌟 A sixteen-year-old orphan, hoping to find a new family, joins a faction of Rogues and becomes vital in their conflict with a rival faction. *** For as long as she can remember, Valeria Torres has always been the girl no one cared about. Having immigrated to the United States as a child after her parents' deaths, she tried to play by the rules as she navigated orphanages, homelessness, and a juvenile detention center. But her luck is about to change. Valeria discovers the Rogue Faction; a group of outlaws who use real world and mystical talents to steal from the wicked and give to the poor. Things seem to click into place as she joins a new family in New York City, goes back to school, trains as a Rogue, and makes new friends. But when Valeria discovers that two of her new friends are teenagers from a rival faction, she finds herself thrust into the middle of a conflict that could determine the fate of the world. ------------------ A story that combines elements of Harry Potter, Batman, and Robin Hood with a unique female protagonist in a GxBxG love triangle. Winner of a 2020 Watty Award, with the following review: "It's super original, and dang, it's got so much heart. We love all the characters and their relationships. The plot covers difficult topics, but handles everything so well. You can't not fall in love with this story. We love the LGTBQ2+ and Hispanic main character as well!" [Updates] *3rd place in Adventure Category for the 2020 Ocean Pearl Awards! *Selected for the @BootcampMentors program by TeaNHeartache! *1rst place in Fantasy and honorable mention for the 2020 Rose gold awards! *1rst Place in Adventure for the 2020 Diluculum Awards *1rst Place in Adventure for the 2020 Red Cloak Awards *2020 Watty Award Winner for Science Fiction! (Even though I entered it as more of Urban Fantasy ;)





Valeria Torres and the Midas Vault


Introduction

Chapters Author's note

Author's Note Part 2: Playlist

Chapter 1: The Girl No One Cared About

Chapter 2: Masters of Stealth

Chapter 3: The Hall of Shadows

Chapter 4: The Sovereign

Chapter 5: The Accommodating Ceremony

Chapter 6: The House Rules

Chapter 7: Balancing the Scales

Chapter 8: Mother of Exiles

Chapter 9: Back to School

Chapter 10: The Walk Home

Chapter 11: The Rival Faction

Chapter 12: The Grove

Chapter 13: The Upside of Anger

Chapter 14: Out of Sight

Chapter 15: Rogue Training

Chapter 16: Harai-Goshi

Chapter 17: Misdirection and Survival

Chapter 18: The Tyrells

Chapter 19: The Promise

Chapter 20: The Two Sovereigns

Chapter 21: The Strange Vault

Chapter 22: The Meeting Under the White Pine

Chapter 23: Self Defense

Chapter 24: The Prophecy

Chapter 25: The Diary of a Mad Assassin Woman

Chapter 26: Respect Is The Ultimate Currency

Chapter 27: The Kidnapping of Sai Gupta

Chapter 28: The Skirmish

Chapter 29: The Midas Vault

Chapter 30: Deja Vu

Chapter 31: Stay or Go

Chapter 32: The Hard Truth





Author's note


[Theme song above- Written in the Stars - Tinie Tempah ft. Eric Turner]

_______________________________

Note: her name is pronounced :

Note: her name is pronounced Vah-Larry-ahh

Vah-Larry-ahh _________________________________

Hello everyone!

Finally got around to making a more official note before you begin Valeria's story. First, and foremost, I wanted to thank the staff at Wattpad for selecting Valeria's story as one of the winners of the 2020 Watty Awards! (For Sci-Fi) To recap, they picked her story because:

"It's super original, and dang, it's got so much heart. We love all the characters and their relationships. The plot covers difficult topics, but handles everything so well. You can't not fall in love with this story. We love the LGTBQ2+ and Hispanic main character as well!"

I'd also like to thank all the people who helped shape Valeria's story into the one you're about to read. I have to thank @TeaNHeartache, my Watty Bootcamp Mentor, whose suggestions really helped redefine the maturity level and voice of the protagonist. I'd also like to thank @Fallynsinclair and @VeraAnneWolf, two of the original Beta readers, who also helped Valeria find her voice. This is one of the most important aspects of this story, as voices like Valeria's are often misunderstood, marginalized, or disregarded.

While I do understand that some of the mature topics of this story might trigger some readers, I think it's important to realize that there are teenagers out there who have the same experiences as Valeria. While these traumatic experiences are part of Valeria's story, they do not define her, or stop her from becoming an unstoppable force throughout the story.

I have included some formalities below, but ultimately, I hope you enjoy her story!

-CML

1. Do not repost this on any other sites. This story belongs on Wattpad and no where else. If you find this story on another site, it is most likely a pirated version and should be avoided.

2. While the story mentions issues of racism and sexism, no racist or sexist comments will be tolerated and will be deleted.

3. This story overtly addresses issues of racism and sexism and drug use (marijuana, no hard drugs), while discretely addressing issues of abuse and addiction. These topics may be triggering for some readers – you have been warned.

4. None of the images in the chapter headings are my own. I have mainly borrowed generic images from google, while the cover art is a deviant artwork by NanFe.





Author's Note Part 2: Playlist


A couple of readers have asked me what songs I used for inspiration while writing this story (prompts). The theme song I mentioned previously (Written in the Stars) was the most important, but I decided to include a music playlist below. I hope you enjoy the music and the story!

1. Written in the Stars - Tinie Tempah ft. Eric Turner.

2. Doin' Time - Sublime

3. Smooth - Santana ft. Rob Thomas

4. Empire State of Mind - Jay-Z ft Alicia Keys

5. Lapdance - N.E.R.D.

6. Renegades - X Ambassadors

7. Havana - Camilla Cabello

8. I Knew You Were Trouble - Taylor Swift

9. We Will Rock You - Queen

10. Promiscuous - Nelly Furtado ft. Timbaland

11. Bidi Bidi Bom Bom - Selena

12. Waiting for Tonight - Jennifer Lopez

13. Renegade Runaway - Carrie Underwood

14. The Middle - Zedd ft Maren Morris and Grey

15. I Like it - Enrique Inglesias ft. Pitbull

16. Get By - Talib Kweli

17. Something Just Like This - Coldplay ft. The Chainsmokers

18. This Is Me - The Greatest Showman Soundtrack

19. Reach - Gloria Estefan





Hope you enjoy!





Chapter 1: The Girl No One Cared About




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Alright ladies! Inspection time!"

Sixteen-year-old Valeria Torres looked up from her novel and groaned. While the other girls in orange jumpsuits began panicking and hustling to hide their contraband, she did not. In the eyes of the guards, the girls at the center, and everyone else – nothing she did or said mattered, and she certainly didn't have anything valuable to protect – she never had.

She held the book at her side as she stood by her cot, surveying the overcrowded room that had served as her home intermittently over the past two years. The room was mostly unadorned; it lacked any real furniture, and the lone window near the ceiling was surrounded by brick walls covered in peeling paint. Girls stood by their beds, and their behaviors varied as the two guards entered the room.

Some of the girls hurled obscenities and taunts at them, while others smiled and offered more seductive nicknames. Valeria's stomach lurched at the latter. While the thought of male guards taking advantage of young vulnerable girls was disgusting enough, for Valeria, there was more to it than that. Something... personal .

personal Valeria's cot was near the back of the room and was the last to be searched. She studied the two guards as they approached. One was light skinned, overweight, and short. The other was tall, skinny, and had the gross habit of scratching his butt in front of them all the time. And thus, Valeria had come up with their nicknames: Bigs and Wedgie.

"Last, but not least, we have our little escape artist," Bigs said as he approached.

Wedgie upended her cot's mattress and started tearing it apart. "What's her name again?" he asked, inspecting her pillowcase.

"It doesn't matter," Bigs said, eyeing the book in her hands. "She's nothing but a penny thief. Speaking of which, I'm guessing you stole this from the library. Give it here."

Valeria shook her head. Part of her refusal was personal. She had grown attached to the character in the story. He was an orphan like her, but more importantly, he started off as a kid no one cared about, and that hit close to home. But there was another reason she had refused. A more... strategic one.

strategic "Maybe you don't understand," Bigs growled, his face inches away from her own. "You do what I tell you to do! But maybe you're deaf? Dumb? Or maybe you just no understand English?"

I speak English just fine, asshole , Valeria thought to herself. She met his eyes with a defiant stare and waited patiently. When he tried to steal the book from her, she used one hand to cradle it like a football, and the two of them struggled for a moment.

I speak English just fine, asshole "Give me a hand here, Wiggins!" Bigs yelped.

The other guard grabbed Valeria from behind, and the three of them tussled. Once her plan had succeeded, she released the book. The two guards took a moment to catch their breath as they moved in front of her and studied the cause of the commotion.



"Aren't you a little old to be reading this?" Bigs asked, holding up the book.

Valeria remained silent; she didn't feel obligated to respond. Plus, her focus was on something else – something she stole during the commotion. Wedgie's key-ring was bulky in her hands, and she did her best to steady them so they didn't make a sound.

"Whatever," Bigs said, turning away. He placed her book in the box with the other contraband, picked it up and yelled, "Alright ladies! Line up by the door. It's time for breakfast!"

The other girls filed into a line, and Valeria made sure to be last. She had expected the guards waiting for them by the exit, but they weren't the only ones there. A short, elderly lady yawned by the doorway. Valeria recognized her, the penguin-like woman had been her probation officer over the past two years. But there was another man standing next to her, one she had never seen before.

The man was tall, with black hair interspersed with grey. Based on his semi-formal attire, Valeria would have guessed he was a lawyer, but something about his face suggested otherwise. He had olive colored skin, a wide set jaw, and dark eyes that watched her every move. It was hard to pin down what troubled her about him. But she recognized the subtle smirk tugging at the corner of his mouth.

Valeria had seen a smile like that once before. She remembered how she had felt in that moment two years ago. She had finally felt visible. Important. Special. But it had all been a lie. The man she expected to be her new father figure back then didn't see her that way at all.

I was an object to him , Valeria thought to herself. I was just another possession. Nothing more .

I was an object to him was just another possession. Nothing more Valeria watched their new guest from the back of the line until he broke eye contact with her, turned to the probation officer, and whispered something. Afterward, he collided with Officer Bigs and almost knocked the box of contraband out of his hand.

While the collision appeared harmless and accidental, Valeria swore she saw something else. A flash of movement too subtle for an untrained eye to notice. But she knew the man had grabbed something and held it behind his back. This was ironic; she was concealing a set of keys behind her back. When she reached the exit, the probation officer motioned for Valeria and the other guard to stop. They were the only ones left in the room, and the elderly woman nodded at the guard as she spoke.

something her "Thank you, Officer Wiggins. I have a special visitor for you today, Valeria," she said, motioning to the other man. "This is your uncle, Luis."

This was a lie. Valeria had no Uncle Luis, and while it was tempting to expose this smug figure's charade, she decided it might be fun to mess with him first. She offered a fake smile as she said, "Encantada de conocerte, extrano. Nunca tuve un tio." Nice to meet you, stranger. I've never had an uncle before.

Nice to meet you, stranger. I've never had an uncle before. The man smiled back. "Igualmente, Valeria, y lo haces ahora." Nice to meet you too, Valeria, and you do now.

Nice to meet you too, Valeria, and you do now. Valeria looked up with surprise. The man's smirk had widened, but she didn't get a chance to reply before the probation officer came between them.

"Looks like you two are getting along," she croaked. "Could I ask that you speak in English please?"

"Yes," the man named Luis said. "I was just saying that I haven't seen her since she was a little girl. Right, Valeria?"

Valeria paused. He had answered with another lie. A smooth one that showcased just how charming – and deceptive he could be. She swallowed a lump in the back of her throat before finally deciding to play along. "Yes, it's been a long time."

"If you don't mind," Luis said as he turned to the probation officer, "I would like a moment to speak with my niece alone."

The elderly lady frowned. "We normally don't leave the delinquents alone with family members and..."



"I only need a moment," Luis pleaded as he leaned closer to the probation officer and whispered in her ear. His whisper was louder than it needed to be, loud enough for her to hear him. "The girl's mother was recently diagnosed with cancer."

"Oh my," the probation officer replied. "Of course. I'll be right outside. The guard and I need to leave the door open, but please take all the time you need."

"Thank you," Luis said with a smile.

Valeria watched them leave, before turning back to the man, her fake grin replaced by a scowl. "My mom died when I was five," she whispered.

"So I've read," Luis said, inspecting the sole dirty window nearby. "That was...ten years ago?"

Valeria's emotions welled up inside as she pictured her mother; she was alive in her dreams, and dead in her nightmares. "Eleven," Valeria replied. "Cut the crap. Who are you?"

"Someone who thinks you have a lot of potential ," Luis said, his attention focused on the world outside the window.

potential "Potential, huh?" Valeria asked with a frown. "Well, you're potentially some creep who abducts young girls from detention centers."

potentially "Trust me," Luis said with a laugh, "If I wanted to kidnap you, I would have already."

Valeria raised an eyebrow. "Thanks, that's really comforting. So, you're offering me a choice huh?"

"You can either come with me," Luis said as he turned and faced her, "Or you can use those keys behind your back to escape again."

The words hit Valeria like a bolt of lightning. Of course, she was shocked that Luis knew about the keys she stole from Wedgie. She didn't know how long he and the probation officer had been waiting near the exit, but the fact that he witnessed her theft from all the way across the room was extraordinary.

But there was another issue that rattled her. This man clearly wanted to leave the building with her. Just like... he did. Valeria trembled as she thought of her previous foster father. The one who promised to look after her. Who promised she was special...and had betrayed her trust.

he "You saw me take them?" Valeria asked, her voice trembling. "Why didn't you say anything to the guard?"

Luis shrugged. "Where's the fun in that? You're quick, but you could be faster. I could teach you a lot of...what do you kids call it? Mad skills ?"

Mad skills Valeria was caught off guard by this response. She had expected flattering words, empty promises, but not this. This man wanted to teach her things? That was different. Maybe he was different too. She studied him curiously and asked, "What are you? Some kind of expert thief or something?"

"There's a lot more to it than just that," Luis said with a laugh.

"Feel free to clarify."

"You've always been quick and elusive," he continued while pacing with his hands behind his back, "but no matter how often you escape, you always feel trapped. With the right type of training, you can become invisible and free. Just like...oh I don't know...maybe Batman?"

Any lingering fear or anxiety Valeria possessed dissipated upon hearing this. She had heard some whoppers in her day, but this lie took the cake. She tilted her head back and laughed as she exclaimed, "What a load of crap!"

Temporarily distracted, Valeria barely noticed one of the light bulbs shattering above. She looked for Luis, but he had vanished. Her search was interrupted by a gentle tug on the hands behind her back.

"This is no joke, kiddo ," Luis said from behind her.

kiddo Valeria turned and gasped after noticing the key ring he stole from her. He let it jingle around one of his index fingers, the other hand still hiding something behind his back.

Valeria's eyes went wide. "Whoa! How'd you do that?"

"Come with me, and I'll show you."

There it was again. The offer to go with him. Valeria was tempted to drop everything and agree to leave this horrible place. But she was smarter than that. She knew there were horrible places out there too. Prisons worse than this one.

Frowning, she asked, "Who are you? More importantly, why should I leave with you... Batman ?"

Batman Luis laughed while twirling the key-ring around his exposed hand. "You can call me Frank, and no, I'm not Batman. Let's just say, our kind aren't as respected as the Caped Crusader."

" Our kind ?" Valeria asked with intrigue. "What does that mean?"

Our kind "It means you're special, Valeria. I've read your file, and I know you've been alone most of your life. I know you've been mistreated, cast aside, and taken advantage of. But I'm offering you the chance to be part of something special."

"What makes you think I want to be special?" Valeria asked. Her shoulders slouched and she let out a sigh. "Maybe I'm perfectly okay with being a girl that no one cares about."

Luis – or Frank was it? – chuckled under his breath. "Maybe that's true. But let me ask this: If you really wanted to be boring and unimportant, then why bother reading this?"

Valeria's eyes widened as he finally revealed the other object he'd been hiding behind his back. She looked over at the worn paperback novel longingly, tempted to snatch it back.

"A little below your reading level," Frank said, holding up the novel and inspecting its pages.

"You'd be surprised," Valeria shot back. "They barely give us reading material suited for eleven-year-olds. Give it back."

Frank shook his head and continued flipping through pages. "Hmm... sounds familiar. Another kid no one cared about. But, he wasn't boring and unimportant. Turns out he was incredibly special. One has to wonder, though, what would have happened if Harry had turned Hagrid down, and didn't agree to go with him?"

"What are you getting at?" Valeria asked, her voice ripe with skepticism.

Frank shut the book and held it in one hand, while he held the set of keys in the other. "I've read about your other foster parents. I know they...mistreated you, to put it lightly. But I'm different, and I'll prove it. While they simply took you away, I am willing to offer you a choice." He held up the set of keys first. "Take the keys, escape, and make your way in the unfair world you already know. Or," he said while holding up the Harry Potter book, "Take a chance on me, and I'll show you a different world. One where you can feel unique, powerful, and most importantly – appreciated ."

appreciated Valeria's anxiety flared as she weighed both options. Her hands trembled, and her mouth had gone dry. She opened her mouth to speak, but nothing came out. She was afraid of being used again. Of being hurt again. But that fear felt lighter and less important than a deeper fear – a fear of missing out.

What if he was telling the truth? What if she had a chance to finally become important? Respected? Even... loved ?

loved "There's not much time before they come back," Frank said, juggling his hands back and forth. "What's it gonna be?"

Valeria clenched her sweaty palms and closed her eyes. She took a slow deep breath before opening them again. She met his gaze, made her choice, and reached for one of his hands.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 2: Masters of Stealth


"You hungry, kiddo?"

Valeria looked over at Frank suspiciously as he opened the front passenger door of his car. They stood outside the detention center, his green sedan parked in the parking lot. She maintained her distance, studying him with suspicious glances. "Yeah. But I'm not getting in that car with you. Aren't you supposed to be some kind of wizard? Can't you just teleport us out of here?"

Frank laughed. "I never said I was a wizard. There's roads where we're going, so hop in."

Valeria shook her head. She tried to act defiant, but deep down - she was still afraid. "I thought you're not supposed to get in cars with strangers?"

"You're mostly right. I would say it's not wise to get in a stranger's car unarmed. I can fix that." He reached for something on his belt and offered it.

When Valeria looked down, she realized he held a knife with the blade in his hand, and the handle extended toward her. She carefully grabbed the odd knife and pocketed it. She reached for the rear passenger door, but Frank stopped her.

"Nah-ah, kiddo. Always sit up front, where you can see the driver's hands."

Valeria nodded before sitting in the front passenger seat. Frank closed her door, walked around to the driver's seat, and sat down. She marveled at how he simply started the car without batting an eyelash. "Aren't you worried I'll stab you?"

He laughed. "Nope. Hungry for anything in particular?"

Valeria shook her head and said, "Whatever you suggest, Mr. Luis."

"Name's Frank. I know a decent diner up ahead, if that's okay with you?"

"Sure," Valeria replied with little interest. She anticipated Frank trying to engage her in conversation, but he never did. They sat in the car silently for the next ten minutes until they pulled up to a rundown diner.

She followed him inside, and watched him flash a charming smile at the hostess."Table for two please."

The hostess winked at Frank before leading them to a nearby booth. As they both sat down, he looked up at the hostess with that same smooth smile.

"Pardon me...Dolores?" he asked. "I know this isn't your job, but could I trouble you for a cup of coffee while we wait for our waitress? I've been up all-night packing, so my daughter here could make it in time for college orientation."

The hostess swooned over him. "Sure thing, hon. I'll be right back."

Valeria crossed her arms after the hostess left. "You're pathetic."

"No, I'm charismatic."

"What does that mean?"

Frank leaned forward and planted both hands on the table. "It means I've got Game, Mojo, or whatever you kids call it. We used to just call it charm. "

charm. The hostess returned with a pot of coffee, mugs, and poured them both a cup.

As the hostess filled her cup, Valeria looked up at her with a frown. "So...you think my dad is charming?"

The hostess looked taken aback. "Well, you could say that. He reminds me of a younger George Clooney back in the Ocean's Eleven days. Your mom is a lucky woman."

Valeria noticed Frank smiling at the hostess, but he didn't offer a reply. Watching the two of them for a moment, she suddenly had an idea. She brought both hands up to her face and attempted fake sobs. She knew this performance wouldn't win an academy award - but it would do the trick nonetheless.

"My goodness," the hostess said with a concerned tone. "What's wrong dear?"

Valeria wiped her eyes and looked up. "My mom died last year. She was really looking forward to this trip, and always said I'd be the first in the family to go to college."



The hostess padded her shoulder gently. "My goodness! I'm so sorry, dear. Here, let me get you a slice of pie – on the house."

Valeria nodded. "Apple pie, please?"

The hostess smiled and said, "Of course, I'll be right back."

Valeria kept up the sad display until the hostess left. She held up her coffee mug and winked at Frank, who simply beamed at her.

"See...you're a natural," Frank said, clanging his mug against hers.

"So," Valeria continued, "Are you going to tell me about this special world of yours now?"

Frank's smile faded. "Not here. But we can talk about it more on the road."

"So, what would you like to talk about?"

Frank lowered his mug and met her eyes with a serious expression. "I was hoping to talk about you."

"Talk about me?" She hadn't expected this response. She knew most adults liked to talk about themselves or give directions; do this, don't do that. No one had expressed genuine interest before, and while this new figure and his motives intrigued Valeria, she tried her best to not let it show. "You want to know what other talents I have?" she asked with a yawn.

"No, I already know you're talented," Frank replied with a flat tone. He perked up as he continued with, "Tell me what you like. Music? Sports? Movies?"

"Are you saying you want to get to know me?" She had intended to ask the question without letting any emotion seep through. But she could detect the uncertainty in her voice, and she was sure Frank could too.

"Yeah," Frank said with a nod, "I do."

"No one has cared about me. Not since my parents died, anyways." The words stung, but rung true. Valeria was beginning to come off the rails, but she didn't care. She was tired of playing this cat and mouse game with this man, and she decided to cut to the chase. Her voice quivered with anger and skepticism as she asked the question she'd been holding back the entire time. "Why am I important to you?"

Frank took a deep breath, and said, "This might sound a little creepy, but I've been watching you for a little over a month. Not in a stalker kind of way. More like a guardian angel kind of way -"

"That's not an answer," Valeria interrupted. "That's deflection."

"I wasn't finished," Frank continued. "Like every teenage girl nowadays; you're brash, self-centered, and disrespectful. But you're important because you're smart, good natured, and charming in your own way. In a lot of ways...you remind me of someone I used to know."

"Who?"

Frank struggled to produce a response, but stopped as the hostess returned with Valeria's slice of apple pie. He succeeded at charming the hostess even further, and persuaded the woman to take their main order. Their food came quickly, and Valeria dove into the piles of food like a wild animal.

It's been a long time since someone bought me a meal.

It's been a long time since someone bought me a meal. She noticed Frank watching her with a smile as she ate, and truly wondered what the man's motives were. Why would he be so nice to me? Is he actually caring, or is he using the same charming skills to manipulate me too?

Why would he be so nice to me? Is he actually caring, or is he using the same charming skills to manipulate me too? While they ate, Valeria tried her best to answer Frank's questions. She learned that he loved baseball, Sinatra, and mafia movies. In return, she revealed her passion for soccer, Camilla Cabello, and comic book movies. They found common ground on the comic book heroes when Frank told her he had been an avid comic book collector as a child. They continued their conversation in the car as Frank drove them to their destination, wherever that might be.



Sitting in the car for so long eventually became uncomfortable, so Valeria lifted her legs and crossed both feet on top of the dash. She expected Frank to scold her, but the man never did. Instead, he pointed at the silver anklet on her right ankle. "Thats nice. Did you steal it?"

"No," Valeria replied while looking over at the anklet and its intricate star and moon ornaments. "It was my Dad's."

"I see," Frank replied.

Valeria detected concern in his voice. She had tried to offer a plain and emotionless response. But she knew it wasn't easy to remain detached while discussing her dead parents.

After an awkward silence, Frank pointed to the windshield and asked, "First time seeing the NYC skyline?"

Valeria looked over at the skyscrapers materializing along the horizon. The sun had already begun to set, casting an orange glow across the massive skyscrapers as they drove closer to the city limits. "I saw it once when I was young."

"I always love seeing this skyline; it reminds me of all the possibilities this city has to offer."

Valeria rolled her eyes as she looked out the passenger window. She had heard all of this before. America: the land of opportunity. She knew the truth; the opportunity only existed for the few, and she didn't make that cut. "Maybe for someone like you," she said. "That city has nothing to offer someone like me."

"What makes you say that?" Frank asked.

"Immigrants like me aren't welcome there."

Frank laughed. "You're kidding, right? Almost half the city is filled with immigrants. Italian Americans like me, Latinos, African Americans, Asian Americans, you name it."

Valeria remembered their conversation back at the detention center. Frank had promised to introduce her to a new world, but she was skeptical. As Valeria looked over at the familiar buildings along the horizon, she asked, "So, New York is this special world you were talking about?"

"Part of it...yeah."

"And where do I fit into this world of yours?"

"I already told you that you're special, Valeria. While everyone else in the ordinary world may have abandoned or neglected you, people in my world will be fighting over the chance to welcome you into their home."

She blinked at him with a sudden sense of nostalgia.

Somebody told me that before.

Somebody told me that before. She regained her composure and returned to a defiant posture. "I seriously doubt that, Frank. No one has ever wanted to adopt me before. Why would they now?"

Frank eyed her curiously from the driver seat. "Because, you're unique. The French call it a je ne sais quoi. My Italian mother would say you've got the right amount of sauce, while my Jewish father would say you've got the right amount of chutzpah."

Valeria's expression softened. "I'm not really sure what those mean. What do you think of me?"

you "I think you're rough around the edges," Frank began with a sarcastic tone, before switching to a serious one. "But deep down, you've got the right amount of charm. Any family would be lucky to have you."

She gave him a weak smile.

I've never had anyone compliment me like that before. But I can't stop wondering if he's being sincere, or manipulative?

I've never had anyone compliment me like that before. But I can't stop wondering if he's being sincere, or manipulative? "You said I'll be learning new skills in your special world?" Valeria asked. "Define skills..."

"Most skills are based in the real world," Frank replied while focusing on the road. "While a few others are beyond your comprehension. Some might even call some of our talents... mystical ."

mystical

The word hit Valeria like a pile of bricks. She had already anticipated all different types of scenarios Frank would try to sell her, but not this one. She held up the Harry Potter book in her lap as she asked, "Mystical? You mean like magic? Don't tell me we're going to New York's version of Hogwarts?"

Frank laughed, and said, "Not a terrible guess. I already told you I'm not a wizard. But that doesn't mean there aren't other forms of magic. You really like reading those books, huh?"

"When trapped at a detention center," Valeria countered as she placed the book back in her lap, "I didn't have much else to do."

"Good point," Frank said, pausing a moment. "Well, I've got good and bad news for you. Arcane magic used to be real. Not anymore."

Valeria studied Frank silently a moment. She truly found him difficult to read. His comments could be portrayed as comedic, serious, or flat out crazy. If the latter were true, she needed to figure out the best way to respond without aggravating this psycho and giving him incentive to murder her. She picked the optimistically skeptical approach for now. "Uh huh. Sure."

"I wish I was kidding," Frank replied with a sigh, "But I'm not. The Mage Faction went extinct one thousand years ago."

Valeria bit her lip; the psycho scenario had become increasingly plausible. "The Mage Faction? What is that?" she asked, both trying to sound interested and casually reaching in her jacket pocket. Luckily, the knife Frank gave her was still there.

"Yep," Frank rambled on. "All your wizards, warlocks, enchanters...all gone. It's for the best honestly; they usually caused way too much trouble."

"That's too bad," Valeria replied, trying her best to mask her sarcasm.

"I'll let you read up on them and the other factions later."

"Other factions?" Valeria asked with surprise. This time, her response was genuine. "What other factions?"

Frank winked at her as he said, "All in good time."

"Are you in a...faction?"

"Uh huh," Frank replied with a wide grin. "The best one."

"What's yours?" While she was still overly skeptical, the disbelief was slowly being overtaken by curiosity. She waited for Frank to respond, but he remained silent while focusing on navigating. They were currently in some sort of tunnel, and she noticed a sign that read, 'Holland Tunnel.' Once they exited the tunnel and reached downtown Manhattan, Valeria felt her impatience take over. "Answer me! Don't make me stab you!"

Frank looked over at her with a sly grin. "You thought I was crazy, didn't you? Well now who's the crazy one threatening to stab an unarmed man?"

"I didn't think you were crazy -"

"You're a terrible liar, kiddo," Frank interrupted. "But don't worry - I'll give you a clue. Ask yourself: what do Robin Hood, Zorro, and Han Solo all have in common?"

Valeria responded with the first thing that came to mind. "They were all played by old guys."

Frank laughed. "I guess that's true; maybe I am getting old. Can you think of any other similarities?"

Valeria groaned as she looked out the window. "They were all outlaws."

"Exactly," Frank replied with enthusiasm. "They were men who decided to live by their own rules. They rejected the standards of the so-called normal society."

Valeria couldn't help but notice how these characters were all men. Surely, there must be some female outlaws worthy of mentioning. While she felt the urge to point this out, she decided to refrain for now. She knew Frank was getting close to presenting his employment opportunity, and unlike the crazier scenario he presented earlier, this one sounded more realistic. "If we followed their example, wouldn't that make us criminals?"

"Yes," Frank said with a sigh. "But being a criminal does not necessarily make a person evil. There is a difference."

"And what would that be?"

"Motivation," Frank said, taking a moment to look her way. "The reason a criminal chooses to break the law. Are you breaking it for your own gain, or for the sake of others?" he asked, before turning back to the road.

Valeria frowned. "Criminals don't care about other people."

"Some don't," Frank replied plainly. "Some do."

"Are you a criminal?"

"Yes," he replied with a devilish grin. "Does that frighten you?"

She smirked at him. "Not really. At least you're honest. So what? Are you going to teach me how to be a criminal?"

"No. I'm going to teach you how to become a Master of Stealth."

The words hung in the air for a long moment, as Valeria simply had no rational response to a title like that. Part of her felt like they were returning to the realm of crazy, while another part was intrigued. After careful contemplation, she settled for the only reasonable response. "What does that mean?"

Frank's face erupted into a devilish smile as he said, "Give me a few minutes to focus on navigating the East Side toward the Brooklyn Bridge. Once we're in Brooklyn, I'll tell you what it means. And I know you've been preparing yourself to be disappointed by the 'crazy' guy you just met. But I'll say this for now kiddo: I'm not crazy, and no matter how much you think you are - you are definitely not prepared for what's ahead."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 3: The Hall of Shadows


Valeria waited patiently as Frank navigated the way out of Manhattan, and into Brooklyn via the Brooklyn Bridge. While the skyline of Manhattan was mostly obscured by famous skyscrapers, the buildings in Brooklyn were less intimidating and clumped together around the cozy neighborhoods. Honestly, she was more interested in trying to decipher the cryptic clues Frank had offered then enjoying the views.

He wants me to become a Master of Stealth?

He wants me to become a Master of Stealth? Valeria had no idea what that meant. She remained silent as they entered Brooklyn - partially at Frank's request, but also of her own accord. She needed time to think, and formulate her next set of questions carefully.

"A penny for your thoughts?" Frank asked, breaking the comfortable silence.

Valeria settled for the most nuanced approach - the direct one. "Where are you taking me?"

"I'm taking you to our Faction Headquarters."

Valeria had so many questions to throw back at that response. What was this 'Faction', and what kind of people did it employ? What kind of structure would it be? Where was it located? But there was a bigger question that held more weight, and she started with this one first. "Why are you taking me to this place?"

Frank took a deep breath, and said, "Because I want to show you my world. If I just told you about it, you'd keep thinking I was crazy. Once you enter the building and see your peers in the flesh, you will understand that my world, and the people within it, are very real. Then you can decide if you want to join us."

Valeria had heard of these types of proposals before. She knew adults would recruit kids with all sorts of promises. A promise to find deliverance, a better life, a better understanding of reality, or an understanding of a higher power; whether it was divine or alien. No matter how hard Frank was about to try, Valeria was already set on refusing to join a cult today. But she figured she would at least hear him out, and let the man present his sales pitch. "Okay, Frank. Tell me, what types of people are in your faction?"

Frank smirked and said, "They're all Rogues. Like you and me."

Valeria stared at him with a dumbfounded expression. She had never heard of a Rogue Cult before. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't think of a pithy comeback.

"You heard me, Valeria. You're a Rogue."

"A Rogue?" Valeria asked, testing the word out in her own mouth. "What does that mean?"

Her query caused Frank to laugh - not a maniacal laugh - one that reflected mirth and enthusiasm."All of your escapes from the juvenile detention center were at night? Correct?"

"Yeah?" Valeria replied, her sarcasm laid thick. "It's easier to escape at night."

"Easier for you I'm sure," he said, a broad grin across his face. "Did you ever find it weird how you can see better at night than during the day?"

Valeria's eyes went wide before narrowing. Frank somehow knew this seemingly impossible statement was in fact...true. "How do you know that?"

Frank laughed again. "Have you ever wondered why you feel faster, stronger, and more adept at night?"

"I'm not sure if that's true," Valeria replied with a hint of disbelief. "Now I feel like you're going to tell me I'm a vampire."

"You're not a vampire," Frank replied, shaking his head. "I already told you, you're a Rogue."

"I still don't know what that means."

"Think of it this way: each Faction has its own form of magic and innate abilities. If your buddy Harry Potter went to magic school to learn how to master magic, then as a Rogue, you will have the opportunity to master stealth."



Valeria paused a moment. Frank had promised to make her into a Master of Stealth. She had no idea what that title meant, but now the blurry picture was starting to come into focus. The whole thing was still bat-shit crazy, but not cult leader crazy. "So you want to teach me stealth?! Like the one used by fighter jets?"

Frank lowered his head and exhaled. "No. Stealth is the essence of a Rogue's power. Like the Force for a Jedi, or magic for a wizard. All Rogues have stealth, and mastering it bestows the user with extraordinary abilities."

Her brain zoned in one word in particular. "What kind of abilities?"

"You'll see."

"So you're going to teach me all these abilities for free, huh?" Valeria asked, her sarcasm resurfacing. "What's the catch?"

"Well," Frank replied with a sigh, "You'll become an outlaw. While you can blend in with normal society, you will never truly be a part of it."

"I've never really belonged before. I don't care about that."

"You may not care now," Frank scolded, "but I hope you reconsider your indifference. People are suffering out there, Valeria. You're sure you really don't care?"

"Yeah...Yeah," Valeria said, groaning. "I got it. You want me to become some kind of superhero."

Frank shook his head. "Rogues are invisible, misunderstood, and forgotten." He looked over at her, a serious expression across his face as he said, "There are no superheroes where we're going."

Valeria let his words sink in. Just where are we going? she wondered to herself. Am I prepared for whatever he is going to show me?

Just where are we going? Am I prepared for whatever he is going to show me? She didn't have to wait too long, as their car suddenly pulled up to a large Gothic structure embedded within the buildings nearby. The place was massive, with two large spires and stained-glass windows that made the building resemble a church. "Is this it?"

Frank nodded as he parked. "Yeah. Ready to go inside?"

Valeria laughed. "Your big bad Headquarters looks like a church to me."

Frank exited the car and went around to the passenger door. As he opened the door, he said, "First lesson: things are not always what they appear to be."

He pointed to his belt, and Valeria recognized the knife he had given her before the trip. She checked her pocket, but the knife was gone. "Okay, you got me on that one. Any other advice?"

Frank shrugged. "Trust your instincts. Well, maybe all of them except your teenage attitude. It might be wise to not speak unless spoken to."

"I won't make any promises."

Frank smirked as he shut the door behind her. "A true Rogue never would. Follow me."

Valeria followed Frank toward the large wooden doors that opened automatically as they approached. Once inside, Valeria observed a simple unadorned foyer with a reception desk. A frail old lady sat at the desk and coughed as she noticed them entering.

Valeria snickered before whispering, "One of your big bad Rogues guarding the front door?"

Frowning, Frank was about to respond, but stopped when the old lady at the desk addressed them.

"Welcome back, Mr. Pipino. I see you brought a protégé with you today."

Frank coughed and avoided eye contact. "Yes Goldie...I'm sorry. She has a lot to learn and –"

"Oh that's alright dear," The old woman said, looking over at Valeria with a warm smile. "It's not your fault. Children are so disrespectful these days. It's all those movies and video games."



Valeria rolled her eyes. She noticed Frank motioning for her to stop, but ignored him. "Whatever you say, Grandma..."

"You would be wise to address me as Goldie from now on," the old woman replied softly. "If you disrespect me again, you will wake up missing a finger."

Valeria looked over at the woman with surprise. "Excuse me? Did you just threaten me you old bag?" As she finished speaking, she noticed Frank desperately motioning the throat slitting gesture.

"You heard me you little brat," Goldie hissed while removing a jagged dagger from under her desk. The sharp blade's edge glinted with light reflected from overhead. "It's the price you pay for disrespecting me. You insult me again, and I collect a finger. Nod quietly if you understand."

Valeria looked over at Frank with surprise. She expected him to say something, but he didn't. His terrified expression was all she needed to understand. She turned back to the old woman and nodded politely.

"Excellent," Goldie said while sheathing her blade. Her voice returned back to its soft polite tone as she said, "I'm glad we understand each other dear. It was so nice meeting you, and I hope you have a nice day."

Frank coughed as he dropped some cash on the desk. "Thanks, Goldie. For your trouble."

The old woman pocketed the cash. "Always a pleasure dear."

Frank motioned for Valeria to follow him toward the elevator. She tried to speak, but he shushed her. The elevator dinged, the doors opened, and they both entered without a word. Once the doors closed, Frank turned toward her and pointed a finger in her face. "You really need to stop being so reckless."

Valeria stared at him with disbelief. "Are you telling me you're scared of that old lady?"

Frank retracted his finger and pointed at himself. "Me? Hell yeah I am. Remember the first lesson: Things are not always what they appear to be. Goldie used to be one of the most lethal Assassins back in the day. While she's retired now, she's just as deadly. If you're smart, you will never, ever, disrespect her again. Understand?"

Sighing, Valeria rolled her eyes. "Fine. I get it."

"I sure hope so, for your sake."

The elevator dinged, and the doors opened. They stepped out into a massive empty floor space. The walls were all white, with no visible furniture or décor. Frank turned toward her. "Second lesson: The dark is just like any other natural element. While darkness hinders most people, Rogues use it to our advantage. You must embrace the darkness, and trust your instincts within it."

Valeria blinked as he finished, his words sparked an overwhelming sense of nostalgia.

Papa?

Papa? Her eyes closed for just a moment. When they reopened, Valeria was five years old again, and her father motioned to join him in their yard under the night sky.

"Siempre recuerda Valeria, Debes abrazar la Oscura y confiar en ti mismo dentro." Always remember Valeria, you must embrace the Dark, and trust your instincts within it.

Always remember Valeria, you must embrace the Dark, and trust your instincts within it. She blinked, and returned to the present. The lights suddenly went out, and she heard the faintest of footsteps, followed by loud repetitive noises all around the room. It took a few moments for her eyes to adjust, but once they did, Valeria gasped at the view before her. The room had no source of illumination, but that didn't matter, her innate night vision turned on. The room had completely changed, with massive pitfalls and swinging pendulums that were difficult to see as they swung back and forth along different pathways.



This place looks like some kind of dangerous medieval obstacle course, she thought to herself, trying to disregard the lump in the back of her throat . Her hands were trembling again, and her mouth had gone dry. Deep down, Valeria could feel the fear trying to rise up and cloud her senses. The urge to panic was undeniable, as Frank had disappeared and abandoned her inside a dark room of death. While others may have simply succumbed to their fear and panic, Valeria would not. This was not the first time she had faced mortal danger. She didn't die back then, and refused to die here and now.

This place looks like some kind of dangerous medieval obstacle course, . Gathering her resolve, Valeria took a step forward and surveyed the room. There were three paths she could take but she chose the path to the right. She moved slowly, her steps unsteady from the trembling fanning out across her entire body. The first pendulum lay directly ahead, sweeping across her path in a repetitive horizontal motion.

When the timing was right, she sprinted past. The air whistled as the pendulum swung behind her, but Valeria didn't notice. In her haste, she had moved too close to the edge of the path, and was trying to avoid falling forward into the depths below. Her natural instincts kicked in, and she pinwheeled her arms to regain balance. While it wasn't the most graceful maneuver, it worked. She stood by the edge and clutched her chest, her breathing shallow.

While the thought of falling to her death was disturbing, Valeria couldn't help but smile. She had made it through afterall. Her confidence grew as she continued down the path and used the same technique to dodge a pendulum with a similar pattern.

But the confidence she had gained was shattered when she reached the end of the path. She was staring at a dead end. All her hard work had been for nothing. She wanted to scream, to block out all the commotion of this deadly trap she was being forced to endure. She closed her eyes and exhaled, trying to release the vicious storm of frustration beating in her chest.

Valeria heard the faintest of clicks overhead. It would have been easy to miss, and while her conscious mind remained oblivious, her subconscious took over. She quickly dropped to a supine position, but her reaction wasn't fast enough. Her eyes snapped open as something sliced her shoulder, followed by a whoosh of air as something swung overhead. She cried out as the object disappeared, clutched her shoulder and noticed blood wetting her fingertips.

They have blades on them?!

They have blades on them?! Her shoulder stung every time she touched it, but the wound didn't prevent her from pushing off the ground.

"Third lesson," Frank's voice carried from somewhere across the dark room. "Always check the room for all routes of escape before making a choice!"

"That's all you have to say?!" Valeria yelled, not trying to hide her trepidation. "I'm hurt!"

"Everyone gets injured on their first try," Frank replied with a hint of concern. "But I can get the medic if needed!"

Valeria perked up a moment. Her fear and pain were quickly replaced by a different emotion; anger. Frank had brought her to this death trap without any warning. Now he was trying to act concerned? What kind of man brings a teenage girl to a place like this. "Screw you!" she yelled back. "I'm going to kick your ass when I make it over there!"

Frank laughed from across the room. "That's more like it!"

Valeria wanted to focus on being cautious. On survival. But her anger overrode all of her built in safety measures. She sprinted past the two pendulums with reckless abandon and reached the beginning of the course. Any sense of fear and hesitancy had dissipated. She was angry at Frank of course, but that was only part of it. She was also angry at herself.

After her injury, Valeria had been afraid, and her fear made her look fragile. She had always been told she was weak. Unimportant. Useless. But something inside had snapped. She was tired of being downtrodden, mocked and subjugated. She wasn't going to just survive this course today; she was going to dominate it.



She picked the narrow path in the middle and continued running at full speed. There were two pendulums swinging there: one horizontal, the other vertical. She continued running and used her forward momentum to execute a baseball slide along the ground. The risky maneuver paid off; she felt a whoosh of air as she slid under both.

The next set of pendulums were equally challenging, but Valeria kept at it, using acrobatic moves to pass each challenge at a quick pace. She realized Frank was right; she did feel faster, stronger, and more adept in the dark.

The last challenge involved multiple pendulums swinging in different directions. This set looked the most complicated by far; it's multiple moving parts forced her to pause. In that brief moment, between one breath and the next, Valeria saw a way through. She didn't waste any time thinking about the possibility of failure. Nothing was going to stop her now, and there was nothing else to it. She dove over the first with a lower trajectory, tucked into a somersault, and rolled underneath the next with its high arc. She stood and spun several times to dodge pendulums from in front and behind, and used the remaining momentum to leap over one obstacle, only to slide under the next.

With nothing left to conquer, Valeria looked for Frank. She found him waiting by a large set of closed doors, a subtle smile across his face. She heaved in deep breaths as she walked up to him. Her body was exhausted, but her anger was still raging. She contemplated taking a swing at him, but was startled upon hearing several repetitive clunking sounds around the room again.

The lights turned back on, and Valeria found that the floor plan had returned to the plain white empty space.

"Why did you abandon me?" Valeria questioned, seething in anger as she turned back to Frank. "I could have died you asshole!"

"Listen," Frank said, his tone suddenly serious. "I didn't want to abandon you, but I didn't have any choice. Sure, it's part of the rules. But I also did it for another important reason."

"Oh yeah?" Valeria asked, "Let me guess. You wanted to make sure you didn't pick the wrong girl, huh?!"

"Not at all," Frank said, his eyes meeting hers. "I already knew you were powerful. But it doesn't matter what I say or believe. I wanted you to see a glimmer of that power. I want you to believe you're powerful."

"Powerful?" Valeria asked with surprise. "Me?!"

Frank nodded. "I'm not supposed to say this, but you didn't just pass this test kiddo, you did exceptionally well."

exceptionally Valeria wasn't used to receiving compliments, let alone being referred to as powerful or exceptional . She was still angry, but she was also exhausted, and punching him in the face would take more effort than it was worth. "So this was a test. Was that whole thing just for me?"

powerful exceptional "No sweetheart. Almost every Rogue that enters this building needs to pass through the Hall of Shadows. The layout changes daily, so it's almost impossible for non-Rogues to gain entry. How's your shoulder?"

Valeria checked her shoulder again, and allowed him to inspect it. He removed a wad of gauze from his pocket and started dressing her wound.

"There," Frank said as he put the finishing touches on her dressing. "We'll have a medic look at it later. I think you'll live," he said with a laugh.

"Luckily it just grazed me. You could have warned me I was walking into a death trap!"

Frank shook his head and said, "I already told you I'm not allowed to. Part of the rules."

"Rules?!" Valeria asked incredulously. "What about people getting killed? What about old people? How do they get across that room?"

"With the right technique, any Rogue can navigate that room easily."

"Technique?" Valeria asked with intrigue. Her mind went wild with all different types of scenarios. Did he mean some kind of magic? Maybe the ability to teleport? She still had no idea how he vanished at the start of the course.

"You'll find out eventually. Alright Valeria, stay close to me. I repeat, do not go anywhere without me. Got it?"

"Why should I follow you?" Valeria asked, arms crossed defiantly against her chest. "What if you just abandon me in another death trap?"

Frank shook his head. "Life is a giant death trap, kiddo. But I'll promise you this much: I'll never abandon you again. I'm a man of my word," he said sincerely before his serious expression dissipated into a smirk. "Most of the time."

"Whatever you say, Dad ."

Dad Frank's face twitched momentarily as he moved toward the massive set of doors, and Valeria only had a moment to ponder his reaction. She had intended to match his sarcasm with her own, but unlike their previous light banter, this one had struck a nerve.

She didn't get a chance to process this further as he opened the doors. She tried to imagine what kind of crazy world lay beyond them. She wondered what a girl like her could possibly find or hope to achieve beyond those doors.

Time to go find out.

Time to go find out.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 4: The Sovereign


Valeria's senses were overwhelmed once the doors opened. Delicious aromas from the street vendors wafted into her nostrils, the smell of barbeque being the most notable. Masses of hooded people swarmed around an indoor marketplace, with all kinds of odd wares that Valeria had never seen before. From where she stood, she made out three different stores.

A large sign shaped like a flask was the first to catch her eye. It was impossible to miss when the green lights in the flask flashed as they filled the container, disappeared, and flashed again in a repetitive pattern. Bright green letters spelled out, "Tommy's Terribly Terrific Toxins."

An explosion rang out from the opposite direction, and Valeria ducked instinctively. She was the only one, as everyone else simply cheered or laughed. She stood and observed the shop to her right, a large sign shaped like a bomb above it's entrance. Fireworks exploded every time its fuse reached the bomb's surface, illuminating the words, "Snaps, Claps, and Traps."

Unlike the flashier shops, the last one resembled a traditional clothing store. Closer inspection of the display window revealed odd sets of leather jackets and pants. Some appeared fashionable, others looked more like sets of armor. A simple white sign embossed with the words, "Legendary Leatherworks," hung above its entrance.

Valeria froze in place, her eyes filled with wonder as she took in this new world and the odd people that inhabited it. Most wore black leather gear trimmed with different colors, some armed with knives, guns, or other assorted weapons. Others were gathered in groups around the stores, smoking, drinking, or gambling. Frank waited up ahead, a broad grin across his face.

"Welcome to my world - welcome to Coterel. Follow me."

Valeria tried to follow Frank through the bustling marketplace, but had trouble keeping up as the local shopkeepers catcalled with offers for cheap food, drinks, and drugs.

"A new protege, eh?" a merchant asked, stepping in front of her. "You must be nervous about meeting the Sovereign," he said while reaching in his bag. "Don't worry, I've got just the thing for ya," he said as he removed a joint and lit it. "Wonder Woman here will give you all the courage you need."

Valeria exhaled with disbelief, an awkward smile across her face. She had been sent to the detention center three times for possession of marijuana. Now she was being offered weed in public? She had to admit - she liked this new world already.

She reached for the joint and put it out between her fingers. "I'm underage! You know that's illegal right? Shame on you!" she chastised, pretending to throw the joint away, but secretly slipping it into her back pocket.

"Does it look like I give a shit, kid?" the drug dealer replied, his beefy hand clasping her shoulder. "You still owe me twenty bucks."

"Holy Crap! What the hell is that?!" Valeria yelled, pointing with her free arm. When the shopkeeper turned, she kicked one of his legs out and sprinted into a store on the opposite end of the walkway.

Where the hell am I?

Where the hell am I? Candles illuminated the dark room, their light glinting off the endless slivers of metal hanging from the walls. Her innate night vision turned on, revealing hundreds of knives on display. Their shape, length, and designs varied, but the quality of the craftsmanship was undeniable. A large sign shaped like a knife hung at the back of the room, the words, "Darrow's Daggers" imprinted in red bold faced letters.

A man was conversing with the shopkeeper nearby. He was tall, covered in a black hooded jacket with red accents, and had a dagger and pistol clearly visible in his belt. He inspected a massive knife, twirling it around his hand with amazing speed. The display was unlike anything Valeria had seen before. That settled it; she wanted to be like him.



"There you are, you little brat!" the drug dealer yelled as he entered the store. He pointed at Valeria and exclaimed, "You owe me twenty bucks, kid!"

She wasn't prepared for what happened next. With a flash of motion, the man in red appeared in front of her, pointing his knife at her throat.

"Is that true, girl?"

Valeria's entire body was paralyzed with fear. Her tongue was flaccid, her mouth was dry.

The man in red leaned closer, his hood still obscuring his eyes. "In the old days," he said, weaving the knife dangerously close to her neck, "Stealing inside these walls was punishable by death. But I think that would be a waste, dispatching a pretty little thing like you. Maybe there's some way you could repay my leniency?"

Someone appeared behind her assailant and placed a knife across his throat. "Release the girl, or I'll release your carotid," Frank said, his voice low and full of malice.

The hooded figure laughed. "We both know you don't have the nerve, Pip-squeak."

Frank nicked his neck with the knife. "I don't kill 'cause I've never had to. If you don't leave the girl alone...per the Charter's rules about protégés, I'll have no choice."

The hooded figure released her and put his knife away. Frank did the same before returning to Valeria's side. She tried to rationalize what happened, but clearly this was an irrational new world.

"I didn't realize she was a protégé. Better teach her the rules, Pip-Squeak," the figure in red said, his voice rumbling before he turned back to the counter.

Frank turned toward the drug dealer next. "How much does she owe?"

"Twenty bucks."

Frank sighed as he handed him the money. He turned toward Valeria and pointed to the exit. "Outside! Now!"

Valeria followed him outside the shop and flinched as he spun around and pointed a finger in her face.

"What did I tell you?! I told you to stay by me at all times!"

"I'm sorry," she said, trying her best to sound sincere. "Thanks for saving me. I hate to admit it, but that creep looked pretty cool."

"Cool? Assassins like him give Rogues a bad name. His kind embarrasses me."

"He embarrasses you? Why?"

Frank shook his head. "Listen to me, Valeria. A truly gifted Rogue – one who mastered their stealth – should never have to use lethal force. While Assassins are a part of the Rogue Faction, most of them follow a different code. They kill for two reasons: they lack the stealth and intelligence to carry out missions, or they take pleasure in taking life. Understood?"

never Valeria nodded. She had encountered murderers before, and most of them didn't wear hoods.

Frank appeared to calm down. "It's not entirely your fault. I should have warned you about Assassins."

"Why?"

"Assassins are temperamental and look down on other Rogues."

"Well that's stupid," Valeria replied, her fear and disbelief replaced with irritation. "Why do other Rogues put up with their crap? Why not kick them out?"

"A good question," Frank replied with a nod, "And one I ask myself often. The rules were set up with the Rogue Faction Charter, created hundreds of years ago."

Valeria couldn't think of a reply. She had stumbled into another world, one laden with all sorts of rules she needed to learn. When Frank didn't elaborate further, she decided to remind him that Fantasy World 101 wasn't part of the detention center's curriculum. "I have no idea what that means, Frank."



He exhaled, pinching the bridge of his nose. "It's an old set of rules that keeps the peace between the different Rogue guilds. The main point is: we don't bother them, they don't bother us."

"Alright," Valeria replied, inspecting individuals within the marketplace. "How do I know if someone's an Assassin?"

"Good question. Part of the Charter states that all Assassins need to make themselves identifiable to other Rogues. They do this by wearing the color red."

This made sense. The Assassin they encountered wore black leather with red accents. As she studied the different hooded individuals passing by, she noticed at least four other colors and wondered what they signified.

"What do the other colors mean?"

Frank's trademark smirk returned. "You'll find out. Come on, it's time to meet the Sovereign."

"The what ?"

what "We need to work on your vocabulary, kiddo. Sovereign – by definition – means leader. Follow me and try to stay out of trouble."

Valeria struggled to keep up with Frank's quick pace. He weaved in and out of the crowded marketplace with ease, while she barreled her way through. The hairs on Valeria's neck prickled; she got the odd feeling that someone was watching them. She stopped, turned and surveyed the area, but didn't find anything abnormal. Nothing unusual for this strange place, at least.

She gave up her search and ran after Frank. She found him outside a hallway guarded by a man and a woman. The female Rogue wore a black leather hood with red accents, so Valeria quickly ducked her head and avoided eye contact.

Frank looked over to the male dressed in black leather with orange accents. "I need to see the Sovereign."

The female Rogue in red blocked his path. While her hood blocked most of her face, Valeria still noted her smug expression and crooked nose. "The Sovereign is meeting with our leader," she said, her tone condescending, "you and your mutt will have to wait."

mutt Frank stared her down and leaned forward, his body language threatening. "She is a new protégé - a gifted one - so show some respect. All new protégés meet with the Sovereign immediately - no matter what. You know the rules, so move aside...Brigitte."

gifted "Do not use my name in public," the assassin hissed, slowly reaching for her knife. Frank and the other Rogue quickly produced their own.

The male Rogue frowned at her. "You know he's right. If that's a new protégé, they need to be let through. Move aside."

Brigitte scowled as she allowed them to pass. "I don't care how important you are. Don't ever disrespect me in public again."

Frank scoffed, sheathing his weapon. "I don't need to disrespect you. You never had any self respect to begin with, Brigitte."

Valeria ducked her head as she followed Frank, who didn't pay Brigitte any mind. He led the way through the candle lit hallway and stopped at the exit, where she observed a large cylindrical room. The walls were laden with bookshelves, a desk with a computer, and candlelit tables with litters of scrolls. She noticed a woman and man, both dressed in black leather, talking in close proximity at the center of the room. She leaned forward to observe their features.

The man was large, broad shouldered, and had a prominent red sash that crossed his chest and back. He was bald, middle aged, and had smooth dark skin. The woman next to him was also African American, with only a slightly lighter complexion. Valeria guessed she was middle aged – maybe in her forties – but was easily more beautiful than women half her age with smooth skin and long silky black hair pulled back in a ponytail. Her back was turned to them, and she wore a simple leather outfit that revealed a smaller, athletic frame.



"Bring her in, Frank," she said without turning around.

Frank went inside the room first, and Valeria followed with her head lowered. He stopped in front of them and nodded to the woman first. "Lady Jada." He turned to the man next with a sigh. "Dontrell."

The Assassin leader scoffed. "Long time no see...Pip-Squeak."

Frank marched up to him, coming within inches of his face. "I may put up with your goons calling me that, but I do not have to take it from you Donny-boy!"

"Step back...now!" Jada commanded. Both men took a step back as she came between them. "Not in front of a protégé," she whispered between clenched teeth.

Frank crossed his arms and nodded at the Assassin. "He started it."

Dontrell laughed. "Yeah, and you're too scared to end it."

"Shut up! Both of you!" Jada yelled, her voice echoing throughout the cylindrical room. "I am the Sovereign of this Faction," she continued, pacing around the two men. "And as such, I demand respect – even from the two men I love."

She looked over at the Assassin first. "Whether it's my brother," she said before turning and facing Frank, "Or my husband. Understood?!"

Both men turned and knelt before her. "Yes, Sovereign."

The woman looked to Valeria. "You are the Protege, correct?"

are Valeria knelt down and avoided eye contact. Part of this was motivated by fear - the rest involved admiration. "Yes, Sovereign."

Jada sighed. "Stand up, girl. I am not your Sovereign yet."

Valeria stood, but continued avoiding eye contact. Not that it mattered, Jada's attention was focused elsewhere.

"We will finish our discussion later, brother. Leave us. Both of you."

Both men stood, speaking in unison, "Yes, Sovereign."

The Assassin looked over at Valeria with a sly grin. "I look forward to welcoming you to my guild later."

"The hell you will," Frank hissed.

"Enough! Get out!" Jada yelled before both men left for the exit.

Frank stopped by Valeria and placed a hand gently on her shoulder. "She appreciates honesty."

Valeria nodded and watched him leave. She turned and observed Jada, who looked vaguely familiar. Had they met before?

Jada stood by her desk, studying Valeria with a piercing gaze. "I'm sorry you had to see that. Believe it or not, they used to be best friends." When Valeria didn't respond, Jada walked over to the nearby table and poured herself a glass of wine. "Care for a drink?"

"I'm underage, Sovereign."

Jada laughed. "Call me Jada for now. Children today consume much worse things than wine. Go on, have a glass."

Valeria shook her head. "No thanks. Have we...met before?"

Jada turned and smirked as she brought the glass to her lips. "Suit yourself, and maybe we've met before, in another life. So, tell me Valeria Torres, do I frighten you?"

Valeria met her eyes defiantly. "No. Should I be afraid?"

"Not yet. As a protégé, you know nothing, so nothing is expected of you. I'm here to educate and persuade you to join us."

persuade Valeria did a double take. "The queen begs people to volunteer? That doesn't sound reassuring."

"I never beg," Jada replied, her voice reflecting a hint of irritation, "But I offer you the choice. This custom has been passed down by every faction leader around the world for centuries."



Valeria rolled her eyes. "Why you? Why not have some underling do it?"

"Because," Jada said after finishing a sip of wine, "Protégés with strong natural gifts are rare in the modern era. You are valuable to me, and to the survival of my faction. Meeting me allows you to understand this, while giving me a chance to decide if you're worthy."

"So am I?" Valeria tried her best to sound humble. She truly had no idea if this woman would find her worthy of anything. No one else had.

"That remains to be seen. Your performance in the Hall of Shadows was above average, especially for a protégé who has never learned anything about our ways."

was "I could do better if I practiced." Valeria tried to let the eagerness manifest in her voice. She hungered for the chance to prove herself, as opportunities like this were never granted to girls like her - girls no one cared about.

"I'm sure you could," Jada replied, a smile slowly forming across her lips. "But first things first. The rules state that every Protégé gets to ask the leader of a faction three questions, and then I will get to ask you three questions. I suggest you take a moment to think and choose your questions carefully."

Valeria didn't hesitate. "How did you become the leader?"

Jada's smirk widened as she took another sip from her glass. "Good question. Thinking of taking my place someday, huh? Maybe you will. See this dagger?" she asked, pointing to an intricate white-handled dagger with blue jewels on her belt. "This is Carnwennan. Ever heard of it?"

Valeria shook her head.

"Of course not," Jada replied, "But you might have heard of its big brother: Excalibur."

Valeria gaped at the dagger on Jada's belt. She had never read any novels about Camelot, but was still vaguely aware of the sword considered to be the most famous weapon in myths, legends and history. And yet, while she was familiar with Excalibur, she never realized its owner wielded a second mythical weapon.

"That knife belonged to King Arthur?" she asked, her eyes still locked onto Jada's dagger.

"Mm-hmm. It's remained within the Rogue Faction for hundreds of years. Whoever wields it earns the right to lead all the Rogue Guilds. If you want it; you'll need to kill me – or steal it from me. You should know that many have tried both and failed."

Valeria inspected the woman with even more respect. She wanted to be like her someday.

"That was all part of the first question. What's your next question?"

Valeria paused a moment, before coming up with another question. "How does the public not know anything about you all?"

Jada scoffed. "Stupid question. We are Rogues: our mission in life is to remain invisible amongst the masses, and safe amongst ourselves. We have perfected this over the years, while the public is even more easily distracted by technology in the modern era. Next question."

Valeria considered her response a moment."Besides invisibility and shelter, does the Rogue faction have any other primary objectives?"

Jada cracked a smile. " That is the perfect question. It's up to the Sovereign to decide that answer during his or her reign. Throughout the years, the answer has changed."

That "What's your answer?" Valeria asked.

"That's four questions. Now it's my turn."

"No, it's not," Valeria countered. "You never answered my original question. What are the Rogue Faction's primary objectives?"



Jada studied her silently for a moment. "You've got spirit, I'll give you that. My Faction's primary objectives right now are threefold: Remain hidden from the outside world, do not harm the innocent, and balance the scales of financial opportunity."

Valeria considered this a moment. "So, you steal from the rich and give to the poor? Like Robin Hood?"

Jada exhaled impatiently. "In layman's terms...yes. Now it's my turn. Which of those objectives is most important to you?"

Valeria paused before answering. "The first one."

Jada eyed her curiously. "A selfish but understandable choice. Why do you want to remain hidden from the world?"

selfish Valeria crossed her arms as Jada asked the second question. She knew there was only one suitable answer. "Because it's brought me nothing but pain."

Jada exhaled and broke eye contact for a moment. After a brief pause, she looked over and said, "I've read about some of your past, and I know you haven't had an easy life. Someone once told me the past does not always dictate the future. You can't change your past here, but if you join us, you can change your future."

"Okay, what's your last question?"

Jada finished her glass, and wiped her mouth. "Last question: To permanently hide from the real world, would you be willing to take a life?"

Valeria closed her eyes momentarily as she pondered this question. She had been able to escape so many terrible situations in her short life, but always ended up back at the detention center due to this question. Other criminals may take life easily to cover up their crimes, but Valeria had decided against this long ago. She took a deep breath and finally offered her reply.

"Never."

After an uncomfortable pause, Jada offered her hand. "Very well. Welcome to the Rogue Faction. That's of course, if you've decided to join us?"

Valeria shook her hand. "I have. What happens now?"

"Now we find out where you will live. Eddie!!"

Valeria turned and recognized the guard she had seen earlier.

"Yes, Sovereign?"

"Alert everyone: There will be an Accommodation Ceremony in two hours. Anyone interested will need to make the necessary preparations."

"Yes, Sovereign."

Valeria watched the man run off before looking over at Jada with concern. "Is it too much to ask what happens next, Sovereign ?"

Sovereign "No, it's not. Everyone around the world is being notified about you right now. The Rogue faction allows Rogue families to have either one child, or one protégé. Anyone who currently does not have a protégé – or a child of their own – can submit a request to take you in. They will be notified about your Hall of Shadows score, preliminary research, and my assessment. If they still want you, a sophisticated matching and lottery system will take place over the next two hours."

Valeria whistled. "Sounds very high tech. I'm honestly worried no one will want to take me in. No one has before."

"That's their loss. For our faction, protégés are valuable for many reasons. The system will identify five households that match the best for you, and each house will get to proposition you directly in front of the entire faction."

Valeria scoffed. "In front of the entire faction? What does that mean?"

"It means the entire thing is live-streamed on our dark web."

"Why?"

"Because," Jada continued with a smile, "It's a joyous occasion, and each guild gets to brag about where the protégé ends up afterward."

"Guilds?"

"Yes," Jada continued as she motioned to a tapestry along the wall. The top end of the tapestry was embroidered with an elegant black crescent moon. "The Rogue Faction – which is represented by the Crescent Moon – has five main guilds." She produced a small book and placed it on the table. "This guide has information about all five guilds, and I suggest you read it. A Rogue will learn the talents associated with all five guilds during their training, but will obviously focus more on their respective guild's strengths."

Valeria picked up the book and flipped through its contents. "Which guild do you think is best for me?"

Jada wagged her finger. "I'm not supposed to direct you toward any particular guild, but I might have accidentally bookmarked the Thief and Bounty Hunter guilds," she said with a wink. "Read about them all and choose wisely. My associate will come back for you in two hours."

but "And then what?"

"Then you will choose which family, and guild, you will live with."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 5: The Accommodating Ceremony


Valeria spent the next two hours reading about the different guilds. She sat in the Sovereign's quarters, sitting at a desk and casually flipping through the chapters. The first started with a symbol of a green faced raccoon. The Thieves guild is the oldest of the five, and represented by nature's cleverest thief – the raccoon. She spent most of the time studying this chapter, which focused on skills suitable for a thief. Lock picking, Pickpocketing, Burglary, Disguise, elaborate non-violent heists.

The Thieves guild is the oldest of the five, and represented by nature's cleverest thief – the raccoon. Lock picking, Pickpocketing, Burglary, Disguise, elaborate non-violent heists. The next chapter depicted an orange spider. The Bounty Hunter guild is the youngest, and represented by the spider – nature's best trapper. Their chapter was also interesting; Bounty Hunters focused on non-violent means to capture villainous criminals. Traps, Nets, Tranquilizers, elaborate cons and schemes to ensnare victims.

The Bounty Hunter guild is the youngest, and represented by the spider – nature's best trapper. Traps, Nets, Tranquilizers, elaborate cons and schemes to ensnare victims. The third chapter had a symbol in the shape of a purple dragon. The Ninjas Guild is the third oldest guild, and represented by the most regal creature in Eastern mythology . Their guild piqued her interest; they used stealth to focus on espionage. Misdirection, Acrobatics, Hacking, Explosives, Disguise.

The Ninjas Guild is the third oldest guild, and represented by the most regal creature in Eastern mythology Misdirection, Acrobatics, Hacking, Explosives, Disguise. The fourth chapter depicted a blue Orca whale. The Pirates Guild is the fourth oldest, and represented by the Orca, one of the ocean's fiercest predators . She didn't bother with the Pirate guild; their description failed to garner much interest. Naval training, marksmanship, Explosives, Hacking, and bartending.

The Pirates Guild is the fourth oldest, and represented by the Orca, one of the ocean's fiercest predators Naval training, marksmanship, Explosives, Hacking, and bartending. The last chapter's symbol displayed a red scorpion tail. The Assassin guild is the second oldest, and represented by nature's most violent predator, the scorpion . Their guild didn't have many surprises. Unarmed combat, Armed combat, Marksmanship, Explosives, Disguise.

The Assassin guild is the second oldest, and represented by nature's most violent predator, the scorpion Unarmed combat, Armed combat, Marksmanship, Explosives, Disguise. Valeria closed the book and groaned. She had no idea which guild to pick; she had rarely been given any options in life, let alone five . She ran her hands through her hair and massaged her temples. Frustrated, she stood and paced around the room, studying her surroundings.

. A bookshelf at the far wall caught her attention, and she studied the names inscribed on their spines. Some memorable titles included: The Five Factions , The Dark War: The Story Untold , and Merlin: The Man the Myth, the Legend . She ran her fingertips along the book edges until she touched an untitled black book near the end. This book differed from the others; it was worn, frayed, and mold was detectable on its surface, but that didn't stop her from touching it.

The Five Factions The Dark War: The Story Untold Merlin: The Man the Myth, the Legend The effect was immediate: she felt dizzy, her hand felt numb. Everything slowed around her, all noise ceased to exist. Everything except a whisper.

"In...Anna...In...Anna..."

Valeria felt like she might throw up. She heard someone calling out to her, and when she removed her hand from the book, everything returned to normal.

"They're ready for you, Protégé."

The guard had returned. Upon closer inspection, most of his outfit was made of black leather with an orange trim. Her head was ringing, her mouth felt dry. She had no idea what just happened, but Valeria knew she needed to play it cool. She didn't want to get in trouble for snooping around the leader's chambers. "You're a Bounty Hunter, aren't you?"

The guard smiled. "Yes, all Faction enforcers are from that guild. We settle disputes without taking lives."

"That makes sense. And they treat you well?"

"Of course," the guard replied with a laugh. He leaned closer and said, "I'm not supposed to say this – but I hope you choose us. The rumors about you are spreading like wildfire."

Valeria raised an eyebrow. "Yeah? Like what?"

"They're saying your score in the Hall of Shadows is the second highest ever by a new protégé."



Valeria smiled. She must have done well in that dark obstacle course.

"This way, Protégé, and Prometheus watch over you."

She wanted to ask what that meant, but the guard had already left. After navigating an endless array of candle lit hallways, they reached a massive ballroom with people seated around the concert stage. Six people stood by a large podium at the center, and Valeria recognized three of them. Jada stood at the podium, flanked by Frank, and Dontrell. While the Assassin leader wore the same black leather outfit and red sash, Frank had changed into a similar outfit with a green sash.

She was greeted with cheers from the audience as the enforcer led her to the stage. Jada motioned for Valeria to join her at the podium. "Up here with me, Protégé. Face your peers, and tell them your name."

She took slow, unsteady steps across the stage. She had never been the center of attention before. She paused by the microphone and took a deep breath. "I'm Valeria."

The audience cheered again; some started chanting her name. Jada pointed to the wall behind her. "Some of you've heard the rumors already, but I'm here to tell you – Valeria is one of the highest ranking protégés to grace this stage in a long time."

Her name was projected along the wall with a subtitle underneath.

Hall of Shadows First Attempt:

Rating: 96/100

Hall of Shadows First Attempt:

Rating: 96/100 The room erupted with nervous chatter, but Jada silenced the crowd with her booming voice. "Now, as many of you are aware, Valeria's first attempt in that Hall is second to one other preliminary score in the history of our faction." She turned to Valeria with a smirk. "Mine."

She looked over at Jada with a sudden realization. Jada wasn't just an average leader of this faction of outlaws; she was the most powerful Rogue in existence. And while Valeria had no idea what kind of power this woman possessed, the notion that she could match her someday was overwhelming. She noticed another set of unfamiliar statistics that popped up underneath, one at a time.

Preliminary Scoring:

———————————-

Strength: 64 / 100

Endurance: 88/ 100

Dexterity: 98 / 100

Perception: 82 / 100

Charisma: 90 / 100

Preliminary Scoring:



Strength: 64 / 100

Endurance: 88/ 100

Dexterity: 98 / 100

Perception: 82 / 100

Charisma: 90 / 100 The crowd cheered upon each statistic being revealed, and the place went nuts after seeing her Dexterity score. This is crazy, Valeria thought to herself. I feel like a rock star or an elite college athlete.

This is crazy, I feel like a rock star or an elite college athlete. Jada stepped beside her. "I know it's been a while since we've had a protégé to celebrate; the last one graced us almost a year ago. But I think everyone can agree that Valeria is better than most. And now," she said while turning and placing a hand on Valeria's shoulder, "It's time to find your home. Since you're sixteen, you will live at this residence for two years. After that, your home will be wherever you make it!"

The crowd erupted into raucous cheers. Valeria tried to savor the moment, but her past experiences left her skeptical.

Jada turned to the people near the podium. "Some introductions are in order. You already met Frank Pipino, my husband, World-Master, and Leader of the primary Thieves Guild here in New York."

Rogues in green trimmed attire cheered around the room. She turned to Frank with wide eyes, while he simply shrugged. "Looks like I'm sort of a big deal," he whispered, shaking her hand.

Valeria laughed while Jada introduced her brother next. "You also met Dontrell Jackson, my brother, World-Master, and Leader of the primary Assassins Guild in Moscow, Russia."

Rogues dressed in red trimmed gear cheered around the room. Dontrell leaned closer and shook her hand. "Only I can help you rectify your past," he whispered. "Keep that in mind."



She didn't have a response for that. Her entire life needed rectifying, and she wondered what he was really offering. She leaned back and noticed Frank studying her intently. He gave a subtle shake of his head before returning to an emotionless expression.

rectifying, Jada motioned to a different man. He was tall, dark skinned, and wore a black leather armor with an orange sash. "Next up Is Ndidi Achampong, World-Master, and Leader of the primary Bounty-Hunter Guild in Accra, Ghana."

He leaned close as they shook hands and whispered, "One who can trap their foes does not need to be invisible. Good luck my dear."

Jada introduced a short Asian woman next. Her black leather suit looked different than the others; its loose fit resembled a flowing robe with purple accents. "Next is Xun Guan, North American Master and leader of the tertiary Ninja Guild in New York." Jada turned to the podium and addressed the audience. "World-Master Xiang Yu regrets he cannot be here in person. There was an urgent matter at the primary Ninja guild in Beijing."

Valeria leaned in to shake the young woman's hand and observed her features; she didn't look much older than herself. As they shook, the ninja leaned closer and whispered in her ear. "Everyone around here calls me Xun. I hope you're smart enough to realize Ninjas are the best at overall stealth and remaining invisible among the public. But if you want to be dumb and go somewhere else, that's your prerogative."

While some might have found Xun offensive, Valeria found her directness refreshing. She understood the game being played. The leaders were offering sales pitches like coaches recruiting an athlete.

Jada pointed to the last person on the stage, a tall blonde haired woman wearing a leather outfit decorated with blue tassels. "Lastly, there's Penny Kinnon, North American Master and Leader of the tertiary Pirate guild here in New York."

Valeria extended her hand – but was surprised when the young woman lifted and inspected it.

"Oy, you've got some of the most beautiful skin I've ever seen," she said with an Australian accent.

Valeria gasped as the young woman caressed her arm and kissed her hand.

"It's truly an honor to be in the presence of such a lovely beauty."

Jada coughed into the microphone before coming between them. "Flirting with a new Protégé," she hissed, "especially an underage one – will not be tolerated. Do you understand me?"

Penny released Valeria's hand and rolled her eyes. "Oh please. She's only two years younger than me. I was paying a compliment, Sovereign. Don't be such a sourpuss."

Jada frowned before turning back to the podium. "Pirate World-Master John Finch couldn't make it here today for some unknown reason. I'm willing to bet he got drunk and passed out somewhere."

The room erupted with laughter as Valeria looked over at Penny, who simply shrugged.

"It's probably true."

Valeria smiled as she turned to Jada, who was trying to calm everyone down. "Alright. Now on the screen behind me, we will reveal the households from each guild that Valeria will get to choose from."

She turned and noticed a screen against the back wall. The projector showed the symbol of a blue Orca, followed by a world map that zoomed in on Buenos Aires, Argentina. A man and woman appeared on the screen and smiled back at her.

Santana Household.

Santana Household. "Buenas noches, Valeria," both said at the same time. They went on to make their case for why she should choose them. Buenos Aires has no animosity toward Latino immigrants, and she would be exposed to beautiful scenery, weather, and a relaxed learning environment.



When they finished, Jada handed her a blue tassel. "I will give you a tassel from each guild after they finish. At the end, you will make your decision by holding the color of your choice overhead. While deciding, you can eliminate choices by dropping them on the floor."

A purple dragon symbol was projected next. The world map zoomed in on South America, and centered on Sao Paulo, Brazil. The screen changed and an Asian man and a Latina woman smiled back at her. Like the other couple, they greeted her in Spanish.

Valeria tried to conceal her distaste. She knew what was going on here; they were all trying to play the Latina card. She listened politely as the couple made their case:

Hispanic and Chinese culture blended harmoniously there. Both are trilingual, as they spoke Portuguese - Brazil's most common language - as well as Spanish and English. Beautiful weather, excellent training, blah...blah...

Hispanic and Chinese culture blended harmoniously there. Both are trilingual, as they spoke Portuguese - Brazil's most common language - as well as Spanish and English. Beautiful weather, excellent training, blah...blah... She didn't want to mean any disrespect, but the whole ordeal felt so...detached. She wanted to feel special with so many well-respected people fighting over her – but didn't. Valeria knew they didn't care about her; they cared about the prestige of winning over a top Protege. She accepted the purple tassel and tried to remain polite as the Bounty Hunter household went next.

Barcelona, Spain. West African female and Spanish Male. Harmonious blend of African and European Culture. Deep religious scene and easy access to Europe, Asia, and Africa.

Barcelona, Spain. West African female and Spanish Male. Harmonious blend of African and European Culture. Deep religious scene and easy access to Europe, Asia, and Africa. Valeria accepted the orange tassel and bowed, but secretly groaned in her mind.

Okay who's next?

Okay who's next? The green raccoon logo flashed on the screen, and the map zoomed in on New York City. She raised an eyebrow and searched the audience, wondering who her next bidder would be. She gasped upon watching Frank step forward.

"Hello, Valeria. My wife and I want to invite you into our home."

Valeria turned to Jada, who stormed over to her husband. Both Valeria and the crowd reacted with surprise as she slapped him in the face with a mighty blow.

"You signed us up without consulting me?!"

There were audible gasps around the concert hall, and Dontrell approached the podium next. "This is completely unacceptable. A World-Master and the Sovereign can't just rig the system to snatch up a top protégé!"

Jada shook her fist at her brother. "You think I had something to do with this?!"

Frank turned toward the podium's microphone. "Any Rogue has the right to submit their name in the registry. There was nothing illegal about my request."

"Maybe not," Jada countered, "But as Sovereign, I can deny your application."

"True," Frank said with a nod. "But if you do that, the Thieves guild will have no chance at accommodating Valeria."

The concert hall erupted into loud boos and jeers, and Jada tried to calm everyone down. "Okay, everyone. I'm just as unhappy about this as you all." She thrust her finger at her husband's chest. "Make your case to me, the girl, and everyone here. Why should she stay with us?"

"I will," Frank said before turning to Valeria. "Of course you know my wife and I can offer you a beautiful home, and exceptional training." He paused and took a deep breath.

Valeria detected something in his eyes. She knew something was troubling him, and he was having trouble spitting it out.

"What Valeria doesn't know," he continued, his voice raw, "is that my wife and I had a daughter your age that passed away from leukemia last year." He looked over at Jada, who still looked enraged. He exhaled, turned, locked eyes with Valeria and said, "I know you've been alone most of your life. While you will never replace my daughter, I will promise to treat you like one, and that you will never be alone with us. I promise to always look after you, and you will always be welcome in our home."

Valeria's breathing slowed. She had been lied to so many times, and had expected another one. There was no guile in his eyes this time; this was no lie. She turned to Jada, who continued glowering at her husband. "What can you promise me, Sovereign?"

Jada shook her head before turning to Valeria with an icy stare. "Unlike my husband, I am still mourning the loss of my daughter. You may not be alone in my house, but you will not be comfortable either. Mark my words: I will push you harder than you can possibly imagine. I never made things easy for my daughter, and it certainly won't be any easier for you."

Valeria nodded. While Jada's offer - if that's what you could call it - sounded terrifying, it was honest.

Frank handed her the green tassel. "Give us the chance to look after you, kiddo."

She took the tassel and waited patiently, her mind overwhelmed by the turn of events. She exchanged curious glances at Frank and Jada, but they had turned to look at the screen behind them. A red scorpion logo appeared, followed by a map of Central America. The map settled on San Salvador, El Salvador.

My hometown?!

My hometown?! Valeria immigrated to the United States with her aunt one year after her parents' deaths, and barely remembered her hometown. Out of the corner of her eye, she swore she saw Dontrell – the Assassin leader – grinning at Frank. She turned and focused on the screen as a Latino couple greeted her in Spanish.

She listened with little interest as they offered the usual amenities – but snapped to attention once they mentioned her parents.

"Yes, Valeria," the man on the screen said. "We knew your parents. We also know members of the gang that took part in their execution. If you agree to come live with us, we'll teach you to become a feared assassin and help you avenge your parents' deaths."

and Valeria stared at the screen, her mouth ajar as the couple bid her farewell. She blinked, trying to blot out the memory of her parents' lifeless bodies on the ground outside their house. She had been five years old at the time, and remembered every gruesome detail sitting between them.

I don't...I can't think of that right now.

I don't...I can't think of that right now. Her eyes moistened with tears, and she tried to wipe them away without drawing attention. The room was enveloped in silence, and Jada offered the red tassel. "It's time to choose now. Take all the time you need."

She tried to reign in her emotions as she studied the five colored tassels in her hands. It didn't take long for the blue tassel to fall to the floor, followed by the purple. She held up the green, red, and orange tassels, and after a long moment, dropped the orange tassel.

There were audible gasps around the room – but Valeria ignored them. She studied the green tassel in her left hand, and the red one in her right.

Do I choose the home and sanctuary I've never been able to find since losing my parents?

Do I choose the home and sanctuary I've never been able to find since losing my parents? Or do I choose to avenge them and endure a life of bloodshed?

Or do I choose to avenge them and endure a life of bloodshed? She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and simultaneously dropped one tassel while lifting the other overhead.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 6: The House Rules


"Welcome to your new home," Frank said, introducing Valeria to the foyer of their large two-story townhouse. She entered with caution, her pace slow.

Jada brushed past them in a hurry. "I'm going to the kitchen. I need a stiff drink," she said without turning around.

Valeria studied the elegant fireplace and stopped by a mantle filled with picture frames. Photos of a girl her age were mounted there, and she studied one in particular. She had tan colored skin, coarse dark hair pulled back in a ponytail, and a wide smile. Another picture depicted Frank, Jada and their daughter, and she studied it carefully.

"Her name was Bianca." Frank approached the mantle and pointed at the picture of his daughter. "Her seventeenth birthday would have been tomorrow."

Valeria held the picture and sighed. "That's terrible. I'm sorry...you said it was Leukemia?

"Yeah."

"Did she suffer?"

" Yes ," Jada answered from the kitchen entrance, her tone raw. "My daughter endured countless rounds of chemo and transfusions." She took slow steady steps toward them, the ice cubes in her cocktail clanging against the glass. "But she kept fighting for an entire year. She was braver than anyone in this room."

Yes anyone Frank sighed and tried to comfort Jada, but she swatted him away. "No, I'm still angry, and I'm going to speak my mind now. I still can't believe my husband thinks he can just swap out his dead daughter for a new one."

"She was my daughter too," Frank protested. "We both sat with her in that hospital room. Don't act like you're the only one who lost something."

"Then why do this? You think a protégé will make everything better around here? It won't!"

Frank looked over at Valeria. "Forgive us. You shouldn't have to hear this. I can take you upstairs -"

"No," she replied, shaking her head. "I would like to stay, unless you would like me to leave." She looked down at the family photograph and exhaled. "You welcomed me into your home. I'm the reason you both are angry, so take it out on me."

"This is not your fault. It's my fault," Frank said with a sigh. "Right, Jada?"

Jada rolled her eyes, exhaled, and sat down. "Maybe that's right. Maybe we're all to blame." Her posture softened as her eyes settled on Valeria. "I'm not angry with you, girl. I just...need more time to adjust. That's all."

"Well," she said, locking eyes with Jada, "I already told your husband this, but I'll repeat it. With the exception of my parents, who died when I was five, no one has ever given a damn about me. I always dreamed of being adopted someday, and while this isn't exactly what I imagined, it still means a lot to me. I'll work really hard, and I won't disappoint you."

Jada studied her a moment. "We'll have to see. I won't make it easy on you, so you better get some rest. Breakfast is at eight. Good night, Valeria."

Frank pointed to the stairs and said, "Your room is up there. Everything is already prepared, and I'll be up in a minute to show you around."

Valeria exited the living room and climbed the stairs. She stopped near the second floor, turned, silently descended a few steps, and listened to the two of them talking in hushed tones below.

" See ," Frank whispered below. "It'll be good having her here. She's a sweetheart."

See "Even if that's true," Jada whispered back, "it doesn't make me any less angry. You should have consulted me."

"I know you've been hesitant to take on a protege since Bianca's death . Even if I told you about Dontrell's plan, I knew you might disagree, and I couldn't risk it. The girl is too important."



"His plan?" Jada asked. "You knew he would lure the girl with revenge?"

"Of course I knew," Frank whispered back. "When I found her a month ago, I knew what she was capable of becoming. She could change everything, Jada. Everything . If a girl like her ended up in the wrong hands, the world could erupt in chaos."

Everything Valeria nearly lost her balance as she listened. Their conversation didn't make any sense. She was important? She could change the world? Since when? She cast her thoughts aside, making sure to retain her balance at the top of the stairs, and hoping her movement had gone unnoticed.

"The world is already in chaos," Jada countered. "So, after all your posturing, you were simply using your charm on the girl? Just to keep her away from Dontrell?"

Frank sighed. "Initially, yes . But not anymore. She's more than just a protégé. She's a good kid, and we need to look out for her. I already enrolled her for school last week; she starts in two days. It'll help keep her safe."

yes "Two days?" Jada protested. "You think she'll be ready in time?"

"She will," Frank replied. "I'm going upstairs. Goodnight, hon."

Valeria crept up the stairs without making a sound, and slipped into the bedroom nearby. She flipped on the lamp, collapsed on the bed, and exhaled through gritted teeth.

I have to start school in two days?!

I have to start school in two days?! "Oh, there you are," Frank said from the doorway. "This will be your room. I already have a toiletry bag in the bathroom across the hall." He walked over to the closet. "You can also use my daughter's old clothes for now. Jada can take you shopping in the morning for clothes, makeup, jewelry, and anything else you need. I'm going grocery shopping tomorrow, so if you have any requests, write them down," he said, placing a pen and paper on the desk.

"When do I get a phone?" she asked.

Frank laughed. "Of course. You wouldn't be a normal teenager without one, huh? You'll get one tomorrow... after you learn the rules of the house."

"Rules?" Valeria asked, her face bunched up into a frown.

"I warned you there were stipulations about entering our world. While under our care, you will follow our rules. They may take away part of your freedom, but I assure you, they are meant to keep you safe. Understood?"

"Depends what they are."

Frank returned to the doorway and said, "Get some rest, kiddo. We've got a long day tomorrow."

"Frank?"

"Yeah?"

"Thanks again for taking me in."

Frank smiled again. "Thanks for giving us a chance. Good night, Valeria."

With the door closed, Valeria found some pajamas in the dresser and changed. The joint she stole earlier was still in her pocket. She tapped it against her lips, uncertain if she should celebrate now, or save it for a special occasion. She opted for the latter and hid it in the dresser. The floor creaked outside, and she slammed the drawer shut as Jada entered the room.

"Our bedroom is downstairs," she said. "Let us know if you need anything."

"Thanks." She exhaled slowly, relieved she hadn't been caught. She walked over to the bathroom, brushed her teeth, returned, and crept under the covers. The bedroom was mostly unadorned, but with closer inspection, patches of peeling paint were visible in rectangular patterns. Posters might have lined these walls, but they must have been recently torn down.



This was Bianca's room.

This was Bianca's room. She had never had her own bedroom before. Even at her parent's house back in El Salvador, Valeria had shared a bedroom with her parents in their small flat. When her aunt brought her to the United States, they lived in overcrowded conditions. Her aunt passed away from cancer not long after their arrival to the United States, and since she was a minor, she couldn't be deported and was forced into the foster care system.Throughout the years, she had always shared a room with other kids at the shelter, and always hoped to be adopted someday. But no one ever wanted her.

As she got older, Valeria learned how to escape the orphanage and tried to make her own way in the world, but always found the deck stacked against her. She tried to follow the rules and find work, but no one would hire an underage girl with no work history or formal education. No one except thieves, drug dealers, and pimps.

She focused on stealing and found it came naturally to her. She tried to retain some code of ethics and stole what she needed to survive, with the exception of sneaking into a few movie theaters. She was always on the move; no place felt like home. Her thefts landed her in the juvenile detention center, and things just went downhill after that.

The nicely decorated bedroom was completely foreign, like she had entered another world. The bed was too soft, the extra blankets excessive. Unable to sleep, she took one of the blankets, a pillow, and laid supine beside the bed. She wasn't sure which world would be the most difficult to adjust to: the Rogue world, or this formal one.

Rogue formal Lying on the floor, she replayed the conversation from the stairwell in the back of her mind. Frank had said she could change everything. What did he mean by that? Could she change the Rogue world? The real world? Both? The answers eluded her as she drifted off to sleep.

#

When she woke it was to the smell of bacon overwhelming her nostrils. She checked the clock next to the bed. Seven-thirty. Readjusting her pajamas, she got up , yawned, and descended the stairs. She found Frank and Jada in the kitchen making breakfast.

She almost didn't recognize them in their civilian clothes. Both wore glasses, with Frank dressed in a buttoned-up shirt and khakis; Jada wore a flower printed dress, her hair pulled back in a bun. Frank flipped bacon on the broiler while Jada stirred eggs in a pan. Their transformation was incredible; they looked like ordinary people.

"Morning, kiddo," Frank said, placing the bacon on the table. "What do you want to drink?"

"Have any orange juice?"

"Of course," Frank replied, heading toward the refrigerator.

"She can get it herself," Jada countered. "Glasses are in the cupboard."

Valeria went to the cupboard, removed a glass, and grabbed the orange juice from the refrigerator. She sat at the table and poured a glass, but Jada addressed her again, her tone strict and authoritative. "We made breakfast, you'll set the table. Silverware is over here."

Groaning, Valeria stood and approached the cabinet. She was already getting tired of being bossed around. She grabbed three sets of silverware, tablecloths, plates, and set them in a clumsy pile at three places on the table.

Frank sighed as he arranged the silverware. "This is how you correctly set a table. Tablecloth goes on the left, with the fork on top. The knife and spoon go on the right side."

"Does it really matter?" she asked with a sigh. It was her first day in the formal world and she was already failing.

"Yes, it does," Jada said, shuffling eggs on her plate. "Learning the little things will help you blend in better."



Studying Frank and Jada in their civilian attire, she asked, "Is that why you're dressed that way? To blend in?"

Frank placed two pieces of bacon on her plate. "Exactly. Every good Rogue needs to blend in with normal society. Thieves like us are better than most," he said, taking the seat across from her.

The smell of bacon was overwhelming, and her stomach rumbled in anticipation. She reached for a piece, but Jada swatted her hand and took the other seat.

"We say Grace first. Honey?"

Frank bowed his head. "Dear Lord, thank you for this meal we are about to receive. Thank you for bringing Valeria to our home, and let your servant Prometheus watch over us all. Amen."

That name sounded familiar. She looked over at Frank, her eyebrow raised. "That's the second time I've heard that name. Why did you mention him instead of Jesus?"

He looked over at Jada, but she shook her head. "You take this one."

"Of course," Frank said, "As Christians, we also worship Jesus. But as Rogues, we also revere Prometheus: the original trickster and thief. His story serves as the inspiration for Rogues everywhere."

"His story?"

"Prometheus was a Titan in Greek mythology," he continued. "He was a Rogue who rejected the rules Zeus dictated to humankind. He stole the gift of fire and delivered it to us." Frank grinned as he reached for a piece of bacon. "One could say, Prometheus was the original Robin Hood."

"He was also sloppy and got caught," Jada added, her tone impatient. "He was punished for the rest of eternity for his crimes, and thus the other moral of the story: never allow yourself to be caught."

Frank nodded. "Which brings us to the rules. If you want to live with us, you will follow our rules. They'll save us from danger and being caught. Understand?"

and Valeria stuffed her face with a spoonful of eggs. "Lay it on me."

"Do not talk with your mouth full," Jada quipped.

She swallowed the food and wiped her face. "Sorry Ma'am."

"First rule," Frank said, pointing a finger at her. "You will let us know where you are at all times, unless you're at school. Something simple like a text is enough."

She smirked, realizing this rule involved something she wanted. "That might be easier if I had a phone."

"Oh, don't worry," Jada countered, "I have one right here." She removed a cellphone from her pocket and slid it across the table.

Valeria inspected the outdated phone with disgust. She anticipated some kind of smartphone, but this outdated device didn't match that description. "This is my phone?! This thing looks older than I am!"

"It gets excellent signal and exchanges text messages anywhere in the world," Jada countered. "You don't need a smartphone - they make people dumber anyway."

Frank frowned at Jada. "My wife is a little more old school. You'll start with this. If you behave, maybe I'll get you a smartphone."

Valeria groaned with disapproval before pocketing it. "Alright. What's next?"

Jada adjusted her glasses. "You will go to public school, where we expect you to maintain a 3.0 grade point average."

Valeria stared at her wide eyed. "You can't be serious! I haven't been in school for years! There's no way I can succeed there." Others might use this argument to cut class, but not her. She was already afraid of failing as a Rogue. Would she really be able to balance training and school? If she failed at both, would she still be welcome in this house?



Jada wagged a finger at her. "Not with that type of attitude."

Valeria crossed her arms, her defiant posture an attempt to mask her fear. "Why do I have to go to school? You want me to be an expert thief, right?"

"We do," Frank said, pinching the glasses on his nose. "The most important thing an expert thief needs is an alter ego."

expert Valeria studied his attire, and realized he was right. "I see, like Clark Kent for Superman?"

"Exactly kiddo."

"So, what's your alter ego?"

Frank straightened in his chair and adjusted his collar. "My name is Detective Frank Malone, Burglary Division."

Her mouth dropped. "You're a cop? No freaking way!"

"Surprise!" He grabbed a piece of bacon and took a large bite. "Go on honey. Your turn."

She turned to Jada, who adjusted her dress and cleared her throat. "Good morning class. My name is Mrs. Janelle Malone, and I will be your English teacher today."

Valeria covered her mouth, stopping herself from exclaiming, you've gotta be shitting me . The truth was unbelievable and undeniable. The most revered criminal in the world was an English teacher.

you've gotta be shitting me and "That's right," Jada said, her politeness gone. "We work forty hour work weeks, pay our taxes, and go to church on Sunday."

"Sounds crazy, right?" Frank asked, a smile across his face, "but when you think about it – it makes sense. We blend in with normal society, and no one ever suspects us of anything. In this way, we remain invisible."

"In order for us to remain invisible," Jada added, "you will need to become invisible too. You will pose as a foreign exchange student from Mexico City. Your name is Valeria Ramirez from now on. Understood?"

"Why not change my first name?"

"Normally I'd agree," Jada said, "but for your first alter-ego, it might be easier to keep the same first name. I changed mine, Frank didn't."

"It's my way of mocking them," Frank said with a laugh. "I am Frank Malone and Frank Pipino, expert police officer and master thief at the same time."

"I guess I can understand that," Valeria replied. "What's the next rule?"

Jada narrowed her eyes, her intense gaze piercing through her. "You must maintain your alter ego at all times. You can never tell a non-Rogue who you really are. No matter what."

"Okay. Anything else?"

Jada leaned closer. "There are some more personal rules we would like you to follow. No hard drugs, and no boyfriends for the first few weeks."

Valeria rolled her eyes. She had no issue with the drug policy, but the boyfriend one irked her. She had encounters with boys before, but nothing long term. Even so - who were they to dictate the terms of her social life? The rule might ensure her focus on Rogue training, but it still felt restrictive. She felt the urge to protest this, but ultimately decided it wasn't a deal breaker.

"Curfew is at eleven," Jada added. "If you break it, you'll be punished."

"We'll be angrier if you don't tell us where you are," Frank said. "If you're going to be late, let us know. The punishment will be lighter."

"Okay," Valeria said. "Sounds fair. Anything else?"

Frank looked over at Jada, but she didn't have anything else to add. "That's pretty much it. Other than those rules, you're free to do what you want."

"What about my training as a Rogue? When does that start?"

"Let's see you survive a week in school first," Jada countered. "We will begin your training after that."

Valeria groaned with disapproval. Part of it was impatience; the desire to unlock her powers as a Rogue was undeniable. But part of her was anxious. Despite her performance in the Hall of Shadows, Valeria still had doubts. Would she succeed at Rogue training? Would she live up to their expectations? The idea of waiting a week to find out was unbearable. "Do I really have to go to school? Can't I start training and find a job?"

"Absolutely not," Jada replied, her tone absolute. "Every child trained in the Thieves guild attends school. We want you to blend in with other children, and sharpen your mind."

Frank nodded. "While your stealth can grant extraordinary abilities, it's still not a Rogue's most valuable tool."

He pointed to his head, and Valeria crossed her arms against her chest. She knew another lecture was on its way.

"That's right," Frank continued. "It's our minds. Using our brains to outsmart an opponent is a Rogue's best tool, and no offense kiddo, yours could use a tune up."

"If you really struggle with school in the beginning, we'll help you," Jada added, "but we expect you to become independent. Understood?"

"I do. I'll try my best."

Frank shook his head. "Losers rant about their best . Winners promise to make things happen."

best "You think I'm a winner?"

"I know you are," he replied, his tone cheerful. "You just need to believe it too."

She smiled back and said, "Alright, I won't let you down."

"I know you won't kiddo. Have fun shopping today." He turned to his wife and kissed her cheek. "I'm off to get groceries and school supplies. Did you need anything else?"

She considered this a moment. "Maybe a daily planner, or some kind of personal calendar?"

"I'll get you one. Alright ladies, have a good day."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 7: Balancing the Scales


Valeria found it difficult shopping with Jada; her taste completely differed from her own. She agreed to some of the old fashioned dresses, but made sure to pick out some torn jeans, T-shirts and tank tops. They shopped for cosmetics, underwear, jackets, and a purse. She had asked if they should save money by stealing, but Jada did not approve.

"Most of these businesses are family run. They make their living with these stores, and we do not harm the innocent," she had scolded.

After a long morning of shopping, they stopped at an eatery with a bar and ordered their lunch. While they ate, two men at the bar stared at them with eager grins. One flagged the bartender and whispered in his ear. The waiter disappeared and returned with two glasses of wine. Both men picked up the glasses, walked over to their table, and presented them with the drinks.

"Hello ladies," one said, holding the drink out to Jada, "we figured you could use some company."

Jada smiled and took the glass as the other man placed his glass in front of Valeria. Without saying a word, she saluted them with the glass and turned it upside down, spilling its contents at their feet.

The man jumped back and glared at her. "What are you doing, lady?"

"Wasting your money," Jada said with little concern, "cause you're wasting my time."

"That glass cost me fifteen bucks you crazy –"

Jada grabbed a knife from the table and held it menacingly close to his midsection. "That's a lot less than the surgery to reattach your boys if you don't back off," she hissed.

Both men looked at each other with bewildered expressions before scampering away. She flipped them the bird, readjusted her napkin, and assumed a normal posture.

"You really are a piece of work," Valeria said, her mouth curled into a grin. "But I'll admit it. That was great."

"That wasn't great," Jada replied, pouring Valeria's wine glass on the floor. "That was an important lesson. Never accept a drink from a stranger, especially a man. You never know what they could have done to it. You must be on your guard at all times."

"Is that some expert advice, Rogue to Rogue?" Valeria asked with a hint of sarcasm.

"No," Jada replied, shaking her head. "That's expert advice, woman to woman."

From a young age, Valeria knew this statement was true. Whether it was at the orphanage, her abusive foster parents, living on the streets, or avoiding harassment from male guards at the detention center, she was always on the defensive. "So I'm a woman now?"

"You are just a girl to me," Jada replied with a sigh. "But others will see you as an attractive young woman. Unfortunately you will need to be on your guard all the time, as a Rogue, and as a woman. You can choose to remain a silent victim, or you can speak up and defend yourself. Understood?"

"Got it." Valeria met her eyes, trying to act disinterested. She had never seen such a strong female figure before, but she still didn't want Jada to know just how much she admired her. Jada was right; Valeria had always been a silent victim. She had always played defense , and maybe that was the problem. Maybe it was time to start playing offense .

defense offense "Alright," Jada said, removing the napkin from her lap and placing it on the table. "If you're finished, I've got a surprise for you."

"Oh yeah, like what?"

Jada paid their lunch bill, and said, "You'll see." She stood and motioned for Valeria to follow. They left the eatery and continued along the shopping district until Jada stopped in front of a familiar store with an apple logo.



Valeria turned to her with a wide grin. "So, I get an iPhone after all?"

"Yeah right," Jada replied, her tone sarcastic. "I already told you: no Smartphone. But," she continued, taking Valeria's arm in her own, "A high school student, and Rogue in the modern age, both need a computer. So go try them out. Pick one, and it's yours."

Valeria embraced her in a tight hug. "Thank you so much Jada!"

She looked uncomfortable and gently pushed her away. "Go on now, girl. Go pick out a computer so we can go home."

Valeria beamed at her before walking into the store and examining the different laptops around the room. She settled for a slim white laptop near the back, and Jada discussed the terms with a sales representative. Later, they exited the shop with their bags in tow. As they passed through the bustling crowds in the streets, she took a moment to stare at the skyscrapers all around her.

Maybe Frank was right; this city really is full of possibilities.

Maybe Frank was right; this city really is full of possibilities. #

# After lunch, they returned home and found Frank watching television. Jada announced she needed to leave and attend to Sovereign business.

"Want to watch a movie?" Frank asked from the couch. "Ocean's Eleven is on right now – might be a good learning experience."

Valeria crossed her arms. "I was hoping to do something more productive on a Saturday night."

Frank massaged his chin. "Like what?"

"Like learning how to be a Rogue."

Frank considered this a moment. "We're supposed to start next week. Jada would be pissed."

"Not if she doesn't find out."

He laughed. "Fair enough. Get some dark colored clothes on, and meet me back down here."

Her lips pulled back into a mischievous grin. Her new father figure wasn't just a decent guy; he was easy to manipulate. She ran upstairs and changed into a pair of black leggings, a white t-shirt, and a black hooded sweatshirt. A pair of tennis shoes finished off the ensemble. She made sure to tie her hair back in a ponytail before returning downstairs.

Frank stood in the foyer. He had already changed his outfit; he wore a black suit and tie with pristine black shoes. Valeria whistled as she approached. "Well, you sure clean up nice."

"Thanks," Frank said, a look of disapproval across his face. "I guess the disheveled teenager look will do for now. That look will work in the streets, but not for higher end gigs."

"Which are we doing?" she asked.

"Hitting the streets. But let's see what you've got first."

"Excuse me?"

"I've got a watch, a wallet, and a phone on me," he replied. "Pretend I'm a target on the street. Take them without me noticing."

"But you can see me coming," Valeria protested. "I always pick-pocketed people from behind."

"Sometimes you won't be able to sneak up on people. You need to learn distraction and misdirection. Go on, give it a shot."

Valeria studied him for a moment, trying to think of an angle. Her lips curled into a smile as she thought of an idea. "Excuse me sir, do you know what time it is?" Frank held up his watch, and she huddled beside his arm.

"Whoa! Is that a Rolex?!" she asked, feigning excitement as she stepped beside him. She studied the watch with her left hand, while gently checking his breast pocket with her right. "I've always wanted one of these!"



"Nope!" Frank exclaimed, spinning away before she could snatch his phone. "Do not talk about a person's possessions; this will arouse suspicion. Try again."

Her second attempt involved asking for directions to the nearest pharmacy.

"Nope," Frank corrected again. "People may temporarily stop to give directions, but you will not hold their attention with that tactic."

"Hold their attention?"

"Yes. Do you see this picture over here?" He asked while walking over to the fireplace. "Take a look at this picture. It's me with President Obama."

She walked over beside him, her mouth ajar. She already found Frank impressive, but this new revelation was incredible and unbelievable. "You knew Obama? No way!" Preoccupied with his story and examining the photo, she didn't even flinch when he gently placed an arm around her shoulder.

and She normally would have been uncomfortable with a gesture like that. But the way he did it was subtle, gentle, and didn't raise any red flags. There, in that moment, she felt like a daughter listening to one of her dad's annoying stories.

"Of course I knew Obama," Frank continued, a goofy grin across his face. "Do you want to know what he taught me?"

She didn't really care about the story. She cared about the feeling. A sense of belonging to a family again. To having a Dad again, and feeling safe. But she had been deceived before, and vowed to never let it happen again. She shrugged him off and looked closer at the picture, eyes narrowing.

"Wait a minute. That's just you with Dontrell." She turned toward Frank, who held up her necklace with a devilish grin.

"Gotcha! But here's my lesson for you. The best way to misdirect anyone is with an interesting narrative. Tell people a story they want to hear, and you can both misdirect, and direct them in any way you see fit."

Valeria ripped the necklace from his hands, trying to conceal her anger. Part of it was directed at his deception, part of it at her stupidity for falling for his trick. But most of all, she was angry at herself for lowering her guard around him. She needed to be more careful.

"Okay Frank," she said, trying to mask her anger with sarcasm, "You got me on that one. Can you show me some more tricks?"

He spent the next thirty minutes showing her different pick-pocketing techniques including handshakes, shoulder taps, and accidental collisions. All the techniques relied on misdirection, where Valeria would need to divert someone's attention with movement or a narrative. She found these skills easy to learn; they were only slightly more complicated than those she used as a thief on the streets.

After an hour of practice, Frank beamed at her and said, "It's only ten o'clock and you have an hour till curfew. Wanna go practice in the real world?"

Valeria nodded with an eager grin. "Of course."

Twenty minutes later, they stood near a busy intersection within downtown Brooklyn. Bars, shops, and street vendors were bustling with patrons everywhere.

"Alright, kiddo. Bring me a wallet. Remember the person you steal it from."

"Why?"

"I want to see if you can steal, and replace a wallet undetected."

She frowned, placing both hands on her hips. "You want me to steal a wallet and replace it?! Why do that?"

"Well," Frank said with a sigh, "number one: we don't steal from the innocent. Number two: I want you to be skilled at taking and planting things without being detected. I'll give you five minutes for your first one. Go!"

and

Valeria took off and searched for a target. Her eyes narrowed on a businessman talking loudly on his cellphone nearby. Smiling, she walked up behind him, happy to start off with an easy target.

She waited until he stopped at a crosswalk and stood beside him. His wallet bulged from his front pocket, and was easily removed without any form of distraction. She sprinted back to Frank and showed him the wallet.

"Alright. I'm going to follow you. Let's see if you can return it."

She ran back to the same street and caught up with the same businessman. He was still yelling into his phone, and with him distracted, she crashed into him. The blow caught him off guard, and he dropped his cellphone to the ground.

"What the hell, lady?!" the businessman barked, bending over to grab his phone.

As he stood, she swatted the phone away. "Throw away your phone, mister! It's just another tool the aliens use to spy on us!"

The man's brow furrowed; he looked confused and annoyed. "What the hell...?"

the She grabbed his suit jacket with both hands and stared at him wild eyed. "The aliens are here! I'm telling you we're all doomed!"

He struggled to release her grip. "Let go of me!"

Valeria let one hand go, the other held his coat. She placed the wallet back in his pocket just as he pushed her away.

"You touch me again, and I'll call the cops you nut job!"

"Run away! Save yourself!" she yelled before running off in the opposite direction. She stopped in front of Frank, who was trying to refrain from bursting into laughter.

He regained his composure, looked at her with a smile and said, "Well, that was definitely entertaining."

She shrugged her shoulders. "It worked didn't it?"

"I guess so," he said, unable to conceal a laugh this time. "Ready for another one, kiddo?"

"Yeah, bring it on."

Valeria successfully pick-pocketed and returned: three wallets, two phones, and one necklace over the next thirty minutes. With each attempt, her confidence grew.Even Frank admitted improvement after the fifth attempt. She had spotted a woman dressed in a fur coat and hurled different animal friendly protests. When the woman's husband tried to push her away, she stole his wallet, held it behind her back for Frank to see, and returned it all in one continuous motion.

"I have to admit, I liked that one," he said, clearly impressed. "Even I thought you were a real PETA protester."

"Who said I wasn't?" she replied, a subtle smirk crossing her lips.

"Well, I'm really impressed. Follow me."

She followed him down the corner to a bar, where she saw several people smoking outside. A sign outside read: The Crazy Mare.

The Crazy Mare. "This bar is a notorious hangout for thugs, criminals, and dangerous alcoholics," he said. "You won't find any innocent people coming out of here."

"Okay, so you want me to pickpocket one?"

Frank nodded. "It might be a little more challenging, but if you succeed, you can keep whatever you steal on this attempt. Hold on just a sec," he checked his phone, and his carefree smile disappeared after reading a message.

"Change of plans," he said, his tone serious, "Jada just texted. She needs help with faction business."

"Can I help?"



"No, this sounds serious. Think you can find your way home, or should I hail a cab?"

Valeria crossed her arms. "I can walk home."

"You've got your key?" Frank asked while texting.

"Yeah I got it."

He pointed a finger at her. "Seriously, kiddo. Go straight home, okay?"

Valeria groaned and rolled her eyes. "Fine, I will. Bye, Frank." She waved goodbye, and when he turned, a subtle smile crossed her face. She started walking back home, but stopped after a few blocks and checked to make sure he was gone. Confident that the coast was clear, she retraced her steps back to the Crazy Mare.

Alright, let's see if I can do this.

Alright, let's see if I can do this. She studied the people exiting the bar. One was a large man in a silk shirt and jacket, and from across the street, she could see he had a poorly concealed pistol within his jacket. He certainly didn't look innocent.

As Valeria followed him, she planned her strategy and noticed he was about to pass by a group of people smoking beside a lamp post. She reached down for a rock, made sure to remain hidden within the shadows, and waited. Once he passed by the group, she threw the rock and hit him in the back. She slipped back into the shadows before he turned around.

"Okay, which one of you kids was the wise guy?" Valeria's target asked, his tone and body language threatening. They laughed and ignored him. He must not have appreciated their response because he walked up to the group, pointed his gun and repeated the question. As the people around the lamp post panicked and tried to plead their innocence, Valeria stayed in the shadows. Without making a sound, she crept past them and found the perfect position as her target finished his verbal threats.

"That's what I thought," he barked, replacing his pistol. He turned and took a step forward, but crashed into Valeria, who was waiting for him. She pretended to grab his jacket to keep her balance.

"What the hell?!" he yelled.

She tried to appear innocent and terrified as she held his jacket. "Dios mio! You okay? Lo siento y perdoname por favor!"

The man wrestled with her and said, "Let go of me you stupid girl. If you don't let go, I'll call ICE and they'll send you back to Mexico where you belong."

Valeria grinned at him. "Gracias gilipollas, y buenas noches." Thanks douchebag, and good night.

Thanks douchebag, and good night. He frowned as he adjusted his jacket and stormed off. "So many stupid beaners in this city now."

Valeria's goofy smile faded to a smirk as she walked the opposite direction. She stopped by a trash can, reached inside her sweatshirt, and dropped his pistol inside. Walking amongst the shadows, she removed his wallet next and counted the money inside.

Two hundred and fifty dollars. Not bad.

Two hundred and fifty dollars. Not bad. She pocketed the wallet and started walking home. Along the way, she noticed a group of homeless people begging for change, and two figures caught her attention. A young girl, maybe ten or eleven years old, sat cross-legged in front of her mother, who slept behind her. The girl had smooth tan skin and long dark hair not much different than her own. She walked over to her and noticed she was surrounded by cooking utensils and pans, a handmade sign, and a collection of plastic wrapped baked goods.

Valeria offered a weak smile as she approached. "Buenas noches. Que vendiendo?" Good evening, what are you selling?

Good evening, what are you selling? The girl smiled back. "Igualmente, senora. Tengo quesadillas." Good evening, ma'am. I have quesadillas.

Good evening, ma'am. I have quesadillas. She eyed the baked goods and her mouth started to salivate, her stomach growled. The girl noticed and smiled as she unwrapped one of her goods, broke off a piece, and handed it to her. She smelled the baked bread, which had a similar consistency to American pound cake.

Valeria knew most Americans would recognize the Mexican version of the quesadilla - grilled tortillas filled with cheese. For natives of El Salvador, the quesadilla was completely different, and had more in common with American cornbread or coffee cake. She ate the piece of quesadilla slowly, its savory and sweet components overwhelming her senses.

This is so good and reminds me of home.

This is so good and reminds me of home. She closed her eyes and remembered her mother making this desert back in El Salvador. When she opened her eyes, they were moist with tears.

"Estas bien?" The girl asked with concern. Are you okay?

Are you okay? "Si," Valeria said with a weak smile. "Esto me recuerda a mi hogar. Voy aqui a la seis anos." Yeah, this just reminds me of home. I came here when I was six.

Yeah, this just reminds me of home. I came here when I was six. "El Salvador?" the girl asked.

"Si, San Salvador. Y tu?" Yeah, I'm from San Salvador, and you?

Yeah, I'm from San Salvador, and you? "Mismo," the girl replied, offering two wrapped baked goods. "Hice esto yo mismo. Aqui, toma uno gratis por favor." Same. I made these myself. Here, take this one for free please.

Same. I made these myself. Here, take this one for free please. Declining, Valeria shook her head. She couldn't believe the homeless girl would offer her free food.

"Por favor, insisto," the girl pleaded. Please, I insist. In spanish, she explained how a local bakery allowed her to use their oven every morning before they opened. She used donations from a bin to acquire the inexpensive ingredients.

Please, I insist. The girl finished her story and asked Valeria to take the food again. Having an idea, Valeria accepted the food and offered a hug. The girl smiled and embraced her.

"Gracias nina. Como se llama?" Valeria asked while they hugged. Thanks little one. What's your name?

Thanks little one. What's your name? "Alejandra. Y tu?"

"Valeria."

"Regresse para mas?" Alejandra asked. You'll come back for more?

You'll come back for more? Valeria smiled as they separated. "Si, me veras de nuevo." Yeah, you'll see me again.

Yeah, you'll see me again. She bid Alejandra farewell and started walking home. Smiling, she removed the wallet she stole earlier – which no longer held any cash – and casually tossed it into a nearby trash can. Maybe balancing the scales of financial opportunity was more important to her than she thought. She beamed with pride as she walked away, barely noticing the man watching her from around the corner.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 8: Mother of Exiles


Valeria waited at home until midnight, but neither Frank nor Jada returned. Exhausted from the day's events, She gave up on any goodnights and went upstairs to her bed. When she woke up the next morning, she brushed her teeth and heard arguing downstairs. Without making a sound, she crept along the hallway, eavesdropping from the stairwell.

"I still can't believe Dontrell is behind this," Jada protested.

"Who else would have, or even could have done it?"

"Well," she replied as Frank finished speaking, "if someone had followed my orders instead of spying on the girl, we might have caught the perpetrator."

"I promised to look after Valeria , and I'm a man of my word," he replied, his tone firm.

Valeria "I hope she was worth it."

"She was," Frank replied, sincerity resonating through his voice. "She disarmed and pick-pocketed a Gambino thug without being detected."

"Not bad," Jada said with little interest, "But not too hard either."

"True," he countered, "but she turned around and gave away all the money to a homeless girl on the street. She really is a good kid, just like Bianca. We're lucky she chose us."

Valeria bit her lip. She wasn't too surprised to hear Frank followed her, and was annoyed that she fell for one of his tricks again. She didn't expect the comparison to his daughter. She remembered something he said at the diner a few days ago.

" You remind me of someone I used to know ."

You remind me of someone I used to know Frank had promised to look after her like a daughter during the accommodating ceremony too. At the time, she wasn't sure she believed it. Could it be true? Did he really see her as a daughter first, protege second? She didn't get to process this further as Jada continued speaking below.

"Well, it's sweet that you and the girl are bonding. Too bad that won't help me prevent a war."

"You don't know that will happen," he said, desperation in his voice.

"It might be inevitable."

"That's why the girl is more important than ever!" Frank exclaimed, his voice loud and absolute.

"Shut up!" Jada fired back in a hushed voice, "you'll wake her up."

Valeria decided that was enough. She walked downstairs without trying to hide her descent. "I'm already up. I'd have to be deaf to not have heard you." She entered the kitchen and found Jada glaring at Frank.

"Morning kiddo -" Frank started, but Valeria cut him off.

"Cut the crap. So you were spying on me last night?"

"Yeah," he said, his eyes meeting hers. "I made a promise didn't I?."

Valeria couldn't tell if he was being sincere or manipulative again. "Are you doing that because you actually care, or because I'm special ?"

actually special "Both," he replied without hesitation.

"Why am I so special?"

"You're not ready to hear that yet," Jada said, taking a step between them. "If you succeed with your schoolwork and Rogue training, we'll discuss it."

"I want to know now!" Valeria protested, her fists clenched. "You said I could be important for some kind of war? I think I have every right to know what that means."

Jada walked up to her and came within inches of her face. "You are entitled to nothing. I invited you into my house and my faction. If you wish to remain safe within both, you will do as you're told. If you don't like it, you're more than welcome to try and survive on your own."



Valeria met her eyes and saw a fierceness she hadn't noticed before. For the first time, she was actually afraid, and could see why Jada was the leader of this faction of outlaws. She wanted to fight back. She wanted to know the truth. But Jada wasn't someone to be trifled with, and it was time to cut her losses and live to fight another day. "No. I'm sorry."

Jada sighed, her gaze softening. "Listen to me, girl. My husband and I are doing everything we can to keep you safe. A lot is happening in the world right now, but you need to focus on things you can control: going to school, blending in, and Rogue training. Understood?"

Valeria nodded. She understood Jada's position, but didn't agree. She would find out the truth someday, with or without their help. After that disappointing argument, Valeria found the rest of the day enjoyable. Frank and Jada decided against discussing the Rogue world, and focused on the regular world instead.

The afternoon was a little boring; they forced Valeria to attend a Sunday mass at their church. Frank promised a surprise if she behaved and played along. This surprise turned out to be a new bike, and the three of them spent the afternoon cycling around Manhattan. They went bowling afterwards, and despite it being her first time, Valeria discovered she was quite adept at the sport. It helped stave off the looming anxiety of starting school tomorrow. She had just bowled another strike when Frank approached her by the ball return.

"Maybe you should join a bowling league," Frank teased.

"I'm not sure Jada will let me," she said with a hint of sarcasm.

Jada removed her ball from the return and shook her head. "I said I'll push your limits. I want you to be strong, but I never said I'd make you into a machine. You're a kid, Valeria. If you work hard, you'll get to play hard."

She looked over at Jada with surprise. While Frank reminded Valeria of her father, Jada was nothing like her mother. She was unlike any woman she'd ever met before, and Valeria found her fearsome and admirable. She was strong, fierce, independent, but most important of all - she was fair.

and When they finished bowling, the evening was capped off with hot dogs, ice cream, and stopping near the harbor to see the Statue of Liberty in the night sky.

"First time seeing Lady Liberty?" Frank asked.

"Yes."

Frank pointed at the statue with his ice cream cone. "You know what she stands for?"

Valeria shrugged and recited the first thing that came to mind. "Freedom?"

He approached the fence and looked at the statue along the horizon. "That's what she started off as: a gift from the French meant to symbolize the colonies shaking off their chains of the monarchy. She became an even more important symbol later on."

Jada groaned. "Here we go again."

He frowned at her and said, "This is important, and I want Valeria to hear it. Ever heard Lady Liberty's poem?"

"There's a poem about her?"

"Uh huh," Frank said, a subtle grin across his face. "It's ironic that most Americans revere Lady Liberty, but many forget what she truly stands for." He turned toward the statue and saluted her. "The poem goes: not like the brazen giant of Greek fame, with conquering limbs astride from land to land, here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand, a mighty woman with a torch, whose flame is the imprisoned lightning, and the name Mother of Exiles ."

Mother of Exiles "Lady Liberty is supposed to be the Mother of Exiles?" Valeria asked.

Frank grinned at her. "Maybe you've heard this part: keep ancient lands, your storied pomp, cries she with silent lips. Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door."

She listened to the familiar poem that sent chills running down her spine. "I've heard that before. Why are you telling me this?"

"On the drive here," Frank continued, "You told me this city had nothing to offer an immigrant like you. I want you to understand that's not true, and that statue is proof of that. You belong here , and any idiot who tells you otherwise doesn't understand the principles the country was founded on. Do you understand?"

that belong here idiot She studied him a moment, unsure how to respond. As an orphan, a teenage girl, and especially as an immigrant, there were times when it felt like she didn't belong anywhere. Standing with them and looking at the statue, she realized that wasn't true. She had found a world where she was accepted, and would do anything to remain within it.

"Yes," she said, her voice quivering, "I do."

"Honey?" Jada asked. "Can you get me a bottle of water please?"

"Sure thing hon," he replied with a nod. "I'll be right back."

Valeria turned and hovered over the fence, staring at the statue with newfound admiration.

Jada leaned over the fence next to her and focused on the statue. "He's a good man, my husband," she said without making eye contact. "A naïve idealist, but an overall good man."

Valeria offered a quick side glance. "I can tell there's something else you want to say."

"He sees this country as it should be, not for what it truly is."

"And what would that be?" Valeria asked, raising an eyebrow.

"It's a country half filled with racists, misogynists, xenophobes, and corporations that constantly screw over the poor, huddled masses, time and time again. He was born with privilege, and will never see the world as we do."

Valeria exhaled, the momentary sense of pride evaporating. Every time Frank lifted her spirits, Jada was there to bring her back down to earth and confront the harsh reality. She looked over at the statue with a somber stare. "So, you're saying there's no hope for me then."

"I didn't say that," Jada said, her voice firm. "I simply see things for what they are. Frank told you what he thinks when he sees that statue. Do you want to know what I see?"

"Yeah?"

"I see a ninety-three meter tall woman who gets struck by lightning 600 times a year. She was built with a flexible skeleton, so she sways and endures the endless storms that come her way. She's always taking a step forward, despite the chains at her feet meant to hold her back." Jada turned, and their eyes met. "She's a symbol for all women. A reminder that life is hard - but even in the face of adversity - you must keep your head held high and keep moving forward." She placed an arm around her shoulder and said, "That's what I see in her, and what I see in you."

"You really see that?" Valeria asked with surprise. She found her new mother figure hard to predict. Jada could act like a nurturing mama bear one moment, only to be replaced by a ferocious grizzly in the next.

"I do, but it doesn't matter what I see. It matters what you see when you look in the mirror. Ah," Jada said, turning toward Frank and reaching for the water bottle. "Thanks, Babe." Ready to go home, Valeria?"

"Yeah, I am."

"You ready to start school tomorrow, kiddo?" Frank asked with a hint of sarcasm.

"Not at all," Valeria said with a nervous laugh. She looked over at Jada and continued with, "but I'll keep moving forward anyway."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 9: Back to School


Valeria didn't get a wink of sleep that night. When the alarm went off at seven, she turned it off, sat up in bed, and studied her reflection in the mirror ahead. Her tousled black hair was a mess. She had bags under her eyes. She had experienced terrible situations before, but they were at least familiar. The notion of going to school, a place she hadn't been in years, made her particularly anxious; she was afraid of the unknown.

She showered, brushed her teeth, and dressed in a simple t-shirt and jeans. She opted for something plain to avoid standing out. She applied a minimal amount of makeup, brushed her hair, and went downstairs where Frank and Jada waited for her.

"Already packed your bag, kiddo," Frank said while handing a book bag to her.

Jada offered a piece of toast coated with peanut butter. "Already packed your lunch. Eat this for breakfast, it will keep you full. "

" Valeria wasn't sure who was more nervous; her new foster parents or herself. While other parents might have worried about their kid adjusting to a new school, her situation was more complicated. She needed to succeed and avoid exposing herself as a Rogue.

"Now remember," Frank began, but Valeria cut him off as she grabbed the toast. "Don't tell anyone I'm a Rogue. Got it."

"Have your phone?" Jada asked.

Valeria removed the old phone from her pocket. "Unfortunately, yes."

"Good," Frank said, handing her a note-card. "Directions to the school. It's a twenty minute walk or ten minute bike ride. You decide."

"Bike - definitely."

"Sure you want to get all sweaty?" Jada asked, her face bunched into a frown, "and while we're at it – you want to wear that on your first day? Not one of the dresses?"

"Clothes are all right," Frank added, "but maybe too much makeup. Sure you don't want some glasses to blend in more?"

Valeria groaned as she finished the last bite of toast. "I'll be fine. I'm not sure who's more nervous; me or you guys."

Frank put an arm around Jada. "Alright, kiddo, we'll stop. Have a good day at school."

"Remember, your name is Valeria Ramirez!" Jada yelled as she left the kitchen. "Foreign exchange student from Mexico City!"

"I got it!" Valeria yelled as she opened the front door. " See you later!" She exited through the front door and found her bike waiting at the bike rack. She unlocked it, studied the note-card's directions to the school, and hopped on.

Seems easy enough.

Seems easy enough. Valeria breathed in the city air as she cycled to school, passing crowds of people on their way to work. She marveled at the massive scale of the city and the people that inhabited it. Giant buildings were everywhere, towering above them like a concrete jungle.

The school was situated within the buildings, but unlike the modern skyscrapers, it looked small, plain, and outdated. Crowds of teenagers piled into the school entrance on the street via buses or carpool. She looked for a bike rack, but didn't see one anywhere.

No one else rode bikes except a boy approaching from the opposite street, and she motioned for him to stop. He was tall, dark skinned, and wore a green t-shirt.Valeria also took note of the instrument case strapped to his back. "Excuse me, do you know where the bike rack is?"

He brushed away strands of coarse black hair from his eyes, his forehead moist with sweat. His face remained blank, but his eyes widened upon noticing her.

When he didn't respond, Valeria cocked her head to the side and asked, "are you alright?"

"Yeah, I'm fine. Sorry were you talking to me?"



"You're the only other person on a bike. Who else did you think I was talking to?"

"I don't know," the boy stuttered. "You just caught me off guard. That's all."

She found his reply and demeanor odd; the question was a simple one. But if a question was too complicated, perhaps a simple command would have to do. "Well how about you just pretend I'm invisible and go lock your bike. I'll follow behind you."

"Okay."

She followed him to a small parking lot nearby. As he locked his bike, she pulled up beside him and locked her own.

"I don't think I've ever seen you before," he said. "Are you new?"

"Yeah. I'm Valeria. I'm a new foreign exchange student," she said, offering to shake hands.

He looked at her hand, paused, and shook it. "Nice to meet you, Valeria."

They continued shaking hands for a long awkward moment. She tightened her grip on his hand and asked, "You gonna tell me your name?"

"Oh...yeah. My name is Sai. Sai Gupta."

"Sai...that's an interesting name. Isn't that some type of weapon?"

"If you're a fan of the Ninja turtles," Sai said, a smile across his face, "then yeah. It's Raphael's weapon."

Valeria nodded, realizing Sai was right; Raphael was the Ninja Turtle with the red bandana . "So your parents named you after a weapon? That's kind of badass."

. "I wish," Sai replied with a laugh. "They named me after Sai Baba of Shirdi, a legendary Hindu figure." He paused a moment before adding, "But that doesn't mean I'm not a badass."

She hadn't expected that response. While it would have sounded arrogant coming from most people, Sai almost sounded cool. Almost . "Alright Mr. Badass," she said, trying to hold back a smile, "think you can escort me to the front office?"

Almost "Yeah. I can do that."

They talked all the way to the office. He was a nerd, but also charming in his own way. After receiving her schedule and leaving the office, Valeria found him sitting in a chair strumming his guitar.

"Take any requests?" she asked with a smile.

"For you my dear, of course."

"Know any songs by Camilla Cabello?"

Sai grinned as he started strumming a familiar tune on his guitar. "Havana ooh na na," he sang with a surprisingly harmonious voice. "Half of my heart is in Havana ooh na na."

She couldn't help but grin. She was about to say something before an office assistant opened the door.

"Mr. Gupta! I already told you - no playing guitar in the hallways! Get to class - both of you!"

Sai picked up his guitar and pointed at her, a playful smile across his face. "You got me in trouble. Shame on you."

Laughing, Valeria followed him down the hallway. "You're a badass, right?"

Sai shrugged. "Maybe I am - when I'm with you. Your class is over there," he said, pointing to a nearby classroom. "Hopefully I'll see you around."

"You will. Goodbye Sai," she said, waving before entering the classroom.

She was greeted by an older African-American teacher with graying hair. He smiled and said, "You must be Valeria? I'm your homeroom teacher, Mr. Duvall. The office told me we had a new foreign exchange student."



She handed him a paper from the front office with her information. "Yes, that's me. Where should I sit?"

Mr. Duvall shook his head. "Wait here a second. Listen up, everyone! We have a new student joining us today. She's an exchange student from," he trailed off before turning to Valeria, "where are you from, my dear?"

Blushing, Valeria cleared her throat. "Mexico City."

"Just what this school needs...another Mexican immigrant," she heard someone protest from the back.

She winced, the words hitting her like a slap to the face. She had endured insults like this before. And while she had developed thicker skin over the years, these comments always found a way to burrow underneath her armored exterior.

Mr. Duvall frowned and looked toward the back of the room. "Who said that! Was that you Mr. Smith?"

"Yeah, it was him," another boy said from the back.

Valeria focused on the back row. A handsome white boy with blonde hair was pointing toward an overweight one.

"Backstabber!" the overweight boy growled at his friend.

"That's enough! Mr. Smith, go to the principal's office - right now!"

The overweight boy groaned, stood, and approached the front of the room. He stopped by Valeria, frowned, and said, "don't get too comfortable here. You'll get sent back like the rest of your kind."

Anger roiling beneath the surface, Valeria wanted to lunge at him. She never got the chance; Mr. Duvall grabbed his arm and forced him toward the door.

"Get out of here, you stupid boy," he chastised.

The handsome white boy with blond hair grinned at her from the back of the class. "Ay caramba! Jerry might not approve, but I sure do!" he exclaimed, whistling in a suggestive manner.

Once again, Valeria wanted to tackle one of her new classmates. She focused on remaining calm, taking slow steady breaths.

"Any more outbursts, Mr. Wormer, and I'll send you to the office too!" Mr. Duvall chastised. He turned to Valeria. "I'm sorry, Ms. Ramirez. Is there anything you would like to share about yourself?"

She looked around the room and thought, yeah - I'm a top recruit for a secret international criminal network. "No, not really," she said aloud.

yeah - I'm a top recruit for a secret international criminal network. "Very well," he said, pointing to the back of the room, "please take a seat next to Ms. Herawitz, near the back."

She clutched her bag against her chest and walked to the back of the room. Some students eyed her with curious or suspicious looks, but most ignored her and conversed amongst themselves.

Taking the vacant desk, Valeria sat and noticed an attractive blonde in the adjacent seat. Her neighbor ignored her and continued applying lipstick and studying her reflection in a personal mirror. An intoxicating perfume wafted into her nostrils, overwhelming her senses. She gagged, unaware the blonde had put her makeup away and turned toward her.

"You're somewhat pretty," the blonde said, eyeing her up and down. "With a makeover, you could be attractive."

"Thanks...I think?"

"I'm Sheri. What was your name again?"

"Valeria," she said, offering to shake hands.

Sheri refused and pointed to her nails, "Waiting for my nail polish to dry, sorry. And you said you're from Mexico? You speak Spanish right?"

Valeria nodded, but didn't offer a reply. She couldn't tell if Sheri was being mean, nice, or stupid, and braced herself for another insult.

"We need a girl like you in our squad. We used to have a Hispanic friend, but she moved with her family back to Miami Beach."



Valeria tried to conceal her distaste . She had never been in a high school before, but she had seen enough movies to understand what cliques were, and didn't plan on joining one today. "Why should I join your squad? More importantly, why me?"

. Sheri winked at her. "Every Taylor Swift needs a Selena Gomez."

Her anger boiled beneath the surface again. While this girl thought she was being nice, Valeria knew this was just another form of racism. In a matter of minutes at this school, she had been exposed to three types: intolerant racism, sexist racism, and coming in third - token racism. "Maybe," she said, trying to remain calm. "I'll think about it."

"Don't wait too long," Sheri said with a hint of impatience. "Offers to join the most popular kids in school don't come around too often."

Valeria turned away as she rolled her eyes, trying to mask her disinterest. She had always been an outcast; her expectations were already low. She didn't care about this school or the people in it. She would start training as a Rogue soon, and that's all that mattered. But she remembered what Jada had said and had an idea. She turned to Sheri. "I want to make friends, but I need to focus on my schoolwork," she said, trying to sound humble. "If I don't keep a 3.0 GPA as an exchange student, I'll have to go back to Mexico."

"That's terrible," Sheri said with a yawn. "Don't worry, I'll get some of the nerds to help you out. I can take you to their table at lunch."

"Sounds good to me." The words couldn't have been more true. Being left at a table with a bunch of nerds didn't sound enticing, but it sounded better than the alternative presented by this racist Barbie Doll. When it came down to it, Valeria had expected to be disappointed today. She expected to be mocked, belittled, and shuffled to the back of the room. She expected to remain isolated and alone. And thus, she never thought she would make new friends today.

Until she did.

#

Later that day, Valeria followed Sheri to a table near the back of the cafeteria. A group of nerds sat there, and Sai was among them. There were two other boys and a girl. She was white, skinny, had red hair, and wore oversized glasses and braces. One of the boys had long,curly black hair and an oversized nose. The other was Asian, with glasses and a collared shirt buttoned all the way to the top. They stopped talking as the two of them approached.

"Hello, fellow classmates," Sheri said, her tone polite.

They offered confused looks, but the boy with the curly hair was the first to speak. "Hello, Sheri Herawitz. I'll do whatever you ask."

Sheri giggled. "Well aren't you sweet. I do have a favor to ask."

He looked up at her with a toothy grin. "I'd do anything for you."

Sheri turned toward Valeria. "Valeria is going to be the newest member of my squad. The only problem is - she needs a 3.0 GPA, or she won't be able to stay. If that happens, she'll get deported, and we wouldn't want that."

"No," the boy said, his face glued into a dreamy grin. "We wouldn't want that. With our help, she'll have a 4.0 GPA."

Sheri looked over at him with a seductive stare and said, "Thanks, John."

"James."

"Whatever," Sheri said, turning back to Valeria. "They'll help with your schoolwork, and when you're ready, you come back to our table. Okay?"

"Okay," she said with little interest.

"Later," Sheri said, releasing a feminine giggle as she walked away.



"Bye Sheri!" James called after her.

Valeria sat next to the girl with the glasses, across from Sai. She hated to admit it, but seeing his smile helped her relax.

"We meet again," Sai said, his smile widening. "Welcome to our table."

James looked over at him, a curious look across his face. "You know her?"

"We met before school," Valeria said, her tone sarcastic. "He explained how he's a badass."

The redhead laughed. "Yeah, right. He's just a hippie with a guitar." Her blue eyes narrowed on Valeria as her tone turned serious. "So, you think we're going to do your work because Sheri told us to? Don't count on it."

Valeria shook her head. "I wasn't expecting that. I would never ask anyone to cheat for me."

The redhead massaged her chin. "Hmm, you might be a decent human being then. I'm Roberta, nice to meet you, Valeria."

"Nice to meet you too," Valeria said, shaking her hand.

Roberta pointed to the boy with the curly hair first. "The guy drooling over Sheri is James."

James smiled with a toothy grin. "Mucho gusto, Valeria, y bienvenidos a la escuela."

She sighed, clearly unimpressed. "Necesitas trabajar en tu juego senior." You need to work on your game mister.

You need to work on your game mister. "What'd she say?" Roberta asked.

James looked confused. "I think she said I need to play sports better? I'm still only in entry level Spanish."

Sai placed a hand on his friend's shoulder. "Forgive my friend. He can be an idiot sometimes. As for me? I'm just your average hipster with a guitar." He smiled at Valeria and said, "You should know, I live a double life - hipster at school, straight-A student at home."

Valeria scoffed at the irony. He had no idea what a double life was; she needed to juggle being a student and Rogue at the same time. "Sounds scandalous. Any other deviant behavior I should be aware of?"

Roberta pointed to their asian friend next to James. "That's Jon. He's quite a proficient hacker, if its deviant behavior you're looking for."

Jon looked up and frowned. "I'm no deviant. I hack systems to seek the truth. You'd be surprised how much corruption I can find with a few keystrokes."

"A hacker with a code of ethics?" she asked, her tone playful. "I like the sound of that. Surprisingly, all of you seem okay to me." Valeria paused a moment. She had intended to lay the sarcasm on thick, but her remark came off as sincere. Perhaps that's how she really felt?

"Wait," James said, narrowing his eyes. "Are you saying you like us - for real ?"

real Valeria shrugged her shoulders. Sure, they were a bunch of nerds. But they weren't condescending or superficial. Sitting with them felt comfortable. Relaxing. Safe. She hadn't felt that way in a long time.

"Why would you want to hang out with us?" Roberta asked. "You could join the Elites, right ? Everyone else would join them."

right Valeria shrugged her shoulders. She met Sai's eyes and said, "I'm not like everyone else, I guess."

Sai blushed and looked away, while Roberta tapped her shoulder. "I just had an amazing idea. You could infiltrate them for us, like a spy!"

"Why does that sound familiar?" James asked.

"That's what Lindsay Lohan did in Mean Girls," Jon said without looking up from his phone. "You don't have to be a spy for us."

Valeria massaged her chin, perplexed by this idea. Frank and Jada had tasked her with learning how to blend in with regular society. This might be a good way to practice. "Alright, I'll be your spy," she said, a mischievous grin across her face. "What's the plan?"



"Find out as much as you can," Roberta answered, her tone eager. "Find out their weaknesses so we can embarrass them."

"That's also from Mean Girls," Jon replied with a yawn. "Not surprising, Roberta. You never have any original ideas."

As the two of them bickered, Valeria weighed the options in her mind. She could follow their plan and embarrass the popular kids, but it felt mean spirited. She didn't want to be friends with that Barbie Doll and her friends, but she needed to practice blending in. What did Frank call it? Being... charismatic ?

charismatic "I'll try to infiltrate them as a spy," she said, laying out her compromise. "But I'm not sabotaging them unless they deserve it. I'll report about any parties or anything else fun they're planning. We can all go together."

James clapped his hands excitedly. "I can't believe this is happening. You know, Valeria, if you really wanna be one of us, you should join our campaign."

Sai looked over at him and shook his head. "Easy there, James. Let's not get ahead of ourselves."

"What the hell are you talking about," Valeria asked, eyes narrowed.

Sai's cheeks flushed beet red. "Nothing important. It's something nerdy, and I doubt you'd be interested."

"She might be Sai," James protested. "After Mike left, we could really use another player. She could be our new Rogue!"

Valeria's eyes went wide. "Excuse me?!"

"You should quit while you're ahead, James," Roberta groaned.

"Why not?" James asked, pointing at his friends. "It makes sense with her spying on the Elites, anyway. It's almost poetic for her to play a Rogue."

Valeria had heard enough. Her heart pounded against her chest, her mouth went dry. She had no idea how or when she'd been discovered. Without thinking, she leaned across the table and grabbed the boy's shirt. "Who told you I'm a Rogue?!"

James released a terrified squeal and held up his hands. "You don't have to play a Rogue. It was just a suggestion."

Valeria leaned closer, tightening her grip on his shirt. A panicked expression crossed his face and she felt a pang of guilt. She swallowed the lump in the back of her throat, and gathered her resolve. She had been given a rare opportunity to become important, and she'd be damned if some rich kids ruined it. "Answer me! How do you know I'm a Rogue?!"

Sai stood, grabbed her arm, and said, "Let him go, Valeria. He was just saying you could join our game."

She maintained her grip and looked over at Sai with narrowed eyes. "Game? What game?"

"If you let me go," James whimpered, "I can show you."

Valeria paused, exhaled, and released him. He dusted himself off, reached into his book bag, and his hands trembled as he removed a colorful thick book and held it up. The title read, "Dungeons and Dragons, Player's Handbook: Fifth Edition."

Valeria exchanged curious glances between the book and her new friends. "This is some kind of game?"

"Yeah," Sai said, his eyes downcast. "I told you it's kinda embarrassing. Just forget about it, you don't have to play if -"

"There's Rogues in this game?" Valeria interrupted, her tone fierce.

Sai shrugged as he took the book and opened it, searching the chapters. He found the section he wanted and turned the book around for her to see. The title of the chapter was titled, "Rogue," and had a picture of a shady male figure in black leather with red accents.

Her eyes went wide, her breath caught in her throat. The image was eerily familiar; it looked like a member of the Assassin guild.

"You're sure you want to play a Rogue?" Roberta asked. "You might be better off playing a healer or something."

Valeria didn't hear her as she read the character's description, which didn't sound much different than the Rogue Faction she joined in real life.

Rogues rely on skill, stealth, and using their cunning to discover their foes' vulnerability to gain the upper hand in any situation. Their resourcefulness and versatility make them the cornerstone of any adventuring party.

Rogues rely on skill, stealth, and using their cunning to discover their foes' vulnerability to gain the upper hand in any situation. Their resourcefulness and versatility make them the cornerstone of any adventuring party. She hadn't taken a breath since reading the description, and her lungs screamed out for air. She took in slow deep breaths, trying to process this new information. Jada had told her the Rogue Faction was a secret, and yet, here she was, reading about it in some book. How was that possible?

"You don't have to play," Sai said, avoiding eye contact.

Valeria shook her head. "No, I'll join you guys. And I'll play the rogue."

Sai looked up, his eyes expressing surprise. "Really? I think you're too nice to play a rogue."

She exhaled again, relief spreading out across her body. She was too nice? This guy had no clue who she was, or what she was capable of. Her secret identity remained intact, and that should have been the end of it. But Valeria still had unanswered questions. She wanted to know how this game related to her secret life."Thanks, but I'll still play as a rogue. So, what do I do?"

too James took the handbook and held it out for her. "Read over the chapter and make a character sheet. The instructions are in there. We try to play once a week."

"Alright," she said, placing the book in her bag, "Count me in. When are you playing next?"

"Well," Sai said, looking at James. "Tonight. But you could always wait until next week."

Valeria shook her head. She wanted Frank and Jada to meet her friends and see their game . They might reward her for bringing it to their attention. "I can play tonight. Why don't you guys come over to my house?"

game "Seriously?" James asked.

"We wouldn't want to impose," Sai added.

"Shut up, Sai," Roberta chastised. "Just take the invitation."

"Alright," Valeria said, packing up her things. "It's a short walk to my place. I'll meet you guys by the bike rack after school."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 10: The Walk Home


Valeria tried to concentrate in class throughout the day, but kept pulling out the player handbook and studying it. She made a character, one similar to the guild she chose in real life.

Rogue Thief: Chaotic Good Alignment.

Rogue Thief: Chaotic Good Alignment. Reading the description for the Chaotic Good Alignment made her laugh; it described her perfectly.

A rebel who acts based on their conscience, with little regard for societal norms. These people act in the best interest of others, while showing contempt for trivial laws and regulations.

A rebel who acts based on their conscience, with little regard for societal norms. These people act in the best interest of others, while showing contempt for trivial laws and regulations. Flipping through the different chapters and the various characters one could play, Valeria couldn't help but ask herself, how many of these characters are based on real factions ? The Rogue Faction was very real. Frank said there used to be a Mage Faction, but it went extinct centuries ago. She searched for a chapter on mages, but stopped when she got an odd feeling; she was being watched.

how many of these characters are based on real factions A girl two desks over was watching her from behind a book. When Valeria caught her in the act, the girl hid from view. They repeated this game for the next five minutes until the bell rang.

What a weirdo.

What a weirdo. Exiting the class, Valeria saw this girl in a reflection from one of the windows. She made two quick moves among the crowd of students and slipped into the adjacent classroom. From where she stood, she watched the remainder of the students – including her stalker – exit into the hallway.

She paced around the hallway like a lost child looking for her parents. She was skinny, with long brown hair that cluttered around her pale face. The petite white girl reminded her of Emma Watson, the British actress from the Harry Potter movies. She continued to search for something while clutching her books against her chest, but eventually gave up when the hallway cleared. With her shoulders slouched forward, she sighed and walked away.

something Curious, Valeria peeked out of the classroom. She watched her stalker walk away and wondered why the girl was so awkward. Valeria was about to exit her hiding spot, but stopped when the girl collided into a group of boys. She fell backward and sprawled across the floor, her books scattered around her.

The boys laughed, and one of them pointed at her. "Watch where you're going, freak!"

"I'm sorry," she stammered, trying to collect her things.

"Well," a blonde haired boy said, reaching for something on the ground. "That's not good enough. I think you can do better." He picked up the girl's purse, removed her wallet, and pocketed the cash inside.

Valeria's fists clenched. She remembered this douchebag; he harassed her during her first period class.

"You're such an asshole, Wormer," one of the boys said with a laugh. "You know she's Sheri's friend, right?"

"I don't give a shit," Wormer replied. "She's rich. Daddy can give her more money. Let's go."

The boys laughed and carried on with each other as they walked down the hallway. When they were about to pass her classroom, Valeria bumped into Wormer. She regained her balance by holding onto him, put on her best smile and said, "Perdoname."

"What the –" Wormer exclaimed with surprise. He stopped mid sentence, looked her up and down with a devilish grin, and continued with, "well now, unlike that freak, you're welcome to bump into me any time you want, mamacita."

She continued holding him within her embrace. "That's very nice," she said, attempting an exaggerated Latino accent. "I like man who compliment women." She leaned close and whispered in his ear. "Allow me to return the favor, dick ."

dick

Her knee found its target, and Wormer howled as he clutched his groin, fell, and writhed along the floor. She wondered if she'd have to defend herself, but the other boys ignored her, burst into laughter, and helped their friend up.

"That chick just wrecked you. Not gonna lie - that just made my day," one of the boys said with a laugh.

"Shut up, asshole," Wormer protested as they carried him away.

Valeria watched them leave, a smirk across her lips. That made my day too , she thought to herself. She turned and noticed the girl at the end of the hallway, watching her from the floor. Half of her things remained scattered around her, but she didn't seem to care. Their eyes met as she approached. "Need a hand?" she asked, extending her hand.

That made my day too The girl blinked, her hazel eyes widening. "N-No. Excuse me," she muttered while dusting herself off and collecting her things.

Valeria sighed, knelt beside her, and helped collect any remaining items.

"I still can't believe you did that," the girl blurted out. "That was awesome."

"It was nothing," Valeria replied with a laugh. She picked up the last piece of paper and studied the handwritten title at the top. Less Love. "Hey...what's this?"

Less Love. The girl's eyes widened as she snatched the paper away. "It's a poem I wrote for English class. Thanks for your help, but I really need to go."

Valeria shrugged and handed over the rest of her belongings. "Whatever. You shouldn't let assholes walk away with your money."

The girl sighed, clutched her books against her chest and said, "It was just forty dollars. It's not a big deal."

Valeria's jaw clenched. Forty dollars would have filled her stomach for a week on the streets. She reached in her pocket, removed the cash she stole during the confrontation and held it up. "Well, I was going to give this back to you. But if it's not a big deal, I could just keep it..."

"You stole it back?" the girl asked, her tone reflecting surprise and admiration. "For me?"

Rolling her eyes, Valeria sighed and handed her the forty dollars. She could have said it was a down payment to avoid being stalked. She could have mocked the girl's inability to defend herself. There was also the truth; she stole the money for herself. But she paused as they locked eyes, and a different answer escaped her lips. "It was the right thing to do."

"Well, that was nice of you," the girl said, a goofy smile crossing her face. "I-I've got to go. I'll see you around!" She turned and ran off down the hallway.

"Hey!" Valeria yelled after her. "You never told me your name!" But it was too late, the girl was gone.

#

School ended an hour later. Valeria had searched the school grounds for her new stalker friend, but the girl was nowhere to be found. She exited the school and found a familiar group of nerds waiting by the bicycle rack.

"Did you make your character sheet?" James asked, brushing away a strand of his long curly hair.

"Shut up, James," Sai chastised, his cheeks flushing bright red. "Again, we don't have to play that game, Valeria. We can just hang out or watch a movie."

She removed the handbook from her bag, opened it, and removed a handwritten page inserted near the front. "I made my character – or at least most of it. I didn't understand all the details." She held out the paper for them to see. She hoped this would make Sai smile, but he seemed more surprised than anything.



"I just gotta say," James said, his voice ripe with anticipation, "I'm super excited for you to join our campaign. We are going to kick some serious ass."

Laughing, Valeria unlocked her bike. "Whatever you say. What characters do you guys play?"

James banged his fists against his chest. "I'm a Fighter! I smash everything in my way."

Roberta took a bow and said, "I play a Druid. I've always been a nature lover. Sai isn't the only hippie of our group."

Valeria looked over at Jon, who performed an interesting set of hand gestures.

"I play a Monk. I used to think it was stereotypical, being the asian kid who plays a character who uses martial arts. But after a while," he said, shrugging his shoulders, "I figured - what the hell?"

Smiling, she looked over at Sai. "And you?"

"Well, I kinda followed a stereotype like Jon," he said, his tone sarcastic, "I picked a healing Cleric. My parents are both in the medical field, so I'm sure they'd be proud," he said with a sigh. "Lead the way, Valeria."

Valeria led the way back to the Pipino residence, and while James, Roberta, and Jon engaged in a heated debate about a television show, she chatted with Sai as they walked with their bikes. "So, do you really want to end up in the medical field?"

"Not really," Sai said, looking away and taking slow deep breaths. "But I don't have much of a choice. My family is full of doctors and pharmacists, so it's pretty much expected that I'll follow in their footsteps."

She offered a curious side glance. "If you could do anything else, what would it be?"

He pointed to the guitar case strapped to his back. "I'd love to join a band, or have a solo career someday. But it's probably just a pipe dream. I don't really have that Justin Bieber or Shawn Mendes look."

"Music doesn't always depend on looks. I've heard you play – you sounded pretty good to me."

"Well," Sai said, a goofy grin on his face, "thanks for saying that. I usually keep telling myself that no one wants to listen to an Indian singer. But then I think of my idol – Freddy Mercury – and I keep telling myself I could be like him someday."

"Freddie who?"

Sai stopped, turned and glared at her. "You're kidding, right? Please tell me you're kidding."

She shrugged. "If it's not contemporary music, I'm usually clueless."

Sai groaned as he motioned for Jon to hold his bike, reached for his guitar case, and removed the guitar.

Roberta laughed behind them and padded Valeria on the back. "Oh boy. Now you've done it."

Sai stomped his feet on the ground twice and clapped his hand against the guitar with a single strike. He repeated this beat, the rest of the group joining him. While they continued the beat, Sai started singing familiar lyrics. "Buddy you're a boy make a big noise playing in the street gonna be a big man someday, you got mud on your face, you big disgrace, kicking your can all over the place, singin' We Will, We Will, Rock you!"

Valeria's lips pulled back into a wide smile as he continued to sing the famous song by Queen. While she had heard of the famous band and their legendary song, she forgot the lead singer's name. When he finished the chorus, she motioned for him to stop. "Alright, alright," she pleaded with a laugh. "I apologize. I forgot he's the lead singer from Queen. He was Indian?"

Sai shook his head as they walked. "He was Persian, but he grew up in India, Zanzibar, and England."

"If you're still doing requests," Roberta asked from behind, "I'll take We Are the Champions next."

We Are the Champions

Sai looked over to Valeria for permission, and she nodded. "Go ahead," she said with a smile. "I like being entertained while walking."

"Yes ma'am," Sai said, looking away and strumming his guitar as the group walked to Valeria's new home.

She kept stealing side glances as he played. He wasn't just good - he was phenomenal. His talent was unlike anything she'd ever heard before, and she found it increasingly difficult to keep her eyes off him as he sang. One could say he was... mesmerizing .

mesmerizing When they reached the front porch of the Pipino residence, he stopped singing and placed his guitar back in its case.

Released from her trance, Valeria walked up to the porch first and checked the door. It was unlocked, and she motioned for them to follow. She entered and was surprised to find the living room occupied by four people. She recognized Jada and Frank immediately, but it took a moment to recognize the other two.

The representatives from the Pirate and Ninja guild. Their names were Xun and...Penny?

The representatives from the Pirate and Ninja guild. Their names were Xun and...Penny? She remembered meeting them during the accommodation ceremony. They wore mostly civilian attire; the female ninja was dressed in a punk rock getup, her hair pulled back in a ponytail, while the pirate with wavy blonde hair wore ripped blue jeans and a wide-necked t-shirt.

"Ah, Valeria," Frank said, noticing her standing by the front door. "You made some new friends at school?"

Frowning, Jada crossed her arms against her chest. "You brought friends over without calling us first?"

She looked at Jada and struggled to produce a response. She was right; she should have called. A list of excuses piled up in the back of her mind, but they proved useless as Sai took a step forward and spoke.

"It's our fault," he said, bowing his head. "We begged Valeria to let us come over, but it looks like you have company. We can leave if it's a bad time."

Grinning, Penny brushed away strands of her wild blonde hair and pointed at him. "I like him, he's pretty cute."

Jada shot her a dirty look. "Shut up, Penny."

Frank stood and welcomed them inside. "Of course not. Our friends were leaving. Xun, Penny, thank you for agreeing to tutor our new exchange student."

Both women stood, bowed, and turned toward the exit. James walked over to Xun, looked her up and down with an eager grin and said, "You're both tutors? What do you teach?"

Xun frowned. "Martial Arts. I teach girls how to kick the crap out of idiots like you." She pointed at Jon as he laughed. "You think that's funny? You won't be laughing after I knock your teeth out."

"Xun!" Jada scolded. "That's enough. It's time for you to leave. We will contact you tomorrow."

Xun relaxed, headed for the door, and stopped by Valeria. She handed her a book and said, "You will read this before our first session. I will ask you questions about the book, and if you fail to answer them correctly," she said, leaning close, "You will be punished. Understand?"

Her hands trembled as she took the book and inspected its title. Sun Tzu's The Art of War . She nodded, too afraid to think of a verbal response. Xun was almost as intense as Jada, and she didn't want to end up on her bad side. To make sure she didn't forget, she removed the handheld calendar Frank bought her, a pen, and scribbled down a reminder. She looked up as Penny stopped by Roberta.

Sun Tzu's The Art of War The young pirate brushed away a strand of her new friend's long red hair, and said, "Well hello, Red. You shouldn't hide your pretty face behind those glasses."



Roberta's cheeks flushed bright red. She didn't get a chance to respond as Jada chastised Penny again.

"That's enough. Get out!"

Exhaling, Penny blew a kiss at the group. "Nice meeting you all. See ya around."

After they left, Valeria looked over at Frank and decided to exploit his weakness. "I'm sorry I didn't call, Dad . Hopefully you'll still let my friends stay for dinner."

Dad Frank smiled at her. "Sure. How about it, babe?"

"Fine," Jada said, her tone polite. "But you're helping make it. Why don't you introduce us?"

Introducing her new friends, Valeria was surprised Jada was being so accommodating. As they chatted, Jada appeared warm, welcoming, and comedic at times. She seemed like an entirely different person, particularly with Sai.

"I'm glad you were able to make so many nice friends on your first day," Jada said, smiling at Sai. "So, what were you all planning to do tonight?"

James didn't give Sai didn't get a chance to respond. "We're continuing our D&D campaign. Valeria's our new Rogue!"

Frank looked over at Valeria, a smirk across his face. "You're playing D&D with your friends? Isn't that nice?" he asked, winking at Jada.

Laughing, Jada shook her head. "And of all the classes to choose from, you had to pick a Rogue, didn't you? "

Valeria's mouth went ajar. She had expected outrage, shock, or concern, but their body language reflected none. "You know about that game?" she asked, trying to mask her concern.

"Of course we do," Jada said. "Let's just say our family used to know the creators. Our family helped provide some inspiration."

some Unable to contain his excitement, James cut in with, "Your family knew Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson? Wow! That's awesome!"

"Honestly," Frank said, turning to Valeria, "I'm surprised you were interested in playing that."

"Well," Valeria said, shrugging her shoulders, "let's just say I was a little shocked at how familiar it looked. I mean, why didn't you tell me there was a game that described our -"

familiar Jada coughed and interrupted with, "would you all like something to drink? Iced tea?"

"Yes ma'am," Sai said. "Thank you."

Jada turned toward Valeria with an awkward smile that bared her teeth and said, "Valeria, why don't you help us in the kitchen... now ."

now She followed Frank and Jada inside the kitchen, and once inside, Jada pushed her up against the refrigerator.

"What the hell's wrong with you?" she whispered through clenched teeth.

Frank came between them and said, "Calm down, honey. She didn't give anything away."

"She may as well have."

Valeria shook her head. "You're mad at me? What about this game? It gives a detailed description of our faction. How could you let that fly?"

Sighing, Frank said, "The leaders of the remaining factions gathered and discussed it many years ago. We let them have a game based off our factions. This way, everyone thinks we're part of some fantasy land."

"How many factions are real?" Valeria asked. "How many skills from the game are real abilities?"

"When you begin your training," Jada countered, "You will find out. But forget about that for now. Just keep quiet and entertain your friends. Grab the iced tea from the fridge."

She removed the iced tea and poured five glasses. Jada brought over a tray, picked up the drinks, put on a smile, and returned to the living room. Watching her switch faces like that was impressive; it was like watching someone putting on a mask. She turned to Frank who stood there with that trademark smile of his.

"You're just full of surprises, kiddo. You joined a D&D group and decided to play a Rogue. I'm not even mad. I'm impressed."

Sighing, Valeria crossed her arms against her chest. "I figured it might help me understand the life I just signed up for."

"A lot of the game is imaginary," Frank said, his tone serious, "but I assure you, there are some talents that are very real. If you ask me about certain things later, I might give hints whether they're real or not."

"Well," she said, her eyes narrowing, "I already know lock picking, pick-pocketing, and night vision are very real."

"That's just the beginning," he said with a laugh. "You have no idea what you're capable of yet, kiddo. But you're going to find out soon enough."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 11: The Rival Faction


The rest of the evening went smoothly, as Jada and Frank warmed to her new friends without further incident. Jada laughed at most of Sai's and James' jokes, while Frank connected with Jon and Roberta as they entered a fierce debate involving the Lord of the Rings and Star Wars. They dined on meatloaf and vegetables, and once finished, Frank and Jada left them alone for the evening. James then led them in a Dungeons and Dragons session.

Valeria found the mechanics a little confusing; it was a complex numbers game involving twenty sided dice, monsters, and a game master who pretended to be various fictional characters. Their story was titled, The kidnapping of Princess Arelina , and wasn't much different than many typical role-playing stories.

The kidnapping of Princess Arelina The story arc followed a damsel in distress trope, and Valeria found that disappointing. She knew another story where a princess was always getting kidnapped, and the king hired a man to go rescue her.

Super Mario Brothers.

Super Mario Brothers. She tried to sound enthusiastic as they played, but secretly groaned in her mind. What about a story where the princess saves Mario? Now that was a game she'd like to play. Her character started with two skills; Sneak Attack was self explanatory, and she used it every chance she could. The other was Thieves' Cant - an encrypted Rogue language. Since she was the only Rogue in their game, she found this skill useless.

Sneak Attack Thieves' Cant - They played for a little over an hour and killed three monsters. They stopped after Sai and Roberta received texts from their parents, asking for their current location. Sai's parents agreed to pick everyone up and take them all home. He turned to Valeria after putting his phone down.

"Can I use your bathroom?"

"Sure," she replied, "Go ahead."

When he came out, Sai had a new set of clothes on. He traded his stained jeans and Nirvana T-shirt for pleated khakis and a buttoned up collar shirt.

Grinning, Valeria whistled suggestively from the foyer. Sai laughed as he pointed to his new set of clothes.

"I know, I know. My parents think I wear this to school every day. Can you keep a secret?"

"I dunno," she said, her tone sarcastic. "It's gonna cost ya."

"How much?"

"Some more songs later. Better go learn some more Camilla songs."

"Alright," he said, his cheeks starting to flush. "I will."

James, Roberta, and Jon finished packing up their things in the living room and joined them near the foyer.

"Thanks for having us over, Valeria," Roberta said. "I was a little skeptical at first, but you're alright."

"Thanks," she replied. "You guys are okay too. See you tomorrow."

James pointed at her. "Don't sit at our table for lunch. Sit with Sheri and the Elites. We can meet up after school?"

Shrugging her shoulders, Valeria asked, "You really think they want me there?"

"Yeah," Jon said, checking his phone. "They're talking about you. I hacked Sheri's phone, and they plan to do some kind of makeover on you."

"Well," she said with distaste, "I guess that's comforting. You're sure they're not making fun of me?"

Jon shook his head. "Not really. Sheri is, and I quote: super excited to use V's Spanish to find authentic Mexican food downtown."

Valeria rolled her eyes. She wasn't particularly excited about becoming a token Latina friend - especially to that dumbass. She might need to explain that not all Latinos are Mexican . "They're calling me, V?" she asked.

.

Sai looked over at her with a grin. "I kinda like that. How about you?"

"Okay."

"My parents are here," Sai said. "See you later V! Thanks again."

They all said goodbye and she waved before closing the door and leaning back against it. She took a long, slow deep breath, and her lips pulled back into a smile as she exhaled. Despite all her skepticism, she had made new friends today. They were socially awkward and made her play a weird role playing game, but they still made her laugh. She had fun, and it was a feeling she hadn't felt in a long time.

"Look at you," Frank said, exiting the kitchen. "Sounds like you're making all sorts of new friends.."

"You overheard that?"

"Uh huh. You should practice your charisma with both groups."

"Charisma?" Valeria asked, her eyebrow raised. "That's an attribute from that game right ?"

right "Yup. Charisma has been around before that game. We used to call it charm ."

charm "So what else from that game is real?" she asked. "It said a Rogue's most important statistic is their dexterity."

"That's correct. For real Rogues, dexterity measures how quickly and accurately you move."

"Got it," she said, massaging her chin. "Charisma is how much of a smooth talker I am."

"Yep," he replied, a grin across his face. "Remember any other stats from your ceremony?"

She tried to remember the numbers from the accommodating ceremony. "Perception? I don't remember seeing that in the game."

"Perception describes a Rogue's ability to figure things out and plan a strategy. It's like intelligence or wisdom."

"So," she began, pacing back and forth, "Strength and Endurance are self-explanatory. How much I can lift, versus basic cardio?"

Frank smiled. "You got it, kiddo. Those are your key stats. Your dexterity, endurance, and charisma are pretty good. Hopefully school and training will increase your perception, while some good old workouts at the gym will boost your strength. Any other questions?"

"Several," she said, taking a moment to process her thoughts. It was unsettling, the similarities between a roleplaying game and her new life. What role did Rogues serve in the modern world? What about the other types of characters? Were any of them real? And more importantly, are any of them enemies of the Rogue Faction?

"I know what you're thinking, kiddo," Frank said, his grin dissipating. "Stick to questions about Rogues for now. Did you use any skills in your game?"

"I started with two. Sneak attack and Thieves Cant. Can I do those in real life?"

"Well," Frank said with a laugh, "You'll learn to master stealth soon enough. Thieves Cant? Never heard of that one."

"It's some kind of Rogue secret language."

"Ah," he said, nodding his head. "You're talking about Encryption. Yes, we do have a way to encrypt written, electronic, and spoken messages. You'll learn that from Xun – that's a Ninja skill."

"That girl from the Ninja guild?"

"Yeah. Monday through Thursday, you will spend time with each North American Master from the other four guilds. Mondays are with Xun, while Tuesdays you'll be with Penny learning Piracy skills. You remember those two, right?"

Valeria nodded. "What about the other two?"

"Wednesday," Frank continued, "you'll meet Hami, the North American Master of the Bounty-Hunter guild." He paused a moment, choosing his next words carefully. "I'm not the biggest fan of his equivalent in the Assassin guild. You saw her before we met Jada. Her name is Brigitte."



Valeria vaguely remembered the blond haired assassin. She seemed...less than pleasant.

She seemed...less than pleasant. "You're supposed to train with her on Thursdays, but Dontrell just finished an assignment here in the U.S. and has agreed to take her place. I'm a little worried about either of them training you, but don't worry - Jada and I will supervise."

"Why are you worried about them? They're not good teachers?"

"Not at all," Frank said with a sigh. "Dontrell is the most lethal Assassin in the world. He's a good teacher but ..." He broke eye contact as he trailed off.

but "But what? Jada said you used to be friends."

"When our daughter got sick," Jada said as she descended the stairs, "we had different opinions about her treatment options."

"What does that mean?" Valeria asked.

"It's complicated," Frank said. "You were only recently introduced to the Rogue Faction. I don't want to overload you with information about our rival faction."

rival Valeria's eyes narrowed. So it was true - Rogues aren't alone in this alternate world. They had enemies, and now she would too. She looked over at Jada and asked, "what does your daughter's illness have to do with a rival faction? Wasn't she treated at a hospital?"

"She was," Jada said with a sigh. "Heists were needed to pay her medical bills."

"But it wasn't enough," Frank added, cracking his knuckles. His face tensed and his eyebrows furrowed."The Celestials are so damn greedy now, and it pisses me off."

"Celestials?" Valeria asked, her eyes widening. Their enemies had a name, and it made her even more curious. "Who are they? Do you mean doctors?"

Jada shook her head. "Most doctors and pharmacists are normal people. On the other hand, the people who run the hospitals and pharmaceutical companies..."

She stared at both of them, a light bulb going off in the back of her head. "Wait a minute. You're telling me those companies are a Faction ?"

Faction "One of the oldest and most powerful," Jada replied.

Valeria paused and let this information sink in. She knew very little about healthcare, and had limited access to it over the years. Her trips to the Emergency Department were terrible, and she avoided that place as much as possible.

"You look confused," Frank said. "If I were to use layman's terms; people would describe Rogues as stealthy outlaws , while referring to Celestials as righteous healers . They used to heal people nearly free of charge. Not anymore."

Rogues outlaws Celestials healers Gaping, Valeria asked, "you're saying they profit off the sick?"

Frank nodded. "You bet kiddo. It's ironic - they claim to follow the light , but really follow the green like us."

light "The green?"

"He's talking about money girl," Jada said, her tone impatient. Frowning at Frank, she continued with, "Not all of them are bad. The Rogue faction has its faults too – but with my reign – no one is allowed to harm the innocent anymore."

"I'm confused," she said, trying to put the pieces of the puzzle together. "What does all of this have to do with your daughter and your brother?"

Jada closed her eyes and exhaled. "My brother wanted to attack the Celestials' headquarters. He thought we could find a cure for Bianca hidden there."

"But I told him no," Frank said. "No one knows what they have locked up in there." He looked over at Jada briefly before continuing on. "No Rogue has infiltrated the Celestial Stronghold without getting caught, and attacking them would end our ceasefire, resulting in countless Rogue, Celestial, and innocent deaths. I loved my daughter, but I couldn't go along with such a ruthless plan."

She turned to Jada. "What about you?"

Jada sighed. "I was undecided for a long time. In the end, I sided with my husband over my brother, even though I didn't like the decision."

Valeria's eyes widened. "So you just sat by and let your daughter die?" she asked without thinking. She regretted this mistake, but it was too late.

Jada stormed over and shoved a finger in her face. "You do not get to question my decision. If you ever lead some day, I pray you never face a decision like the one I did. I suffer with the consequences every damn day, so don't you dare judge me! Do you understand?!"

"Jada," Frank muttered, his shoulders slouched forward. "She didn't mean it."

Jada turned and pointed at him next. "The same goes for you. I know we made the right choice, but I still hate both of us for it!" She closed her eyes and took slow deep breaths. "Now, if you'll excuse me – I need to go to bed. You should too. It's a school night."

Valeria wanted to respond, but never got the chance as Jada ran upstairs. She had so many follow up questions, but knew the timing wasn't right. She had already caused enough damage with her thoughtless outburst. "I'm sorry about what I said."

"It'll be okay," Frank said, forcing a smile. "She's still mourning, and I don't think she's really mad at you or me. Sometimes...I get the feeling there's something she's hiding from me."

"Like what?"

"I don't know," he said with a yawn. "It's late. You should get some sleep, kiddo."

Valeria studied him, and here in this moment he looked different. The confident man who cracked jokes with endless enthusiasm was gone, replaced by a man worn down by grief and regret. "Do you still think you made the right choice?"

Frank exhaled as he approached the mantle above the fireplace and held the picture of his daughter. "As the days go by, I keep asking myself that question. I don't know that answer, kiddo. All I can say is - I've always wanted to be a Dad, and I've just felt lost without her."

Valeria was urged to console him, but decided against it. She was still skeptical, but her suspicion was lessening. Frank's motives appeared genuine, and she wanted to fill that void in his life. She had always wanted a new father figure after her father's death - but she didn't need one. She needed to be on her guard, and refused to trust him for now. But she hoped she would be able to...someday.



wanted need



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 12: The Grove


Exhausted from the day's events, Valeria collapsed onto her bed, falling asleep immediately. She awoke the next morning refreshed, despite having an odd dream about an upside down world. Dark was good, Light was bad, Hospitals were evil, and Criminal Undergrounds were good. It took her a moment to remember that it wasn't a dream; it was the crazy world she actually lived in.

actually She took a little more time with her hair, jewelry, and makeup this morning before going downstairs. She found Jada sitting alone at the table with two bowls, a carton of milk, and a box of cereal. The woman finished a scoop of cereal from her bowl before looking Valeria up and down.

"Well look at you," she said, leaning back in her chair. "So you have a sense of style after all?"

Sighing, Valeria sat across from Jada and poured cereal into the empty bowl. "I'm glad you approve. Did Frank leave already?"

"You just missed him."

"Police business?" Valeria asked while scooping up some cereal, "Or other business?"

"Other."

The two of them ate cereal from their bowls, neither saying a word. The atmosphere was intense, and Valeria knew she owed her an apology. "Listen, Jada. About the other night..."

"Forget about it."

"I can't," she replied, leaning back in her chair. "I can't imagine what you two have been through. I just wanted to say I'm sorry. Sorry about everything."

Jada looked up and pointed at her with the spoon. "Did I ask for your sympathy?"

"No," Valeria said, her shoulders slouched forward. "But you have it anyway ." She leaned closer to Jada, but her sympathetic gesture was not reciprocated.

anyway "Sympathy won't bring my daughter back," Jada said, scooting back in her chair. "So you're wasting your time. Speaking of time, you're going to be late for school."

Sighing, Valeria could see past her tough woman persona. Her eyes looked weary, forlorn. "Jada, just talk to me..."

"Get going, girl. Don't make me say it again."

Valeria sighed, picked up her book bag, and stopped by the kitchen entrance. "Acting tough won't bring her back either."

Jada didn't respond, and Valeria didn't plan to wait around for one. She made her way outside, unlocked her bike, mounted it, and headed for school. Along the way, her mind raced with conflicting emotions. She didn't understand how a group of healers could get away with profiting off the sick. But then again, the only world she has ever known was corrupt, cold, and cruel.

Like yesterday, she found Sai waiting near the bicycle rack beside the school. "Wow, you look nice today," he said with a smile.

Ignoring him, she slammed her bicycle into the rack and started locking it.

"Umm," Sai muttered. "Not that you didn't look nice yesterday. It doesn't even matter what you look like honestly..."

Valeria groaned as she looked up. "What?"

"I'm sorry if I made you mad."

She shook her head. "I'm mad, but not at you."

Sai removed the guitar case from his back and began opening it. "I could play a song to cheer you up?"

"Not right now," she said, walking toward the school entrance. "I appreciate it though."

Replacing the guitar case around his back, Sai struggled to keep up with her. "Want to talk about it?"



"Not really," she said, stopping to take a breath. Even if she wanted to confide in him, she had no idea where to begin. She didn't understand it herself. "It's complicated."

"Is there anything I can do to help?"

She turned toward him, a smile slowly tugging at her lips. There were things he could do to help, but they didn't involve words. She wanted to act on those impulses, but her past experiences left her hesitant. "No," she said, the regret detectable in her voice."I'm late for class. See you later, Sai."

Valeria rushed to her homeroom class and sat down in her seat. Sheri leaned over and whispered, "wow, you look much nicer today. We might not have to do a makeover on you after all..."

Valeria groaned and slumped back in her chair.

"Did you think about my offer?" Sheri asked.

Valeria exhaled, the deep breath preventing her from blurting out her desired reply. You mean, did I think about being your token Latina friend? She finished her deep breath and replied with, "Yeah, I'll join your gang."

You mean, did I think about being your token Latina friend? "Squad," Sheri corrected.

"Whatever."

Sheri started explaining all the rules of her squad, and Valeria pretended to listen. When the teacher instructed them to open their textbooks, she removed the Dungeons and Dragons handbook from her bag, placed it on the desk, and hovered over it. The rest of the class read about history; she read about Rogues.

"What are you looking at?" Sheri whispered.

"We have a biology quiz later today," Valeria whispered back. "I need to study."

"My friend, Erin, can help you with that. She's a wiz with that stuff."

Valeria mostly ignored her and tried to learn as much as possible about Rogue characters. The summary didn't reveal much, so she focused on the skills section. Her efforts were futile; the skill descriptions were like math textbooks with statistics, values, and equations.

Frustrated, she gave up on the Rogue chapter and started reading about different types of healing characters. Clerics, Priests, Paladins, and Monks. They were all righteous characters that used the power of light to heal the wounded. Priests and Clerics were mostly pacifists; Paladins and Monks combined healing with fighting skills. The book lavished extra praise on Paladins, who used their light to vanquish evil, shadowy forces.

Clerics, Priests, Paladins, and Monks. They sound like a bunch of self-righteous assholes.

They sound like a bunch of self-righteous assholes. Her frustration mounted as the book offered nothing but praise for the " good guy " characters. In a perfect world, she could see how everything would fit into neat little categories like that. All the great mythical stories fit that mold; light pitted against dark, and good triumphing over evil repeatedly. Lord of the Rings, Star Wars, Harry Potter, and even our D&D campaign: The Kidnapping of Princess Arelina.

good guy Lord of the Rings, Star Wars, Harry Potter, and even our D&D campaign: The Kidnapping of Princess Arelina. She wondered what a handbook would say about the world she'd been thrust into. If this world had a story, would the Rogue Faction be the villains? Probably . No righteous hero faction would ever take her in; people like her were never the hero of the story. Screw them, and the high horse they rode in on .

Probably Screw them, and the high horse they rode in on When it came time for lunch, Valeria sat with Sheri at the Elites table. She squirmed in her seat when a familiar blond haired boy sat next to her.

"We meet again, mamacita. Don't worry about yesterday – I like a girl who plays hard to get."

Valeria tried to remain calm as he kept invading her space, but felt increasingly uncomfortable. She was tempted to strike him again, but refrained.



"Leave her alone, Devon," Sheri said. "If you don't leave our new friend alone, I'll make sure everyone knows your little secret. Emphasis on little ."

little Everyone laughed as Devon Wormer stormed off. Most of the teenagers at the Elite table were simple-minded jocks and cheerleaders, but one girl was not like that at all. Valeria scooted over to a seat across from her and smiled. "We meet again, stalker."

"I wasn't stalking you," she said. "I'd just never seen you before. Your name is Valeria? I'm Erin. Erin Tyrell."

She offered to shake hands, but Valeria refused and crossed her arms. "So which are you, Erin. Cheerleader? Jock?"

"Neither."

"Then why are you sitting here?"

"Because her dad is rich," Sheri said from across the table. "Isn't that right, Erin?"

Erin broke eye contact with Valeria and sighed. "I guess so."

"I should've kept the money then," Valeria said, her tone light and sarcastic.

"But you didn't," Erin said, turning back to her. "I never really thanked you for that. It meant a lot to me. I can repay you – Sheri said you need help with biology?"

"I already have help," Valeria said, motioning to the nerd table. She took a sip from her soda can as she waited for Erin's reply.

"Oh please. You can do better. I'm smarter than all of them combined."

Valeria snorted, spraying her drink everywhere. She found Erin's sudden bravado amusing and comical. "Oh yeah?" she asked, removing her biology homework. "Prove it."

They sat together the rest of the lunch period. Erin backed up her claim – she was clearly brilliant, and proved to be a much better tutor than any of the so called nerds. But she was more than that. Erin was humble and supportive, but when she really opened up, the girl released her sarcastic sense of humor – one that rivaled her own. They shared many of the same afternoon classes, and when the day ended, they exited the school together.

"Thanks for all your help today," Valeria said, her tone sincere. "I told Sai and his friends we'd hang out after school. Wanna come with?"

Erin stopped by the sidewalk, clutching her books against her chest. "You wanna hang out... with me ?"

with me "Not really," Valeria replied, her tone smug. "You're kind of a weirdo. You're probably not tough enough."

Erin's serious expression cracked. "For those nerds?" she asked with a laugh. "Please. I'm more kickass than you realize."

"I'm going to require proof. C'mon, hang out with us."

Erin's smile faded as an unmarked black car pulled up to the curb. The driver, who looked like a secret service agent, exited the car and opened the passenger door for her. Her confident posture faded, her shoulders slouched, and she broke eye contact. "I can't. I've got to go. See you tomorrow."

Valeria didn't get a chance to say goodbye as the driver shut the door. The unmarked car zoomed off, leaving her in the dust.

#

After Erin's abrupt departure, Valeria met up with Sai and his friends. They ended up taking her to one of their favorite hangouts; a local video arcade. They hung out for a couple of hours before she left and headed home. She found Jada and Frank making dinner, and helped them with the preparation. They sat, ate, talked, and once finished, she went upstairs and started working on her homework.

Sitting at her desk, Valeria leaned back for a moment and took a deep breath. It suddenly hit her; this is what a normal kid's life is supposed to be like. Sure - school and homework were boring, and balancing that load with two social groups felt a little overwhelming, but she knew these stresses paled in comparison to her previous life.



It took a couple of hours, but she completed her assignments without any help. She looked over at the clock, which read nine pm. She had two hours until curfew, and didn't need to think twice about her next plan of action. She had been good, playing the teenage student all day long. Now it was night time.

It was time to be a Rogue.

Valeria slipped into her black hoodie and pants. Downstairs, she found Jada grading tests in the living room. She tried to sneak by her...unsuccessfully.

"Where do you think you're going?" Jada asked without looking up.

"Going to practice my pick-pocketing again."

"If you need money for something," Jada asked, her voice reflecting irritation, "you can just ask me."

"It's not for me."

Jada's frown faded as she looked up and met her eyes. "I see. Let me guess - the homeless girl you met on the street a few days ago?"

Valeria nodded.

"I thought you didn't care about balancing the scales of financial opportunity?" Jada asked, leaning back in her chair with a smirk across her face.

"I was wrong. I do care, and I'm going to help. So can I go or not?"

Jada removed her glasses and massaged her eyes. "Not by yourself. Give me a moment, and I'll go with you." She disappeared into the bedroom and returned a few minutes later in similar dark colored attire. "Alright, girl," she said, "Let's see what you can do."

A half hour later, Valeria and Jada approached the same bar she had seen last night - The Crazy Mare .

The Crazy Mare "Go on," Jada said with her arms crossed. "I'm watching."

Fifteen minutes later, she had stolen five wallets from various sketchy looking individuals. She returned to Jada, who simply shrugged. "Not bad. Now what?"

Valeria noticed a small souvenir shop nearby, and suddenly had an idea. "I'll be right back." She went inside, found what she was looking for, paid for it with cash, and returned outside. She found Jada standing at the corner, checking her phone.

"I hope you didn't steal that."

"No. I bought a gift for my friend," Valeria said. "We're going to pay her a visit."

"Alright," Jada said, putting her phone away. "Lead the way."

Valeria returned to the familiar homeless corner, and sure enough, she found Alejandra selling Salvadoran quesadillas at the same spot. This time the girl was alone, and when Valeria approached, she erupted into a large toothy grin.

"Valeria!" Alejandra cheered. "Me diste un regalo anoche, no lo hiciste?" You gave me a present the other night didn't you?

You gave me a present the other night didn't you? Grinning, Valeria replied with, ."Si, Alejandra, tengo mas. Donde esta tu mama?" Yeah, and I have more. Where is your mom?

Yeah, and I have more. Where is your mom? Alejandra sighed. "Esta enferma." She's sick.

She's sick. "Lo siento," Valeria replied, her smile gone. "Y segues haciendo quesadillas?" I'm sorry. You still made quesadillas?

I'm sorry. You still made quesadillas? "Si, me encanta hornearlos." Yeah, I love baking them.

Yeah, I love baking them. "Eres muy bueno, deberias conseguir un camion de comida." Valeria said, her grin returning as she handed over the money she stole tonight – two hundred dollars total.

"You really think my food's good enough for a food truck?" the girl replied in English – much to Valeria's surprise.

"Yeah," she replied. "Would you like that?"



"I would," Alejandra replied, her voice uneven. "I love baking, but I feel bad taking your money. You give so much, and I have nothing to offer in return."

Valeria crouched in front of her. "I'm considering it an investment. You use the money to save up for a food truck. In return, I get free quesadillas for life."

Alejandra laughed. "Of course. You really think Americans will like my food? I always feel like I don't belong here."

Valeria had anticipated this response, and removed the gift she purchased at the souvenir store. "Do you know what this is?"

Alejandra nodded. "Lady Liberty."

"She has another name," Valeria said. "Want to know what it is?"

Alejandra studied the miniature statue with wide eyes. "Yes?"

"Mother of Exiles."

"What does that mean?"

Valeria handed it to her and said, "It means this country is a home away from home. You and your food are welcome here. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise."

Alejandra nodded, her eyes gleaming. "Okay." Her eyes shifted as she said, "Hello senora, would you like to try some?"

Jada had crouched beside Valeria. "I would. My daughter says you've got some of the best food in town."

Valeria looked over at Jada with surprise. Did she just call me her daughter?

Did she just call me her daughter? Jada took a piece of the quesadilla and popped it into her mouth. "Damn," she whispered. "This reminds me of my grandma's cornbread. You have a gift, little one."

Grinning, Alejandra said, "Gracias, senora."

"Take this card, little one," Jada said, removing a card from her pocket. "Can you read English?"

Alejandra nodded as she inspected the card. From where Valeria stood, the symbol depicted a group of trees. "A little," Alejandra said. "I've heard of this shelter. The others say it's a safe haven for the homeless."

"It is," Jada replied. "You should go there if you need food, medicine, or shelter. It's close by, and if you ever need help finding it, you can always ask around."

Looking at Jada, Valeria asked, "How do you know about this shelter?"

Ignoring her, Jada smiled at Alejandra and said, "my daughter and I have to go. Stay safe, little one."

"Thank you! Bye senora! Bye Valeria!"

Valeria said goodbye, but repeated her question as she followed Jada down the street.

"Because we run it," Jada answered, her tone impatient. "Groves are a collection of shelters maintained by the Rogue Faction all around the world."

"How come I've never heard of it before?"

Jada sighed and said, "While the Rogue faction created shelters for the homeless over the centuries, it's never been a top priority. Not until the previous Sovereign and my reign. We made it a priority."

"Why?" Valeria asked, struggling to keep up with her quick pace.

"He and I both had our...personal reasons," Jada replied with a less harsh tone.

"Personal reasons?"

"That's a story for another time," Jada said while rounding a nearby street corner. "Hurry and keep up with me girl. I am going to show you something."

Valeria struggled to keep up with Jada for the next fifteen minutes as they navigated the different streets of downtown Brooklyn. After a short while, they reached a rundown section of town, and Jada eventually stopped in front of a boarded up derelict building. The building had no signs or identifying characteristics, except a small rotting door with a symbol depicting a green faced raccoon and a collection of trees, all inscribed within a circle.



Jada walked up to the door and knocked seven times. The door opened, and a young white woman in disheveled clothing greeted them. "Sovereign, I didn't receive word you were scheduled to visit today. Hopefully nothing's wrong?"

"Don't worry," Jada said casually. "Nothing's wrong. Jan, this is my new protégé, Valeria."

The young woman looked over at Valeria and smiled. "Of course! Everyone knows who you are. Welcome to our guild young one."

Valeria smiled awkwardly, not entirely sure how to respond.

"Jan is a member of the Thieves guild like us," Jada said, "Our guild maintains most of the Groves for the less fortunate."

"We look out for them," Jan added, "Since no one else will." She motioned for them to enter and said, "Here, come inside."

Jada turned to Valeria and said, "Stay close to me girl." She turned and bid farewell to the thief guarding the door, before entering the building.

Valeria followed Jada and suddenly noticed a sound getting louder as they progressed inside. They passed by families huddled along the hallways, young children playing tag, and eventually entered a massive room filled with crowds of people. In this room, Valeria observed some groups huddled around makeshift fireplaces, while others passed by different tables set up like food stations. "There's so many," she said while looking around.

Jada followed her gaze and said, "There are. Each Grove provides shelter, food, medicine, basic medical care, education and –" She trailed off a moment, her expression suddenly sad. She choked up a little as she continued with, "– and drug rehabilitation for anyone who needs it."

"They get all that for free?" Valeria exclaimed.

"Not exactly," Jada replied, clearly trying to regain her composure. "Everyone who comes here helps maintain the Grove in their own way, whether it's cleaning, cooking, teaching, child care, or any other form of work. The Grove isn't just a shelter; it's a growing community with educational and training centers. The goal is to help the less fortunate get back on their feet, and eventually obtain skills and documents they need to enter the workforce."

Valeria whistled. "I wish there was a place like this where I grew up."

"We are slowly erecting Groves all over the country, and across the world," Jada replied confidently. "But...like all endeavors, they require time...and money."

"How much money?" Valeria asked.

"Well...this particular Grove required approximately one million dollars at startup, give or take. I should know, since I personally acquired the funds."

"Holy crap!" Valeria exclaimed. "Where did you get that kind of money?"

Jada smirked at her and said, "I didn't get it from pick-pocketing thugs every night. No...I targeted a particular wealthy businessman notorious for evading taxes, along with other misdeeds. After a carefully laid out plan, I was able to persuade him to make a generous donation."

Valeria raised an eyebrow. "How did you do that?"

"I stole a video that showed him..." she trailed off with a laugh. "Let's just say I found something that made him look bad."

"So you blackmailed him."

"Blackmail sounds so evil," Jada said with a grin. "Let's call it penitence. A man who had more than enough paid for his sins by helping pay for this place. You'd be surprised how many wealthy members of society are far from innocent."

"I see," Valeria replied. "So like Robin Hood, you steal from evil rich people and give it to the poor. Why don't you take all their money?"

"First off," Jada said with a sigh, "Not all wealthy people are evil. I make sure we find the guilty ones, and they're the ones we target. Second – believe it or not – I wish we didn't have to steal anything. In a perfect world, the politicians would tax the wealthy proportionally to aid the less fortunate – but since that's never going to happen – it leaves me no choice. Third, no matter how wicked they are – we don't ruin them. We only steal enough to help the poor survive, rise, and eventually thrive. In this way, we keep the American Dream alive."

"Sounds like a political ad," Valeria said with a sarcastic tone.

"Unlike politicians," Jada replied impatiently, "I actually deliver. When I say I want to balance the scales of financial opportunity, I don't mean everyone should have the same amount of wealth. I mean everyone should start with a good education, healthcare, food and shelter. A family shouldn't have to choose between paying for a child's books versus their medications. In other words, if we're all playing poker, everyone should start with the same number of cards."

"I see," Valeria said while massaging her chin. "So even a Latina immigrant, like me, can maybe end up in the middle or upper class someday?"

Jada shrugged. "If you work hard enough...yeah. It shouldn't matter if you're a minority, immigrant, or a white American struggling in rural America. Someday, the Rogue faction will make sure everyone has a chance to succeed in a fair economic system. That's my dream, and it all starts here," Jada said as she motioned to the large room filled with people.

"Alright," Valeria said with a hint of admiration. "How can I help?"

"You can help by learning how to become a powerful Rogue. Work hard, study hard, and learn from us. Who knows," Jada said with a wink, "Maybe if you work hard enough, you will take my place someday."

Valeria looked over at her with surprise. "Did you just give me a compliment?"

Jada smirked and said, "I said maybe. Come along girl, it's time to get back home. You have school tomorrow."

"I don't know how I'll be able to focus on school after seeing this place."

"You can," Jada replied forcefully, "And you will."

Valeria took one last look around the room before following Jada to the exit. She had never seen such a massive shelter before, and wondered how her life might have turned out differently if she had access to a place like this when she was younger. In the end, it didn't matter.

All she could do was focus on moving forward.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 13: The Upside of Anger


The next day at school went terribly slow. Valeria tried her best to pay attention in history class, but felt her mind racing with so many different thoughts. She found it difficult to focus, knowing so many people needed help.

Deciding to skip her third period class, Valeria pretended she was sick and made for the library. She walked inside and sat down at one of the computer workstations. Google proved a good way to find information about the Grove shelters, as it linked her to a website with a list of locations around the world. As she sieved through the information about the shelters, she didn't find any trails that suggested these institutions were actually backed by the Rogue faction, as the website simply listed numerous charities and sponsors.

"Hey V," Sai said as he took a seat at the computer station next to hers. "James texted that you were sick.You feeling better?"

"I was lying so I could skip class."

"Didn't want to take the history test, huh? You should be careful," Sai replied, a frown forming across his face. "You could get detention."

Valeria rolled her eyes. "Uh oh, that sounds really dangerous."

"You really are a rebel, V," Sai replied with a nervous laugh. "So let me guess – are you just checking your social media to pass the time?" He leaned over to inspect her screen, but she minimized it in time.

"What I do with my spare time is none of your business," Valeria countered. "And no, I don't use social media."

Sai offered a curious look. "You mean to tell me – you don't use Facebook, Twitter, or Snapchat?"

"No," Valeria replied while shaking her head. "Why are you here instead of class?"

"I have a free period right now, so I came here to work on my SAT prep."

"What's that?" Valeria asked.

Sai simply blinked at her with disbelief. "You don't know what the SAT is?"

Valeria felt an odd combination of embarrassment and disinterest. While she knew that high school students had to prepare for college, she wasn't aware of all the intricate details. She didn't really care about any of it of course, but she also didn't want Sai to think less of her. It was strange - she had never really cared what other people thought about her until she met Sai.

"I'm sorry I don't know about that. I'm mainly just trying to fit in," Valeria said truthfully, before quickly adding, "I'm an exchange student, remember?"

"I guess that's true. Well, the SAT is what colleges use for admissions. So let me get this straight; you don't care about social media...you don't care about skipping class...and you're not worried about preparing for college?"

"Nope, not at all."

Sai looked over at her with surprise. "Wow, you really are unlike any girl I've ever met. What do you worry about?"

Valeria sighed. She was worried about social and economic disparity in this country, she decided now was not a good time to get into that. "I try not to worry about little things anymore," she said. "I used to have bigger things to worry about."

Sai scoffed as he said, "Bigger things to worry about? Like what?"

Frowning, she said, "you wouldn't understand," before turning back toward her computer.

"Try me," he said, his head cocked to the side. "What could be worse than stressing about getting into college?"

Valeria turned toward him. Any sense of reservation evaporated as her frustration clouded her judgement. "Oh I don't know," she said, her voice quivering, "maybe worrying about starving to death? Freezing to death? Worried about getting killed or assaulted by gangs? Maybe being afraid of a girl's detention center where girls are constantly harassed by male guards? You know...little things like that."



Sai stared at her with disbelief. "You experienced all that in Mexico?".

"Yes," she lied, making sure to keep her exchange student alter ego intact.

"Wow," Sai replied with disbelief. "That explains a lot. I'm sorry, I had no idea..."

"Of course you had no idea," Valeria interjected. "Wealthy kids are too self-absorbed to care about kids in poverty, whether it's other places around the world, or right here in the U.S."

Sai raised an eyebrow. "There are kids living in those conditions here?"

She took a long deep breath, trying to reign in her anger. "Yes," she said through clenched teeth, "there are. So do me a favor, and go back to studying for your SAT. I have more important things to worry about."

Sai looked over at her and bit his lip. "I'm sorry, V. I didn't mean to upset you. I just didn't know about your past. I hope you can forgive me. If not...I'll just leave you alone." He started to get up, but Valeria sighed and motioned for him to sit back down.

"It's alright – you don't have to leave. I'm honestly surprised you're not afraid of me." The fact that she hadn't sent him running for the hills was truly a surprise. People had always abandoned her at the first sign of trouble, but this boy was different.

"Why would I be afraid of you?" Sai asked.

"Because I'm poor, uneducated, and uncivilized unlike you and your friends. I guess you could say I belong to a different class."

"Screw that!" Sai exclaimed with distaste. "My parents left India because they were tired of the lingering caste system there. They came here, worked hard, and found success in the medical field. So no, you are not part of a different class, and no, I'm not afraid of you. I actually kinda admire you..."

"You admire me?" Valeria asked with disbelief. Deep down, she was truly flattered. No one had ever said they admired her before. She wanted to take the compliment and accept the fact that Sai liked her. But years of mistrust boiled to the surface and erupted from her mouth like word vomit. "Pft, yeah right. You must think I'm some kind of moron. Let me guess, you use this routine on all the girls?"

Sai looked taken aback. "Excuse me?"

"You heard me. I see what you're trying to do, and it won't work."

"What am I trying to do?" Sai asked. "I was just being honest."

Valeria frowned at him. "Honest? If you want to be honest, why don't you just say you want to get in my pants? I'd respect that way more than lies and mind games."

"Uhh," Sai replied nervously, "For the record – I actually do admire you, and no, I wasn't trying to be a creep. But...I could ask you out - if you want me to."

Valeria studied him curiously. "No thanks," she said, but quickly regretted it.

"Okay," Sai said with a hint of disappointment. "Just checking."

After an awkward silence, Valeria turned back to her computer and opened the window where she left off, searching for more information about the Grove shelters.

"What are you reading about?" Sai asked as he looked at her screen. "Homeless shelters?"

"Umm," Valeria trailed off, trying to think of an excuse. "Just doing research about poverty in the US... for a... for a project."

"I can help if you want. You seem pretty stressed."

Valeria considered this a moment, but decided against it. "No, it's my project."



"Which class was this project for again? " Sai asked. "I could just ask around and see who else can help and..."

Valeria cursed under her breath, realizing her lie would easily be detected if she didn't do something. She needed to create a distraction. "You wanna get out of here?"

"Here," Sai said, his voice cracking, "Like the library?"

"School," Valeria replied. "Wanna go bowling?"

Sai looked at her with surprise. "I still have two classes left. You want me to cut class?"

Valeria shrugged her shoulders and said, "You need to lighten up. I mean honestly, what's the craziest thing you've done lately?"

"Umm, nothing I guess."

"Well, let's go," she said as she stood up, and walked toward the exit.

Sai followed quickly behind, and said, "Just for the record, did you just ask me out?"

me Valeria shook her head as she held the door for him. "Nope."

"Okay," he said, his shoulders slouched forward as he reached for the door. "Just checking," he muttered before following her out of the library.

#

Just like her time with Frank and Jada, Valeria found she really enjoyed bowling with Sai. The boy was terrible at it, and she beat him handily in both frames, but he didn't seem to really mind. He cracked jokes about his terrible play, while offering nothing but praise for Valeria's skill and precision. As they played on, he inquired more about her past, and Valeria tried to provide snippets of truth intermixed with lies, hoping she wouldn't sabotage her alter ego.

Valeria bowled her last strike, and sat down next to Sai gleefully at the scorer's table. "So, what's that bring the total to?"

"Well," Sai said as he continued tabulating scores, "I don't think it really matters, since you almost tripled my score."

"Must be embarrassing – getting schooled by a girl?"

"You're not a good sport, you know that?"

Valeria laughed. "I should have warned I'm competitive. So what's the total?"

Sai shook his head and said, "It doesn't matter. You won, and I had fun."

"You had fun?" Valeria mocked. "You must like being punished."

Sai shrugged. "I guess so. I'm definitely going to be punished if my parents find out I skipped school."

Valeria sighed. She was being a bad influence, forcing Sai to break rules in ways he never had before. While she had never had any issues breaking the rules before, this time was different. She felt a mix of emotions at the notion that for the very first time - she had a partner in crime.

"If you're so worried about it, why did you come?"

Sai's cheeks flushed. "Well –"

"–It's not like anyone knows we're here," Valeria interjected.

Sai looked like he was about to offer a response, but they both turned as someone coughed behind them.

"That's not true at all," a familiar voice said.

Valeria closed her eyes and exhaled. She was in big trouble. She turned and found Jada standing behind them, both arms crossed; the woman looked angry as hell.

big Sai turned and started to panic as he exclaimed, "Ah Mrs. Malone! I'm sorry, this is my fault and..."

Jada narrowed her eyes. "Shut up boy. I know this wasn't your fault. You have three seconds to grab your things, and make your way back to school."



Sai nodded and turned to Valeria. "Thanks again Valeria. I really did have fun, and let me know if you ever -"

"Time's up," Jada interrupted. "Get moving!"

Sai flinched and initially froze like a deer caught in headlights, before running for the exit.

"As for you," Jada said, her icy stare focusing on Valeria. "You're in big trouble."

big Valeria leaned back in her chair, not wanting to be intimidated. " For what?"

"Let's see," Jada began as she stepped closer. "You skipped class and came to a bowling alley without texting us where you were. You also encouraged a classmate to skip school with you for a date. Did I miss anything?"

Valeria frowned. "It wasn't a date. I just needed a distraction. I mean, it was really hard to concentrate in school today."

Jada shook her head with disbelief. "So, you not only made the boy skip class. You made him think you care about him, when you were really just using him." Jada sighed as she finished with, "And Frank said you're too nice to be manipulative."

"That's not entirely true," Valeria countered. "I can explain if you just..."

"Let me explain something to you," Jada interjected. "We warned you that you need to go to school, and notify us if you go anywhere without us. You broke a rule, and now you will be punished. Follow me."

Valeria groaned as she followed Jada outside. Since it was the middle of a weekday, there were relatively few people walking around the neighborhood. Jada directed her to a particularly secluded area behind the bowling alley where the two could speak in private. "Alright Mrs. Malone," she said sarcastically. "Or should I say, Mrs. Pipino. What's your punishment? Detention? Chores?"

"No. Start running laps around this building."

Valeria blinked at her with disbelief. "The bowling alley? Now?"

"Yes."

Valeria raised an eyebrow. "What are you? A drill sergeant?"

"I said run!" Jada yelled. "Or you will be removed from my house, and my faction!"

Valeria flinched at the authority in her voice and decided to take off. She ran her first lap around the bowling alley and slowed as she returned to the secluded area.

Jada hadn't moved an inch, and still had both arms still crossed against her chest. "Did I say you could stop running?"

Valeria looked up at her and gasped for air. "How many laps are you going to make me run?"

"As many as I feel like," Jada countered. "Off you go."

Valeria continued breathing heavy as she completed the second lap. "Can I get a break?" She asked as she came to a stop beside Jada. "I don't think I can run another lap."

Before Valeria could react; Jada ducked down and performed a leg sweep that knocked her off balance.

Valeria hit the ground hard, and gasped for air as she struggled to sit up. She hoped a bystander would notice their altercation and come offer aid, but it was just the two of them. "What the hell?!"

Jada kicked her in the side. "You don't want to play by the rules? Neither will I."

Valeria huddled into a ball and protected her side as Jada kicked her once more. "Stop it!"

"Why should I?" Jada countered. "It's not like you can do anything to stop me!"

Valeria felt her fear transform to anger.She waited for Jada to kick her again, but this time she grabbed the woman's foot and attempted to drag her to the ground. The attempt failed, as Jada was able to slither free and back away. Valeria jumped to her feet and assumed a crude defensive stance. "I've been a punching bag before," she said through deep breaths. "I refuse to be one again. I'm done with you...and your faction."



"If you walk away now," Jada said with a scowl, "You will end up as a punching bag the rest of your life. You think you're the only one who's survived the streets? We're not so different, you and I."

"I doubt that," Valeria countered. "What can be worse than the streets of Camden, New Jersey?"

"Try West Baltimore," Jada replied curtly. "And imagine taking care of yourself, and a younger brother as an eleven year old."

"Spare me your sob story," Valeria groaned. "That doesn't give you the right to hit me."

Jada laughed. "You think I was hitting you? Oh please, I barely touched you. You think people in the outside world will go easier on you?"

"Maybe!" Valeria yelled back.

"You're right. The gang members who murdered your parents would have definitely gone easier on you," Jada taunted.

"Leave my parents out of this!"

"Did I hurt your feelings sweetheart?"

"I'm not a sweetheart."

"Oh yeah?" Jada asked, her tone unforgiving. "Prove it."

Valeria yelled as she ran toward her, while Jada simply smiled, turned, and ran away. Her legs ached as she ran, but she didn't care. Her anger had taken over.

She ended up chasing Jada around the whole building. When they reached their starting position, Valeria slowed as Jada came to a stop and faced her.

"You were exhausted before," she said, a smile across her face. "But you found the energy to chase me for one more lap."

Panting, Valeria bent over and used her knees for support. "Yeah, cause you pissed me off."

"I did that for a reason," Jada said, casually checking her fingernails. "Do you know why?"

Valeria shook her head. She trembled as Jada took slow, subtle steps toward her.

"Fatigue...Fear...Disbelief...are all useless when your life's on the line. If you ever find yourself in danger as a Rogue, or as a woman, only anger will give you the strength to survive."

Valeria looked up at her curiously. "Anger? Doesn't that lead to the Dark Side? Shouldn't you be teaching me discipline and restraint like all good guys stories?"

Jada laughed with a sarcastic tone. "I'm not Yoda. And no...we're not good, and we're not guys. If you want to survive in this world as a strong woman, you must learn to harness your anger."

Valeria took a deep breath. "You planned all of this? Just to teach me a lesson? Wow, you really are a piece of work."

"This is just the beginning," Jada said with a smirk. "And no, I didn't plan on you skipping school – which I'm still pissed about by the way. So now you can look deep within, and practice using your anger to propel you for another three laps. Go!"

Valeria groaned, annoyed at the task she would have to endure. But she was afraid of the alternative, and eventually took off.

She initially focused her anger on Jada, and her exhausting punishment. As she finished the first lap, her thoughts began to shift. She thought about her parents, and the helplessness she felt as a child, not being able to save them. She knew the gang members who murdered her parents were still out there, roaming free. This thought enraged her, and she found the second lap the easiest one by far. As she ran the third lap, she found her thoughts drifting toward the previous two years, enduring abuse from her previous foster family and running away to the streets, where she struggled to survive. So many people passed her by without a second glance, refusing to acknowledge her situation; no one cared about the trauma she had endured.

Valeria's speed picked up as she approached Jada toward the end of the third lap. She was seeing red; vengeance had consumed her.

"Okay," Jada yelled up ahead, "That's enough."

Valeria shook her head as she ran closer. "I want to keep going!"

Jada blocked Valeria's path, forcing her to stop.

"What the hell!" Valeria protested as she came to a stop. "I could have kept going!"

Jada nodded solemnly. "I know you could, but that doesn't mean you should. I only said three laps."

"You wanted to punish me! So punish me!"

Jada shook her head. "Believe it or not – I don't like punishing you. I'm a teacher, Valeria - in a school in the normal world, and as a leader in my faction. While anger is useful like any tool, you have to be careful with it. When used correctly for survival, it can save you. When used for personal reasons, it can destroy you. Do you understand?"

Valeria continued breathing heavily as she looked into the woman's eyes and nodded.

"Good." Jada motioned toward the car. "Shall we go home?"

"Yeah," Valeria said as they walked to the car. "So, you really are like Yoda after all?"

Jada laughed as she put an arm around her shoulder. "Maybe, but I'm a hell of a lot better looking."

Valeria couldn't help but laugh as they both got in her car and drove away.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 14: Out of Sight


The next few days went by rather quickly, as Valeria found herself even busier than usual. Jada and Frank announced she would be grounded for skipping school, which meant she literally couldn't go anywhere except school without them. Frank would later explain that part of this sentence was a punishment, while the other part involved safety, as the entire Rogue faction was on alert due to recent events. Valeria tried to inquire about what had happened, but Frank didn't offer much information.

"Jada ordered all Rogues to halt all missions and activities. We're to remain in hiding until the current crisis blows over," Frank had told her the following morning. "There have been a few...incidents between Rogues and Celestials lately, but both factions have decided to maintain the ceasefire."

"What happened? Was anyone hurt?" Valeria had asked.

"You really shouldn't worry about it kiddo," he had replied. "Things seem to be calming down, so you should just focus on school and training."

Valeria could tell Frank wasn't telling the truth, but decided to let it go. She had a lot to focus on as she finished out her first week in this new world . She told both sets of friends she was grounded for cutting class, and couldn't do anything after school with them for a while.

Sai had apologized, even though Valeria knew her punishment wasn't his fault. She kept up her friendship with the nerds while trying to be cordial with Sheri and the popular kids. She quickly became fond of Sheri's friend Erin, who continued to offer free tutoring services.

"Why are you always so nice to me?" Valeria had asked as they sat together at lunch, working on math problems.

"I like helping people," Erin replied with an awkward smile. "Besides, I like hanging out with you."

"You do? Why?"

Erin shrugged and said, "Unlike Sheri's other friends, you're so down to earth. I really like that."

"So why don't you hang out with any other kids?"

"I don't really have much choice," Erin replied with a sigh. "My dad's pretty wealthy and protective, and he doesn't let me go out of the house much by myself. Sheri is the only person in the school who lives in my neighborhood, so she's really been my only friend over the past year." Her eyes shifted downward, and her shoulders slouched forward. I've never really had many friends."

"Well," Valeria said with a sigh. "I almost feel bad for you. Almost..."

"I know," she muttered, avoiding eye contact. "Poor little rich girl. I really have no right to complain in front of you."

She studied Erin's face and recognized that expression. She had seen it often in her reflection at the juvenile detention center. Loneliness was more than a feeling, it was an ailment that took a physical toll on the body. "It's okay, Erin. What about your mom?"

"She died during childbirth. My dad died before I was born. I lived in an orphanage until I was seven years old. That's when the Tyrells adopted me."

Valeria raised an eyebrow. They had more in common than she realized. "What about your adoptive parents?"

"Mrs. Tyrell is really nice," Erin replied with a smile. "She's the one person I trust most." Her smile faded as she continued. "Mr. Tyrell is an okay father figure, but not very supportive. He wants me to be tough and successful like him. Both him, and Mrs. Tyrell are usually very busy, and I usually just end up staying at home alone most days." She exhaled and fidgeted with her wavy brown hair before turning away and solving math problems.

Valeria studied her friend a moment, before finally having an idea. "Pull out your phone."

Erin looked up and asked, "Why?"



Valeria removed her old flip phone and searched the settings for its number.

"Okay," Erin said, clearly trying to contain a laugh as she removed a smartphone from her pocket. "I'm trying not to judge, but that phone is really old school."

Valeria initially looked over at Erin's phone jealously for a few moments, but was distracted upon suddenly noticing a plain gold band on Erin's ring finger. "For what I had in mind, old school is probably better. Hey, that's an interesting ring. It looks like a wedding band."

Erin pointed to the plain gold band with surprise. "This old thing? It's Mr. Tyrell's. He said it's a family heirloom and good luck charm." Erin held up her phone, and said, "But forget about that. What did you have in mind for our phones?"

"I was going to give you my number," Valeria said. "If you're ever feeling bored or lonely, feel free to call me. I can receive texts, but typing them is kind of annoying, and I can't check social media on this thing. But if you ever just want to talk, feel free to call."

Erin eyed her curiously a moment. "Okay. I'd like that."

Valeria and Erin exchanged numbers that day, and talked on the phone often over the next few days. While Erin had lived a mostly privileged life, Valeria found her remarkably humble and genuine, and she became her new best friend as the days rolled by.

While grounded, she came home immediately after school each day that first week. Valeria found her time completely occupied with schoolwork, keeping her promise to Xun and reading Sun Tzu's The Art of War, and training with Frank and Jada. After she finished her school work, they would either teach her different Rogue skills, or take her to the local gym for strength and resistance training.

"You're getting stronger kiddo," Frank said one day as all three of them walked home.

"Not strong enough," Jada countered. "But I have an idea that will help improve your strength, endurance, and dexterity. You will try out for, and make your school's cheerleading team at the end of this semester."

Valeria groaned. "Cheerleading? You've got to be kidding me."

Frank laughed. "I guess things have changed since I was a kid. I thought all girls wanted to be cheerleaders?"

Frowning, Valeria said, "I'm not most girls. And no, that just isn't me."

Jada looked over at her with a scowl. "I'm sorry. Did you think that was a suggestion? That was an order."

"What if I don't make the team?"

"Then you will be punished, and I guarantee you won't like it."

Valeria decided to drop the issue and focus on training. As Frank had promised, both he and Jada spent most of the weekend continuing to teach her skills associated with the Thieves' guild.

Pick-pocketing and planting techniques. Lock picking. Disguises. Misdirection.

Pick-pocketing and planting techniques. Lock picking. Disguises. Misdirection. They spent all day practicing these techniques before dinner, and finished the day off with a movie night. Frank pulled up an unfamiliar old movie on the screen and Valeria groaned.

"Can't we just watch a superhero movie? I still haven't seen Wonder Woman."

Frank shook his head. "We're still training, kiddo. When we watch a movie, we will watch a heist or caper film and discuss their tactics at the end. While most of the tricks used in these movies are staged and unrealistic, they can be used as sources of inspiration."

"Can we at least watch a modern one," Valeria protested, "like the new Fast and the Furious movies?"

Jada rolled her eyes. "Those movies are barely what I would call... heist movies."

heist

"Well," Valeria replied, "At least those movies have Latino characters like Michelle Rodriguez. But, I guess I'll watch whatever you want."

Jada looked at Frank and nodded. "I suppose we can train with an older film later." She turned to Valeria. "You want a heist film with a strong Latina character, huh?"

"I would."

Shrugging, Frank said, "You got me. What did you have in mind, babe?"

Jada winked at Valeria as she took the remote and pulled up an unfamiliar movie that had been recorded on their DVR.

Valeria looked up at the screen and studied the movie's description.

Out of Sight. 1998

George Clooney

Jennifer Lopez

Directed by Steven Soderbergh.

Based on the novel by Elmore Leonard.

Out of Sight. 1998

George Clooney

Jennifer Lopez

Directed by Steven Soderbergh.

Based on the novel by Elmore Leonard. "Jennifer Lopez was in a heist movie?" Valeria asked with surprise.

"Well," Jada replied as she sat down, "If we're getting technical, she was also in Money Train – but this one is much better."

Money Train "Interesting choice," Frank said with a grin. "What made you pick this one?"

"Well," Jada said, "This movie, Inside Man, and the original Aladdin are some of my favorites. I've always liked Out of Sight since I was around Valeria's age..."

"I see," Frank said, nodding his head as if he had come to a sudden revelation. "This wouldn't have anything to do with you and Lawrence –"

"–Maybe," Jada interrupted, clearly caught off guard, "But that was a long time ago, and that's not why she should watch it. Your boy George Clooney shows off his charm in this movie. He has enough charm to sway someone who's supposedly incorruptible."

Jada's eyes focused on her, almost as if she was trying to hint at something. She wondered if the movie was meant to teach her a lesson about manipulating righteous figures. Her mind ran wild with different scenarios; did she expect her to seduce a cop?

Valeria put her thoughts on hold as the movie started playing. She found the movie relatively entertaining, with both sincere and comedic elements. The story basically involved George Clooney's thief character slowly seducing Jennifer Lopez's tough U.S. Marshal character – who swore to do her job as a police officer, and hunt him down. In the end, she ends up capturing him and returning him to prison, despite an ending that hints at the woman giving him a chance to escape later on with another criminal.

"So, what'd you think?" Jada asked.

"It was really good," Valeria replied.

"Again," Frank said, a smile across his face. "An interesting movie pick, babe. Not going to tell me why?"

Jada shook her head. "Just giving our protégé what she requested. There are other movies with better heist elements, but we'll save those for another day. It's time for bed."

Valeria said goodnight and completed her bedtime routine. Before going to bed, she decided to give Erin a call and see what she's up to. She was surprised when the girl answered.

"Hey, Valeria. What's up?"

"Not much. Just watched a movie with my host-parents. Pretty boring stuff for a Saturday night, I'm sure you're out having a good time."

"Not at all," Erin said with a laugh. "My parents are really protective – even though I'm adopted – and rarely let me go out on weekends. I was recently told I can't leave the house at all except for school, since there was a threat against our family."



Valeria sat up in bed. "A threat against your family? What does your dad do?"

"I'm not really supposed to say. All I can say is that he works for the government. It's a high level position."

"I see," Valeria replied. "Well, since we're both bored at home, maybe we can talk about other things."

Valeria talked with Erin for an hour. While she always started off a little reserved, she found once the girl opened up, she could talk forever. While Erin prattled on, Valeria felt the exhaustion from the day's training catching up. She finally told Erin she needed to go to bed.

"Thanks for calling me," Erin said, her tone appreciative. "I really needed this. I've been really stressed out the past few days."

"Really?" Valeria asked, her sarcasm laid thick. "I couldn't tell. You don't seem high strung at all." Deep down, she knew her new best friend seemed stressed every time they met. She was easily distracted, and claimed to have a million thoughts running through her head. She always seemed afraid of her surroundings, and the only time she relaxed was when they sat together in class.

"I...I... have a lot on my mind," Erin stammered. "There's a lot of pressure on me."

"Pressure?" she asked. "What kind of pressure?"

"You wouldn't understand," Erin replied, her tone sullen. "No one does."

Valeria looked over at her dresser and suddenly had an idea. "Meet me in the girl's bathroom on monday. Let's aim for lunch - I've got a surprise for you."

"What is it?"

"You'll find out on Monday. Good night, Erin."

"Hey," Erin replied, her tone playful, "You can't leave me hanging like that," she replied, but was cut off as Valeria closed the flip phone with a click. She felt bad hanging up on her, but the day's exhaustion was taking its toll. She dropped the phone and fell fast asleep.

#

The rest of the weekend passed by in a blur, and next thing she knew, Valeria was already back at school on Monday. She found Sai waiting by her locker, a goofy grin across his face. He was dressed nicer than usual; he wore skinny jeans and a dark leather jacket. The color suited him well, and brought out the dark color of his eyes, while the smile brought out the dimples in his face.

"Did you have a good weekend, V?"

"Not really," she replied with a yawn. "I'm grounded, remember?"

"That sucks. Are you sitting with us today?"

Valeria shook her head. "Not today."

"After school?"

"Can't," Valeria said. She had her first official Rogue training session later today. No excuse came to mind, and it suddenly felt awkward, the two of them standing there without saying a word. She broke the silence with, "I've got to go, Sai."

"Oh,"he said, his tone deflated. "Well, hopefully I'll see you around. Later, V."

Valeria sighed as he walked away. She didn't want him to leave, but she couldn't think of anything to say. This was most unusual; she always had a witty reply or comment in her arsenal. But that was just it - Sai was able to disarm her with that smile, unlike anyone else.

She gathered her things and went to her first period class. Remembering Jada's order to join the cheer squad, Valeria asked Sheri about the team - which of course, she was captain of. Tryouts were later in the month, and Sheri encouraged her to submit an application.



Valeria didn't want to, but didn't have any other choice. She wanted to focus on her morning classes, but the looming anxiety of her first Rogue training session made this difficult. Luckily, she had just the thing to cure that ail.

The lunch bell rang and she rushed to the girl's bathroom. Erin was already there, studying her reflection while applying eyeliner. This was new; Valeria had never seen her wear makeup before. "Do you have a date later?"

"No," Erin said, putting the makeup away. "Just going for a different look, that's all. Whatcha think?"

Valeria looked her up and down, a smile across her face. She had always worn polo shirts and jeans that made her look plain and boring. Today was completely different; she wore a white dress imprinted with flowers, her shoulders covered by a blue cotton shrug. "You look...really... nice," she said, struggling to find the right words.

"Thanks. So what's your surprise for me?"

Valeria smiled as she opened the door to a nearby stall. "Step into my office, and once we're out of sight, I'll show you."

Erin giggled as she followed her inside the stall. Her cheeks flushed as she closed the door behind her. "I've never done anything like this before -" She stopped mid sentence, studying the objects in Valeria's hands. "Is that what I think it is?"

Valeria covered the bic lighter with her hand, flicked it on, and brought the flame to the joint sticking out of her mouth. "If what I was told is true, this shit is better than anything you could imagine." She inhaled, the smoke and aroma intoxicating and soothing. Her muscles relaxed, her worries faded. She exhaled slowly and handed the joint to Erin.

"I can't smoke that," Erin said, her tone defiant. She crossed her arms against her chest. Her eyes narrowed, her face tightened into a frown.

"Why not?" Valeria asked.

"Because," Erin protested, her lips curled with distaste, "Because of who I am. Who I'm supposed to be. So many people are depending on me, and I can't - no - I won't allow myself to become corrupted. Even by someone... someone like you."

"Someone like me?" Valeria asked, taking another hit from the joint. "I'm sorry a piece of street trash like me is tainting your image, sweetheart."

"Street trash?" Erin asked, her eyebrow cocked. "That's not what I meant. Where'd you get that from?"

"It doesn't matter," Valeria replied, rolling her eyes. "I wanted to share this with you. You're wound up tighter than a two dollar watch, Erin, and I thought I could help you relax. But I was wrong. You're unsalvageable. Get out of my way." She brushed past Erin, opened the stall door, and headed for the exit.

"You don't understand!" Erin protested from the stall. "I just can't share that with you, okay?"

"Fine," Valeria fired back. "Then I'll find someone who can." She put out the joint with her fingers, pocketed it, and exited the bathroom. The cafeteria was nearby, and she stormed through its double doors. She approached Sai's table, pointed at him and said, "You. Come with me."

Sai looked taken aback. "Umm, right now?"

Valeria crossed her arms. "Yeah. Unless I'm not good enough for you too."

"Of course not," Sai said, his face reflecting concern. "Why would you say that?"

"Are you coming or not?"

"I am," he said, gathering his things. He bid farewell to their friends and followed as she exited the cafeteria.

She led the way outside, and searched their surroundings. The school was located within the downtown area, and Valeria was still getting used to seeing so many buildings in one place. She continued walking until she found a vacant alley nearby. She stepped inside, placed her back against the wall, and checked to make sure there were no onlookers.

"What are we doing here?"

Valeria reached in her pocket, lit up the joint, and took a hit. "Blazing. Your turn."

Sai looked at the joint in her hand with dread. "Is that marijuana?"

"It's crack mixed with heroin," Valeria said as she exhaled. When his eyes flickered with fear, she burst out laughing. "Of course it's weed, dumbass. I'm not a psycho...despite all the crazy shit I've seen lately."

"Sorry," he said, taking the joint from her. "I've just never tried any of that stuff before."

"Shocking," Valeria said, her hands on her hips. "Well, maybe I should stop being a bad influence. I won't make you do anything you don't want to. I just hate smoking alone," she said, trying to take the joint back. To her surprise, he resisted.

"I can make my own decisions." He brought the joint to his lips and inhaled deeply, more than he needed to. His face paled before he doubled over and coughed. "I'm sorry. I'll try again...in a sec."

Valeria massaged his back as she lowered her head next to his. "Just relax. You don't have to impress me, ya know."

"Yeah, I do," Sai said, his lips forming a weak smile. "How else do I get a girl like you to notice me?"

"A girl like me?" she asked. She always got defensive when people tried to define her. Erin had labeled her corruptive. The guards at the detention center called her a worthless thief, the female delinquents had even worse nicknames. There were times when she would believe all the lies. But not any more. "There is no one like me."

no one Sai laughed and leaned closer. He smiled at her, his lips inches away from her own. "You've got that right. So tell me then - how do I get your attention?"

"Maybe you already have." She looked into his eyes, expecting to observe the same eagerness, the same hunger that most men had when they were this close. But she didn't see that. She saw warmth, compassion - and much to her surprise - fear. She had spent much of her life being afraid of the opposite sex; this was the first time the roles were reversed. And she liked it.

"You kids okay back here?"

Valeria turned and noticed a large police officer standing at the entrance to the alley. Sai blocked his view, so she grabbed the joint from his hand, put it out between her fingers, and slid it back in her pocket. She clasped Sai's hand and turned to the police officer. "Just making out with my boyfriend, officer. That's okay, right?"

The officer didn't look amused. "Not in a dark alleyway. You kids should be in school anyway. Beat it!"

Valeria held Sai's hand and led him out of the alley. She led the way back to the school and stopped by the entrance.

"You want to go back?" Sai asked with disbelief. "We could go hang out somewhere else if you want?"

She shook her head. "No, Sai. I think I've been a bad enough influence for one day. We should go back."

"Maybe we could hang out after school?"

"I'd like to," she said with a sigh, "but I can't. But don't worry...it's not because I don't notice you." She leaned close and caressed his cheek. Valeria was tempted to plant her lips on his, but her instincts forced her to refrain. She stopped trusting guys years ago, and that's not a switch that's easily flipped back on. "You're a good guy, and I like that about you." She kissed his cheek and said, "I'll see you later." She smiled as she walked away, leaving him speechless in front of the school.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 15: Rogue Training


Once finished with school, Valeria avoided contact with Erin, Sai, and her other friends and headed straight home. She wanted to make up with Erin. She wanted to spend more time with Sai. But those desires paled when compared to a deeper need; learning how to be a Rogue.

And that started right now.

When she opened the door, she found Jada and Frank waiting with a familiar guest.

"We meet again protégé," Xun said as she rose from the living room couch. Today the young ninja had opted for torn leggings and a halter top, with her hair clamped in an updo. "I hope you read the Art of War."

Valeria nodded nervously at her. She had read most of it. "So where are we going? Some kind of dojo?"

"Uh...no you ignoramus," Xun chastised. "What is the single most important lesson from the Art of War?"

Valeria paused a moment, trying to remember what she deduced from the novel's passages. "All warfare is based on deception?"

Xun massaged her chin. "So you read at least some of it. You're partially right. The main lesson is that warfare is a last resort. If you can find a way to deceive, misdirect, or undermine your enemy through espionage, you can usually avoid unnecessary conflict."

Valeria looked over at Frank and Jada, who smiled at each other.

"We'll leave you two alone," Jada said while Frank added, "Have fun, kiddo."

Valeria frowned as they laughed together and walked up the stairs, while Xun paced around her.

"Contrary to most pop-culture depictions of the Ninja, fighting is not our main expertise. We are masters of espionage, so no...we are not training in a dojo."

"So you're saying Ninjas are more like James Bond?"

Xun groaned. "Please do not compare us to that old, misogynistic alcoholic who parades around the world in fancy cars. Ninjas are discreet, modest, and invisible. Our guild provides all of the intelligence and information for the Rogue faction, and most countries around the world."

"You spy on other countries?" Valeria asked with surprise. "Are you...spying on the U.S.?"

Xun frowned as she said, "My allegiance is to the Rogue Faction. But yes, my country thinks I'm a spy on U.S soil, reporting information back to Beijing. The truth is that every country has Ninjas that both serve as spies for their country, but also serve as a communal group that share information for the better good."

Xun walked over to the couch and reached for her bag. She removed an odd pair of shoes, and tossed them to Valeria. "These are for you. They're special shoes that will help you creep along silently. Of course, you will need to learn how to creep, which is what we will practice today."

Valeria placed the new shoes on and found them rather comfortable.

"They fit?" Xun asked. When Valeria nodded without answering, she continued with, "Alright, before we start, I want to know Sun Tzu's five essentials to victory. Go."

Valeria paused a moment, trying to remember the chapter she read. "He will win who knows when to fight, and not to fight."

"Good," Xun said. "But since we're both women, you can say she."

Valeria nodded and continued reciting the other sayings. "She will win, who knows how to handle both inferior and superior forces. She will win, whose army is animated with the same spirit throughout its ranks. She will win, who prepares to take the enemy unprepared."

Valeria cursed under her breath. She couldn't remember the fifth one. She lost her concentration when Xun slapped her across the face. "What the hell?!" she exclaimed, massaging her cheek.



"I warned you to come prepared," Xun said. "The fifth essential for victory is she who has military capacity should not be interfered with by the Sovereign."

Valeria nodded, getting the gist of the saying. Basically means: one should be unafraid to act without permission from the ruler.

Basically means: one should be unafraid to act without permission from the ruler. The rest of the day was spent training with Xun, who showed her how to creep along different areas of the house without making a sound. The shoes definitely helped, along with the different tactics Xun demonstrated.

First, Valeria watched the ninja master creep along the edges of stairs or near the walls of hallways to minimize sound. Xun explained how a ninja walks on their toes with the knees bent, placing weight initially on the little toes, and transferring it to the big toes.

She found the techniques more difficult than she anticipated, as it felt like she was discovering new muscles across her body, and they ached and groaned with each repetition. Her brow moistened with sweat and her breathing felt shallow after two hours of climbing and descending stairs without end. Just when she thought they would take a break, Xun took her outside, where she learned how to Fox Walk.

Valeria observed their small backyard for the first time, as it was a secluded little haven with a solitary Norway Maple tree nestled within the Brownstone buildings nearby. The tree and the high fence offered a reasonable amount of privacy while the two of them continued their training. The Fox Walk was similar to creeping indoors, but involved the side of the foot instead of the toes - and exhausted her twice as quickly.

She was completely gassed as the dusky skyline faded to black, and could barely stand against the kitchen wall as she chugged a bottle of water. While she felt on the verge of collapse, Valeria still felt an inner sense of pride as she realized her stealth had improved a little, and even Xun offered rare praise.

"Not too bad," Xun said. "You still need a lot of training. But, you could have become a great Ninja. You could have listened to me at the ceremony, but you chose to be a dumbass."

Valeria laughed. She was getting used to Xun's persona, and while others might have found her annoying, she found it refreshing."I'm an asshole," she said through labored breaths. "Just like you. Thanks for the training."

"You're welcome."

"Hey Xun, can I maybe ask a dumb question?"

"Not surprising, coming from you. Don't expect a nice answer."

Valeria chose her words carefully. "I always thought Ninjas originated in Japan. Why is the main Ninja guild in China?"

Xun rolled her eyes and crossed her arms against her chest. "Of course modern culture depicts the Ninja solely as a Japanese creation. The truth is that while Samurai are solely Japanese, Ninjas are a mix of both cultures. Monks from China fled the Tang dynasty around 900 AD, and brought Chinese battle tactics with them when they came to Japan. These tactics became a crucial part of a Ninja's training. Our Headquarters used to be in Japan, but was eventually moved to China around fifty years ago. Beijing was picked due to its size, political influence, and proximity to Sun Tzu's place of birth."

Valeria raised an eyebrow. "Sun Tzu was that important?"

Xun groaned as she huffed out her response. "The Art of War is possibly the most important book about strategy, battle, and warfare in the world. You didn't know that?"

Valeria remained silent and shrugged her shoulders. She didn't have a chance to respond as Xun promptly slapped her across the face again.

"Oww! What was that for?" Valeria asked, massaging her face again.



"That's for being dumb all the time," Xun replied. "You need to finish reading the entire book before our next session. I'll ask ten questions next week, and every time you answer a question wrong..." She trailed off as she slapped her hands together.

Valeria frowned at her. "You're not a nice person, you know that?"

Xun laughed and said, "I never claimed to be. See you next week, protégé."

Valeria waved goodbye before gathering her things and going upstairs. She tried to concentrate and work on her homework, but was distracted as her cell phone rang. She flipped the old phone open and studied the caller ID.

Erin Tyrell.

Erin Tyrell. She tapped her fingers against the desk, sighed, and pushed the accept button. "What do you want?"

"V, please don't hang up. I'm really sorry, okay? The last thing I'd ever want is to offend you."

Valeria leaned back in her chair and exhaled. "But you did offend me. You said you won't be corrupted by someone like me. You think you're better than me."

did "Not at all!" Erin protested. "You're the coolest girl I've ever met. What I meant was: I can't allow myself to be corrupted, even by a girl I really like or admire, a girl like you ."

like you "Well don't worry," Valeria said, tapping her fingers on the desk, "You don't have to worry about me corrupting you anymore -"

"Do you think that's what I really want?" Erin protested, her tone defeated. "You think I don't want to get stoned, party, and spend all my time having fun with people I like? I do...okay? I've always wanted to, but I just can't."

"You need to get into a good college," Valeria said, her tone condescending. "I get it."

"No, you don't. You don't know me. You don't understand the burden I carry, and how I have to carry it alone ."

alone Valeria paused a moment, her mind focused on one word in particular. She had felt alone all her life, and yet, she wasn't the only one who felt that way. She had no idea what Erin's burden was. It could be something simple like getting into a good college, impressing her adoptive parents, or something ambitious like becoming President someday. But her burden didn't sound simple or ambitious.

It sounded complicated and exhausting.

and "What do you want from me, Erin?"

"I just want a do-over. I'll do whatever it takes. I'll smoke ten joints if you want me to."

Valeria chuckled under her breath. "Ten joints, huh? Why bother?"

"When I'm with you at school, or talking on the phone, part of my burden feels lighter. You're the only person who seems to get me, and I don't want that to end. I don't want to be alone again."

She paused and looked up at the ceiling, taking a moment to let Erin's words sink in. Part of her felt the same way; she had always felt alone after her parent's deaths. Frank and Jada had started to fill that void, but they had a long way to go. They had no idea how she felt; being asked to juggle all the pieces of her life at the moment. The toll of balancing a traumatic past, a traditional teenage present, and the future expectations of becoming a powerful Rogue.

She had her own burden to bear.

"Please forgive me, V."

"I forgive you," Valeria said, her tone sincere. "But I do want to know one thing."

"If it's about my burden," Erin replied with a sigh, "I can't tell you. It's not that I don't want to -"

"Would you really smoke ten joints? I'm not gonna lie, I'd kinda like to see that."



Erin laughed, her relief evident. "I could try if you really wanted me to."

"I'm pretty sure you'd die. Then I'd be sad."

"Seriously," Erin pressed, her tone light. "How can I repay you?"

"By being my friend," Valeria said, her tone sincere before switching to a more playful one. "But some more tutoring would also be nice."

"You got it. Good night, V."

"Good night, Erin."

Valeria yawned as she dropped the phone on the desk and hopped into bed. Her body was exhausted from the physical demands of training all day, but her mind was equally tired. Part of it was the demands of a normal teenage life: balancing school work with a social life. But she was also drained after dealing with Sai and Erin. She had never felt a connection with anyone her own age before, let alone two. She thought about them while laying in bed, trying to sleep. But they had occupied her mind, and when she finally drifted off to sleep, they invaded her dreams.

#

The next day flew by even more quickly. Valeria spent most of the school day trying to balance her time with the nerds and the elites, which really meant spending equal amounts of time with Erin and Sai. After school, she returned home for training with Penny the Pirate. Jada made sure to supervise this visit and immediately scolded Penny's first planned lesson about alcohol consumption.

Jada removed the bottle of rum and replaced it in her bag. "I think getting a protégé drunk on a school night is not a great idea," she replied distastefully. "Why don't you teach her knots? Those could be much more useful."

Penny groaned as she reached in her bag and removed several pieces of rope. "Knots are so boring. But if you insist, Sovereign."

Valeria watched as Penny demonstrated seven different types of sailor knots. She explained how the knots were useful on a boat, but also useful when restraining people, or creating rappels to climb or descend great heights. Valeria tried to recreate the different knots, but kept mixing them up. Luckily, Penny was patient with her and decided it might be easier if they tried outside.

While in their backyard, Penny pointed to the small Norway Maple tree and demonstrated different knots on the small tree's lower branches. The pirate master explained how one could use these knots to both climb and descend the tree safely, before allowing Valeria to try.

Much like her session with Xun, the pirate master's lesson forced Valeria to use muscles she rarely used before. Her back and shoulders felt stiff as a board, and her arms felt like jello as she climbed up and down the rope like a gymnast.

While her leg muscles were mostly able to endure such an endless onslaught with Xun, Valeria realized her arm muscles were not up for this task. She normally would have thrown in the towel early on, but just when it felt like she might give up, Valeria would notice Jada watching her across the yard, and newfound strength would suddenly manifest and allow her to carry on.

"Not bad love," Penny cheered as Valeria came down successfully after what felt like a million failed attempts. "You finally got one. Maybe next time we can hit the waves!"

Valeria heaved in breaths as she looked over at Jada uncomfortably. "Umm, that might not be a good idea. I usually get seasick."

Penny scoffed. "Blimey, the best way to cure that ail is to keep riding the waves until you've puked everything out. Trial by water, you know what I mean?"

Jada massaged her temples. "You mean trial by fire?"

Penny shrugged. "Same difference. Alright Sovereign, are we done here?"

"Yeah," Jada said. "I think we're done here. See you next week Penny."

Valeria and Jada both showed Penny to the door. Once she had left, Jada turned toward Valeria and said, "You need to be careful around Pirates. They have their own set of useful talents, but they're also usually reckless and unreliable. Just keep that in mind."

Valeria nodded silently. It sounded like Jada didn't trust Penny too much.

"What about Bounty Hunters? I train with one of their leaders tomorrow, right?"

Jada nodded, her tough expression morphing into a smile. "You train with Hami tomorrow. Frank and I both trust him. Especially Frank. He trained Hami when he was your age. He's a good egg, that one."

"That's a relief," Valeria replied. "I was a little nervous about meeting a new instructor."

"Hami isn't the one you should be worried about. You should be worried about my brother."

Valeria's breath caught in her throat. She had completely forgotten about that. "I train with him after Hami, right?"

"That's right," Jada said, a smile across her face. "So don't burn yourself out with Hami tomorrow. Save your energy for the next day. You're gonna need it."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 16: Harai-Goshi





The next day went by just as quickly, and before she knew it, Frank and Valeria were opening the door for her new mentor. He was young and had tan skin, a neatly shaved beard, and long curly hair pulled back in a ponytail. Frank welcomed him with a hug.





"Good to see you Hami. How's the family holding up?"

"As best we can."

"You look exhausted, buddy. Is Tara still keeping you both up at night?"

Hami yawned and massaged the stubble around his chin. "Unfortunately. We're still trying to get her to sleep at night, but she just sleeps when she wants to."

Frank looked over at Valeria. "Hami and his wife have a six month old at home. I told him he could postpone training you for a while, but he insisted."

"No way, brother," Hami said, shaking his head. "I wouldn't miss out on the chance to train one of the most gifted protégés our faction has seen in a long time."

"Thanks," Valeria said, trying to choose her words carefully. "I'm sorry I didn't choose your guild. I just had to make a choice and -"

"- Oh don't worry," Hami interrupted, holding up his hands. "Once we saw what sneaky Frank was up to, we knew you'd end up here."

"Hey," Frank said with a laugh, "We're just doing our part."

"Uh huh," Hami said, his tone sarcastic. "Well, you're in good hands here, Valeria. Frank and Jada are the cleverest mentors in our faction. Long ago, I was in your shoes as a protégé and new Bounty Hunter, and Frank here," he said, gripping both of his shoulders, "taught me most of his tricks as a thief."

Frank wagged a finger. "I taught you some things, not everything. So, what did you have in mind for today?"

Hami smiled as he removed his backpack. "Well, I figured we'd start off with something fun." He removed an odd set of ropes with balls attached to the ends. "I thought Valeria and I could toss some Bolas around in your backyard for a little bit. Afterwards, we can come back in and you can help me demonstrate pressure points."

"Nice," Frank said, "Have fun outside you two. Holler if you need anything."

Valeria followed the bounty hunter outside to their secluded backyard, where she could see the sun beginning to set along the horizon.

Hami removed one of the odd ropes with the balls at each end, and held it up. "So this is a Bola. It's basically a rope with a weight on each end. While it can technically be used as a weapon," he said while swinging the rope around like a nun-chuck, "That's not its primary purpose."

He turned, swung the bola like a lasso, and released it toward a lamppost. The device wrapped around the bottom as he said, "the Bola is designed to bring your prey to the ground. Now you try."

Valeria looked at the lamppost with disbelief. "You want me to toss this thing? I'm pretty sure I'll end up hurting you or myself."

Hami removed another bola from his bag and threw it slower this time. "It's all in the wrists. Go on, give it a try."

Valeria tried swinging her bola with a similar motion, but when she released it – the device somehow went backwards.

"Well," Hami said with a laugh. "At least you didn't hurt anyone. Go on, keep practicing."

Valeria's prediction ended up proving correct; she hit herself multiple times while trying to toss the bola. Her arms still burned from yesterday's rappel lessons with Penny, and certainly didn't make the task any easier. She lost count of her attempts as Hami addressed her again.



"Don't worry," he said, his tone reassuring. "You'll get it eventually."

"I feel like I'm failing at everything," Valeria blurted out, her mental and physical fatigue overwhelming her. It was true, things weren't going well this first week of training. She barely picked up the creeping skills Xun had taught, and still got the different sailor knots mixed up during Penny's lesson.

"It's only your first week of training," he said, his lips pulling back into a smile. "Not gonna lie - I lost track of how many times I cried during my first week. So stop worrying. Here, why don't you tell me more about yourself. Where are you from again?"

"I'm from El Salvador, but I came here when I was six years old. How about you, where are you from?"

"Brooklyn."

Valeria stopped swinging her bola and looked at him with a confused look.

"Well, it's true...I'm from Brooklyn. But that's not the question you were really asking. My parents came here from Afghanistan. They came to escape violence."

My parents Valeria released her bola, which didn't even come close to the lamppost. "I have witnessed violence here in the U.S," she said casually.

Hami sighed again as he threw another one at the lamppost. "I'm both sorry, and not surprised. This country has a lot of issues, but I still have faith in it. My neighborhood is pretty diverse, so I don't run into too many problems. Most people see me nowadays and say I look like Ramy Youssef."

"Sorry," Valeria said, her eyebrow raised. "I don't watch much TV. Who's that?"

Hami laughed and said, "He's a famous comic from Queens. Can't say I'm surprised about old Frank and Jada restricting TV time. Let me guess - are those two making you watch old school heist movies every night?"

"Kind of. We watched Out of Sight last night."

"That's not an old movie," he replied, a smirk across his face. "That's a relatively new and awesome movie. Well trust me. They'll make you watch Rififi, The Killing, and the Asphalt Jungle eventually."

"How old are those movies?"

"Like ancient!" Hami said with a laugh. "1950's ancient. Black and white, and boring as –"

"–Hami," Frank interrupted with mock disappointment as he suddenly appeared behind them. "Your generation is so disappointing. You can't last ten minutes through a movie if things aren't blowing up."

"Yeah-yeah," Hami groaned. "I'm sorry Mr. Sinatra. How come you haven't shown her Rififi yet?"

Frank shrugged. "I was going to show that last night, but my wife seems insistent on the movie selections lately. I, of course, haven't complained, as I hope you remember the most important lesson I taught you?"

Hami laughed as he placed an arm around Frank's shoulders. "Of course. How could I forget?"

Valeria frowned at them. "Care to teach this lesson to your protégé?"

"It's not really applicable yet –" Frank began, but was cut off by Hami, who cheerfully said, "Happy wife, happy life!"

"Ha-ha," she replied, making sure to lay the sarcasm on thick. "So can we get back to training?"

They went back inside and Hami began demonstrating the body's pressure points. These techniques allowed someone to incapacitate an opponent without killing them. It took a little while to understand some of the different techniques, but Hami reassured her. "Pressure points usually get their own lesson, so we'll work on them again next week. Valeria," he said while extending his hand, "It's been my honor."



As they shook, Frank clapped him on the back. "Don't be a stranger. Jada and I still haven't had a chance to see the baby yet."

Hami turned and hugged him. "Don't worry, chief. I'll speak with my lady-boss and make sure we come over sometime soon. Who's training the girl tomorrow?" he asked as Frank escorted him to the door.

"Dontrell."

Hami whistled as he stepped outside and offered her a concerned look. "Good luck with that one, Valeria. I'll pray for you."

"Get out of here kid," Frank said, a grin across his face as he closed the door. He turned to Valeria and said, "You should go to bed, kiddo. Tomorrow could be a rough day."

"Are you guys kidding about Dontrell or being serious?"

"Well," Frank said, massaging his temples, "if you think Jada can be exhausting with her methods, her brother is ten times worse."

"I thought you said I'd train with his second in command...Brigitte?"

Frank shook his head. "Dontrell wanted to take her place for your first Assassin training session. He can be intimidating, but don't worry. Jada and I will be there tomorrow. Go to bed, kiddo."

Valeria went upstairs and got ready for bed. As she lay there, slowly falling asleep, she couldn't help but wonder about the Assassin leader, the lesson he had in store for tomorrow, and whether or not she would be ready for it.

Only one way to find out , she thought before drifting off to sleep.

Only one way to find out #

Just like the previous school days, Thursday went by incredibly quickly. Valeria had declined Sai and James' invitation to continue their D&D campaign. She reiterated that she was grounded, and would be stuck at home tonight. While that was true, that wasn't the only reason.

Sorry guys, she thought to herself . I can't play because I'm training with the most feared Assassin in the world tonight. No big deal.

Sorry guys, . I can't play because I'm training with the most feared Assassin in the world tonight. No big deal. James had looked hurt during the lunch break. "It seems like you're really busy all the time now. When is a good time for you?"

Valeria removed her personal calendar from her pocket and studied it. After a few moments, she shrugged her shoulders. "Tomorrow evening I guess. But I'm sure you guys will have more exciting plans for a Friday night."

James, Roberta, Jon, and Sai exchanged nervous looks. "Not really," Sai said. "While you're grounded, we could visit your house tomorrow?"

"Yeah," she said. "I'd like that. I'll check with my host parents and let you know. You're sure you all don't mind?"

They all agreed.

"By the way," James added, "Are you still playing a Rogue, or did you want to change to a different class?"

Valeria paused. "I'll play a Rogue. I think it comes naturally to me," she said with a grin.

After lunch, they went their separate ways. She was looking forward to spending an evening with them; she needed a break from her exhaustive Rogue training. The evening seemed perfect except for one thing. She needed to invite Erin.

She found her in their afternoon Biology class. "Hey, Erin," she said as she took the adjacent seat. "I'm still grounded, but Sai and his friends are coming over to my house tomorrow night. If you don't have any Friday night plans, I'd really like you to come too."

"I'd really like to go," Erin said with a sigh. "But I can't. With the threat against my family, my Dad said I can't go anywhere for the next few weeks. There's that, but that's not the only thing..." she trailed off before finally looking up. When their eyes met, she took a deep breath, and said, "I think someone has been stalking me."



Valeria hadn't anticipated this response. While she and Erin had grown closer after their argument, mistrust continued to linger. Sometimes she wondered if Erin really wanted to be her friend or not. She had expected a decline, but not for this reason.

"My host-dad is a police officer," Valeria said, trying to reassure her. "He'll be there and make sure we're all safe. If you told your Dad that, he might let you come over. It's not like we're going out clubbing or anything."

Erin considered this a moment. "What's your host-dad's name? I can try asking."

"Detective Frank Malone."

"Alright," Erin replied, a smile crossing her lips. "I'll ask and let you know tomorrow. No matter what happens, I want you to know that I really like hanging out with you, and you're welcome over my house any time."

Valeria couldn't resist the urge to smile back. She felt overwhelmed by a familiar feeling - one that pushed back against the narrative in the back of her mind. She thought no one cared, but that was proving untrue. While Frank and Jada brought newfound meaning to her life, and being with Sai elicited emotions she had never felt before, her relationship with Erin was another entity, and she would savor every moment of it.

"Ms. Tyrell!" the biology teacher yelled from the front. "If you and Ms. Ramirez are finished chatting in the back, maybe you can try and pay attention in my class!"

Valeria and Erin giggled as they tried to quiet down.

"You got me in trouble," Erin whispered with a subtle laugh.

"Better get used to it," Valeria whispered back. "It won't be the last time."

Valeria barely paid attention to the rest of her classes, and before she knew it, she stood outside their townhouse. "Here goes nothing."

She went inside and raised an eyebrow upon noticing the living room. All the furniture had been pushed to the side walls, and a blue padded mat was spread across the floor. She noticed two men dressed in karate gear; one in green, the other in red. Both men breathed heavily as they sparred back and forth, and they eventually stopped upon noticing her standing there.

"Hey, kiddo," Frank said, adjusting his green uniform.

"We meet again, Valeria Torres," Dontrell said as he wiped the sweat from his brow. "Don't worry, I'm not here to murder you and the old man here."

Frank laughed. "Old? Me? Whatever. You could beat me, but Jada would come kick your ass."

"True," Dontrell said with a smirk. "She's the only person who scares me. I dunno how you survive with her during that time of the month – you know what I'm sayin?"

Valeria was taken aback by their interchange, as the two seemed more like arguing brothers than fierce rivals. Valeria bowed her head, and said, "I'm sorry if my choice offended you."

Dontrell sighed as he looked her way. "Forget about it, girl. You're not even gonna introduce me properly old man?"

Frank frowned, and said, "I'm not that much older than you. Valeria, you might remember Dontrell, the leader of the Assassin guild."

that "Of course," Valeria said. "It's an honor to meet you again," she said, walking up to the Assassin leader and offering her hand, but Dontrell shook his head.

"We do not shake hands on a JuJutsu mat. We bow."

He bowed his head while maintaining eye contact. She repeated the gesture, turned, and repeated it to Frank.

"Here's your Gi," Jada said, entering the room. Valeria noticed she was wearing the same green karate uniform as Frank. "Get changed upstairs, and meet us back down here."



"Do I really need to wear this karate outfit?" she asked, inspecting it.

"It's called a Gi," Jada corrected, her voice reflecting irritation. "And did it sound like I made a suggestion?"

Valeria read her eyes and picked up the hint. No sass with me today girl. She ran upstairs, changed into the green Karate Gi, pulled her hair into a ponytail with a hair tie, and went back downstairs.

No sass with me today girl. To her surprise, she found Jada and her brother sparring, with Jada utilizing different grappling techniques and throws successfully against her brother. It was amazing to watch; a woman of her size taking down a man so much bigger than her. Jada pinned her brother to the ground and subdued him with a choke hold. He resisted a few moments before tapping out.

Breathing heavily, Dontrell smiled at Jada. "Damn, Sis, you haven't lost a step at all, unlike your man there."

Jada grinned as she bowed. "I still train with Master Jigoro twice a year."

Dontrell looked over at Frank with surprise, while he simply shrugged. "It's true," Frank said. "She flies to Japan every six months or so."

Valeria raised an eyebrow. "You fly to Japan that often? Just to meet some karate teacher?"

"Master Jigoro," Jada protested, "Is not just any teacher. His grandfather – Kano Jigoro – founded modern Judo – the most common form of jujutsu. He still says I'm his favorite student."

"I believe it," Dontrell said as he wiped his brow. "He must have taught you everything."

"I'll reveal my secret," Jada said with a laugh. "I introduced him to Old Bay seasoning. The old man can't get enough of it, and I bring him a case every six months."

"How did you meet him?" Valeria asked.

"He was a master within the Ninja guild," Frank replied. "He taught a lot of us old timers self-defense back in the day. He passed on most of his training to Xun, Jada, and Brigitte, who took over the responsibility of training protégés in North America."

"But you're special," Dontrell said with a sly grin. "You get to train with two World Masters and the Sovereign today. Lucky you."

"Thanks," Valeria replied. "Where do we start?"

"Well," Dontrell said as he looked over at his sister. "My sister insisted on Jujutsu and Judo techniques today. Care to explain why sis?"

"Sure," Jada replied. "Unlike Karate, Kung Fu, or most other martial arts, which focus a lot on exchanging blows or fancy routines, Jujutsu and Judo focus on grappling and takedowns. As smaller framed women, these techniques are perfect for us to overpower larger and stronger adversaries by using their weight against them." She turned toward her brother and bowed.

Valeria watched as Dontrell charged his sister, who simply caught him with a hold and brought him to the ground with blinding speed. It only took a moment for Jada to use the momentum to envelop her brother in a choke hold and force him to tap out again.

"Wow!" Valeria exclaimed. "That was awesome."

"Be quiet!" Jada snapped as she stood up, "just watch and learn." She bowed to Dontrell again, who charged at her with a much slower pace. Jada recreated the move, explaining each step in slow motion. "Now try it on Frank."

She turned and bowed to him. Frank approached her in slow motion, and Valeria tried her best to recreate the move. Jada's hands adjusted her form during each step. When finished, Jada ordered her to do it again. She tried five times, but still wasn't able to execute the maneuver at full speed.

"Keep practicing," Jada said. "You'll get the hang of it. That move is a variant of Harai-Goshi. Let's try a different one?"

"Okay," she said, trying to mask the disappointment in her voice. It was true - she was disappointed that she was unable to pick up the move as quickly as she hoped. But the truth was more complex than that. She had always felt powerless; as a child in El Salvador and as a teenager in the United States. But now she had the opportunity to flip the scales.

She should be succeeding. She should feel powerful. There were moments where the scales seemed to be tipping her way, like the Hall of Shadows or her takedown of Wormer a few days ago. But as she failed at training and continued to screw up these jujutsu moves, she felt like things were slipping out of her control. She might never succeed in this new world; maybe she wasn't the girl they were looking for. She stood there, lost in a daze, until someone placed hands on her cheek and came within inches of her face.

"Where are you right now?" Jada asked, gripping her face.

"I'm sorry I screwed up the moves -"

"Never apologize," Jada said, her eyes ablaze as they burrowed into her own. "You're afraid. It's written all over your face."

"I'm sorry -"

"Never apologize!" Jada snapped, maintaining her hold. "You should never apologize for being afraid. Fear is a normal part of life. But you can control it, or you can let it control you. So repeat after me: I'm afraid."

Valeria paused, unsure if this was a trick. In the end, she stuck with the truth. "I'm afraid. I'm afraid of..." There were so many things she could say. She was afraid of failure, and disappointing Frank and Jada. She was afraid of being a victim again. She was afraid of being abused and abandoned again. But she never got the chance.

"I already know what you're afraid of," Jada interjected. "You are afraid. But courage is not the absence of fear, it's the willingness to persist in spite of it." She released Valeria and took a step back. "So repeat after me. I'm afraid, but that will not stop me."

Valeria nodded. "I'm afraid, but that will not stop me."

will not "Again."

Jada made her repeat this phrase seven times. With each repetition, she thought of one of her fears, acknowledged each one, and reiterated that the fear wouldn't stop her. The mantra was similar to the one Jada presented at the Statue of Liberty; the idea that one must focus on moving forward.

She closed her eyes and took a slow deep breath. No matter how many times I fail, I will keep moving forward.

No matter how many times I fail, I will keep moving forward. When she opened her eyes this time, she was ready for the next lesson.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 17: Misdirection and Survival


The four of them continued to practice different jujutsu and judo techniques over the next three hours. While difficult, the moves became easier with time. Valeria was amazed at how the techniques allowed a smaller person to use a bigger opponent's size against them.

Frank and Dontrell breathed heavily as Jada showed Valeria another Judo technique. "Can we get a break for dinner?" Frank asked between labored breaths.

"Do you need a break?" Jada asked.

Valeria shook her head. "No. Let's keep going."

Dontrell looked over at Frank and grinned. "She is a machine," he said, turning to Jada, "just like my sister – Jada Pinkett Smith over there."

Frank laughed as he checked his phone. "I was going to order Uber Eats delivery. I guess Japanese would be appropriate for today?"

Jada shook her head. "No, let's do Korean. The usual for me. Let Valeria try some Bibimbap."

"Alright, I'll order it." He looked over at Dontrell and asked, "Your usual too?"

As Frank and Dontrell discussed food options, Valeria turned to Jada. "I've never really tried any Asian food. Is there really a difference?" Sighing, she added, "I feel like I don't know shit about anything."

"Yeah," Jada said, her lips pulling back into a grin. "Korean food is the best. And yes, you don't know shit. But I do, and I'm willing to teach you. So here's a lesson - the best ways to learn about different cultures is to try their food." Laughing, she added, "It's also the most fun. Anyway, let's continue."

is She kept practicing with Jada until their food arrived forty-five minutes later. The four of them sat at the dinner table eating, with Frank, Jada, and Dontrell mostly involved in casual banter. Valeria remained quiet as she inspected her bowl of rice. The dish had vegetables, beef, and a fried egg on top. She was hesitant, but after giving it a try, she found the food delicious.

As she sat there eating, Valeria couldn't help but notice how the evening had turned out so much differently than what she had anticipated. She expected Dontrell to act like some sort of coldblooded villain, but he seemed decent so far.

"So Valeria," Dontrell said. "How's school been going? Have you been able to fit in at all?"

"Yeah," she replied. "It wasn't as difficult as I thought."

"Valeria became friends with a nerd group and a popular group of kids," Frank said with a wink. "She's a natural charmer."

"Well isn't that nice," Dontrell replied, his tone sarcastic. "I'm sure it was easy in a wealthy liberal suburb. I wonder how she'd do at a rural school in Mississippi."

Jada scowled as she addressed her brother. "Don't start trouble, D. Let's have a nice dinner."

"I'm not starting trouble," Dontrell said, leaning back in his chair. "I'm just getting to know your protégé. So tell me, Valeria, did you have a chance to read the news today?"

"Don't..." Jada hissed.

"She can read a newspaper," Dontrell quipped. "I would just like to know how a Latina immigrant, like Valeria here, feels when the President of the United States laughs about the idea of shooting unarmed immigrants traveling to our country."

Valeria gaped at him, unable to fathom a response. She wasn't surprised; she had heard anti-immigrant rhetoric before. Still, this example was above and beyond the usual intolerance, and it angered and frightened her.

"I'm warning you –" Jada protested, but Dontrell cut her off.

"Or, how does she feel when she hears those stories about Latinos being ripped from their parents and being locked in cages? It can't be much better than how I feel, reading about unarmed black kids being killed by police."



"D – now is not the time or place," Frank said, his face paler than usual.

"For you two," Dontrell said with a bitter laugh, "it's never the time or place. But I want to know what Valeria thinks before you two brainwash her." He turned toward her, his deep brown eyes focused on her with a laser like focus. "So tell me, what do you think the Rogue faction should do about all this injustice?"

Jada threw up her hands. "That's it. Time for you to leave."

"I'm not leaving without her answer," Dontrell fired back.

"Don't answer that question –" Frank started, but was interrupted.

"I'll answer it," Valeria said as she leaned forward. "We let democracy do its job."

Leaning back in his chair, Dontrell laughed with both hands behind his head. "Oh boy, you've got to be kidding me. I hate to break it to you, sweetheart, but democracy is an illusion. It's a magic trick the wealthy dangle in front of the masses like a carrot on a stick."

Shrugging, Valeria could see his point. She was already disenfranchised with this country's claim of being the land of opportunity. "What's your answer then?"

"I wouldn't expect someone like you to understand.".

"Someone like me ?" Valeria asked, her tone defiant.

me "Yeah," Dontrell said, a smirk across his face, "someone too afraid to avenge their parents' deaths."

Jada grabbed her brother and forced him out of his chair. "I warned you about this, D. You just couldn't control yourself. Now get out!"

Valeria watched Frank and Jada push him toward the kitchen exit and stood. "Let him go."

"Why?" Frank asked, struggling to restrain Dontrell. "He's just taunting you."

"I've been taunted my whole life," Valeria said calmly. "I'm used to it. And no, you can't just push away people you disagree with. He's your brother, Jada."

Dontrell looked over at his sister with a smug grin. "See? The girl is fine. You two are overprotective."

Jada pointed a finger at him. "We're doing what's best for our protégé. If you can't behave, you will never mentor her again."

"Doing what's best for her?" Dontrell asked with a sarcastic laugh. "Babying and sheltering her will just make her weak. You're not doing her any favors."

"I'm not weak," Valeria replied without thinking. She was so tired of being told she was weak and unimportant. Despite knowing she would most likely regret what she was about to say, the words exited her mouth like an avalanche of word vomit. "I am strong and I'll prove it. Attack me on the mat."

am "You don't want me coming after you," Dontrell said with another high pitched laugh.

She walked over to the mat in the living room, turned, and said, "Oh yeah? Let's find out."

Frank tried to protest, but Jada held him back. She looked over at her brother and nodded.

"So you're a coward, and you're crazy," Dontrell said, approaching the mat slowly.

"I am afraid," she said, standing her ground, "but that won't stop me." It was true - she was afraid. But Jada's mantra ignited a fire within her, and like the Hall of Shadows, she would face this challenge with reckless abandon.

"Ah," Dontrell said, pacing back and forth. "So you're not afraid – cause you think I'm some kind of psychopath. I'm afraid you're gravely mistaken."



He charged at Valeria with incredible speed, and while she tried to use the judo techniques she learned earlier, he was just too fast and strong. He picked her up, slammed her against the mat, and taunted her from above.

"I'm not a psychopath. I save lives," he whispered in her ear. He stood, turned, and walked to the edge of the mat.

"Yeah, right," Valeria sputtered, clutching her side as she stood. "You're full of shit."

Dontrell turned toward her and frowned. "Do not judge me, girl. Unlike anyone in this room, I served my country with two tours of duty in the military, and I still protect innocents around the world. Two months ago, I targeted an Islamic radical who planned to blow up a church in Ankara, Turkey. Instead of killing two hundred people, he died in a sudden car accident."

sudden He lunged at her as he finished, sending her crashing to the mat. She heaved in deep, painful breaths while trying to stand.

"Just this week," Dontrell continued, "I targeted a white supremacist that planned to shoot up a synagogue right here in New York. Instead of firing his assault rifle on innocents, he accidentally overdosed on his blood pressure medicine."

accidentally Once again, Dontrell lunged at her as he finished his story, sending her halfway across the room. Groaning, she covered her ribs and heard an audible wheeze as she breathed.

"Remember what I taught you about survival," Jada said from the back of the room.

Valeria blinked at Jada. Survival. Anger is like any tool, when used for survival, it can save you.

Survival. Anger is like any tool, when used for survival, it can save you. "Remember what I told you about narratives," Frank said in a similar tone .

. She turned to him. Narratives. Tell people a story they want to hear, and you can both misdirect, and direct them in any way you see fit. While Jada's advice was straightforward, Frank's offered a hint. Dontrell was using his stories to distract her.

Narratives. Tell people a story they want to hear, and you can both misdirect, and direct them in any way you see fit. "Let's not forget my target two weeks ago..." Dontrell continued as he paced back and forth in front of her.

Valeria took slow, deep breaths and zoned him out. Focusing on her anger, she visualized all the hardships she had endured. Her fatigue and pain lessened as her mind and body tensed with a laser-like focus. She watched his eyes and body movements, and waited.

Dontrell finally made his move - but she was prepared. She grappled him and leaned back, using the momentum to trip him and send him crashing to the mat. She tightened an arm around his neck with a headlock and applied pressure until he tapped out. She released him and stood, her mind barely comprehending what just happened. She offered a helping hand as she stood over him.

But Dontrell refused it. Glaring at Valeria, he stood and said, "you got me that time, but don't get used to it." He bowed to her before turning to Frank and Jada and repeating the gesture. "Same goes for you two."

Jada smirked at him. "Love you too, D. Don't lose sleep over it."

Sighing, Dontrell headed for the door. "I won't lose sleep about wounded pride. I'm too busy worrying about injustice. You know me better than anyone, Peaches, so you know where I stand. Love you too."

As Jada closed the door behind him, Frank turned to her with a wide grin across his face. "You took down the deadliest man in the world, kiddo."

Valeria paused, letting that statement sink in. Unlike any of her other Rogue training so far, she had succeeded for once. Could it be possible? Could she be as strong as they claimed? "I'm sure he was just going easy on me."

succeeded "I know my brother," Jada said, shaking her head. "He wasn't holding back. He's still mad that you turned him down. I'll admit – I'm impressed. But don't get too cocky. While you bested him once at unarmed combat – Dontrell is still the deadliest man in the world for a reason."

"Is it true?" Valeria asked, her head cocked to the side. "Does he save lives with his assassinations?"

"Yes," Jada replied. "The Assassins guild has come a long way under his and my leadership. Once mercenaries for hire, Assassins are now only reimbursed by governments around the world for the terrorists and mass-murderers they execute. As Sovereign, I forbade them from targeting innocents or politicians around the world."

"And Dontrell obeys you?"

"He does," Jada replied without hesitation. "We want the same thing, but in different ways. I want to find justice within the system , he wants to create justice by upending the system . But while he may disagree with me in private, he always follows my commands."

within the system upending the system always "And you're not worried he might assassinate you and take your throne?"

Frank shook his head. "I've been a part of their family a long time. Dontrell can be a pain in the ass sometimes, but he's maybe the only person in the world who loves Jada more than me."

Smiling, Jada walked toward him, her gait slow and seductive. "That was sweet."

"It's just the truth," he said, grabbing her waist and enveloping her with a kiss.

Valeria pretended to look away with distaste. "Let me know when you're done."

"And that," Jada said, detaching herself from him, "is one way to maintain power as Sovereign. Maybe I've been able to keep Carnwennan for so long because the world's greatest thief and assassin both love me."

and both Frank laughed. "Don't let her fool you. She's the world's greatest thief and the cleverest of us. Everyone knows it... including me."

and including "Oh my," Jada said, pulling him close. "Someone is being generous with their compliments today. Maybe we should compliment each other later tonight."

compliment Valeria covered her ears and groaned. "I don't need to hear this. I'm a child."

"You're sixteen, not nine," Jada quipped. "Go do your homework and go to bed."

Sighing, Valeria looked over at Frank - who shrugged.

"It's a school night. You should work on your homework."

She was about to head upstairs, but remembered her friends' proposition about tomorrow. "One more thing," she said, stopping by the banister. "I know I'm supposed to be grounded, but my friends wanted to come over tomorrow night and play their game."

"Well," Frank said, looking over at Jada, "she did better with training today. What do you think?"

"She still has a long way to go," Jada said, a frown across her face. "But you took down my brother - something few people can do." Her frown eased as she exhaled and placed both hands on her hips. "It's just your four friends?"

"Yeah. Plus one more."

Jada pointed at her. "Okay, but you will be responsible for cleaning up messes and dinner arrangements. I have Sovereign business tomorrow, but Frank will be here to chaperone. Understood?"

"Okay."

"Alright, girl. Go to bed."

Valeria ran upstairs and started her homework. She finished most of her work before exhaustion overwhelmed her and she collapsed on the bed.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 18: The Tyrells


The next morning passed in a blur. Next thing she knew, Valeria sat with Sai and his friends at lunch. She perked up when Erin approached their table with a sheepish grin.

"I talked to my dad," she said, her cheeks flushing red. "He said I can come tonight."

Sai looked over at Valeria and asked, "You invited her to your house too?"

"Yeah," she replied, exchanging glances between Erin and Sai. "You guys are my favorite people."

"Really?" Erin asked, her eyes beaming. "That means a lot to me."

James looked up at Erin, his eyes scanning her like a machine. "So wait, is she playing too? If so, we could use another healer."

Erin blinked at him, the color draining from her face. " Excuse me?"

Excuse Roberta groaned while combing her long red hair. "Forget it, James. If she's coming - we should do something else."

"Sorry, Erin," Jon said. "Forget what he said. I can bring board games and cards. I have Apples to Apples, Uno and –"

"Come on guys," James protested. "We're never going to finish our campaign."

Erin exhaled, her pallor returned to normal. Looking at Valeria, she said, "Oh, if you guys are already playing some kind of game - I can just sit and watch. Or I could just come another time and –"

"No, Erin," Valeria said, shaking her head. "I want you to come. And you could play our game. It's not that hard really."

James pointed at her. "See? Even Valeria wants to play. She's already kicked ass as our rogue ."

rogue " Excuse me?" Erin asked, her eyes widening. " What did you just call her?"

Excuse What Roberta shook her head. "See, you're going to scare her away, James. Let's just play some Uno or something."

James pointed at Valeria. "It's her house. She should decide."

"Okay, James," Valeria said with a laugh, "We can play your game for a little bit. We can always do something else if we get bored. How does that sound, Erin?"

Erin looked uneasy, but when their eyes met - she smiled. "Umm...okay."

"You gonna walk to my house with us?" Valeria asked.

Erin shook her head. "The security guard will drive me. He has to remain parked outside - part of my dad's conditions."

"Security guard?" Roberta asked with a hint of concern. "Why is that necessary?"

"Her father is an important government official," Valeria replied. "It's okay, Erin, I'll text you my address." She took a moment to look around each of her friends and said, "I'm really looking forward to having you guys over." She turned to Erin and added, "All of you. You guys should know –"

"Hey there," Sheri interrupted, brushing away a strand of her long blonde hair as she appeared behind Erin.

A powerful wave of perfume invaded Valeria's nostrils, causing her to gag. "How long were you standing there?" she asked, trying to keep a straight face as Sheri replied.

"Long enough. I heard you guys making plans? I'm having a party at my house tonight. You and Erin can even bring your little friends if you like."

"Of course," James said, staring at her with a dreamy grin. "We would love to go."

"Umm," Jon said, frowning at his friend, "we can't because Valeria is grounded, right ?"

right Groaning, Sheri turned to Erin. "And you?"



Erin shook her head. "You know I can't, Sheri. My dad is very strict about that. No parties."

"Fine," Sheri said with distaste. "Your loss. Have fun at V's house, doing whatever your kind does. Bye!"

your The lunch bell rang, signaling for them to leave. Sai tried to get her attention, but she waved him off and followed Erin to their afternoon classes. After school, Valeria went outside, unlocked her bike, and was greeted by Sai and his friends. While they walked ahead, Sai stayed behind with her.

"So you've become good friends with Erin?" he asked.

The urge to declare Erin her new best friend was on the tip of her tongue, but Valeria refrained. She had friendships in the past, but they always ended with betrayal, indifference, or altercation. She liked Erin and Sai, but she would remain skeptical nonetheless. "She's alright, I guess."

"No one knows much about her," Sai said. "She's with the Elites at school, but that's only because she's rich. No one's seen her outside the school."

Valeria considered this a moment. Others might call Erin shy and awkward, but she didn't see her that way. Erin was smart, funny, and genuine; a girl like her should have a lot of friends. But she didn't, and this made Valeria uneasy. She couldn't help but wonder if Erin's isolation was involuntary... or deliberate ?

involuntary... deliberate "You don't find her a little weird?" Sai asked.

"No," Valeria said, her eyes narrowing. "She can be shy at first, but she's actually fun to be around. Kinda like you ."

you Laughing, Sai asked, "Did you just give me a compliment?"

"Don't get used to it," she said, trying to hold back a smile. She would have kept staring into his eyes, but two luxury cars parked in front of the house drew her attention.

Two security guards in black suits exited the car and motioned for them to stop. They were tall, broad shouldered, and muscular. But that didn't worry her. The poorly concealed pistols in their jackets did.

She tried to remain calm as the guards searched them. She focused on the cars, noting the three people that had exited the first car. Erin stood next to a taller and older African American man with greying hair. They were joined by an older African American woman with cropped hair. When the guards finished searching them, Erin walked over and waved.

"Sorry to make you go through that. I told you my mom and dad can be overprotective."

James looked at the older couple and scratched his head. "They're your parents?"

"Oh yeah," Valeria said, remembering what Erin had told her. "You were adopted, right?"

"They adopted me when I was seven," Erin said, turning to acknowledge the woman first. "This is my mom."

"Hello," her mother said, a smile across her face. "It's nice to meet you all." Turning to Valeria, her smile widened. "And you must be Valeria."

you "Yeah," she said, smiling back. "Nice to meet you."

"Likewise. My daughter has told me a lot about you. And who are your friends?"

lot Valeria started introducing them, but stopped when Mr. Tyrell released an exaggerated cough beside the car. "Elmyra, can we hurry this up? We have an important dinner to attend."

Mrs. Tyrell's smile evaporated as she turned and motioned for him to wait. Her smile returned as she addressed them again. "While her father doesn't care, I, on the other hand, am so happy to see Erin making friends. She needs to get out more."

so

"Mom!" Erin protested, her cheeks flushing red.

"What? Am I embarrassing you?" Mrs. Tyrell asked, her smile widening. "I can't help it. I'm just happy, that's all." She turned to Valeria. "My husband wants to meet your parents before we go. Hopefully Erin told you we'll leave security outside?"

James perked up and said, "Security? Is that necessary?"

"You'll be fine," Mrs. Tyrell said, her tone nonchalant. "I think my husband is being a little overprotective, that's all." She led the way to the front door and stood next to her husband, who rang the bell.

When no one answered, Valeria reached for the door handle - but stopped when Frank opened the door. His eyes widened with surprise upon noticing the older couple and the two security guards.

"Are you Detective Malone?" Mr. Tyrell asked.

"Uh...yeah?"

"I'm Lawrence Tyrell," Mr. Tyrell said, extending a hand.

Frank looked at his hand and started sniffling. Blowing his nose, he said, "Sorry. I have a cold. Don't wanna get you sick."

"Very well," Mr. Tyrell said, "Our security needs to check your house before we leave our daughter here. Do you mind?"

"Umm," Frank said, shrugging his shoulders. "Not really. Go ahead."

Erin stormed over to her dad, her face flushing bright red. "Dad! This is completely unnecessary. You're embarrassing me," she whispered, stomping her foot in protest.

"I'm just trying to keep you safe," he said, rolling his eyes. "As a police officer, I'm sure Detective Malone understands."

"Sure," Frank said, eyeing the two security guards. "Go ahead. I'm sorry our house is a mess right now."

Both security guards nodded and entered without saying a word. Valeria expected Frank to appear nervous, but he seemed calm and relaxed. On the surface at least.

"Is your wife at home?" Mrs. Tyrell asked. "I'd love to meet her."

"Well," Frank said, his eyes shifting between Mr. and Mrs. Tyrell, "she's still at work. She has a yoga class afterward, so she won't be home until later tonight."

Sighing, Mrs. Tyrell said, "that's too bad. She's quite admirable, working as a public school English teacher. You both sound like wonderful people, serving the public and agreeing to take in a foreign exchange student."

"Yes," Mr. Tyrell added, "After a background check on you, we learned your daughter passed away last year. I'm sorry to hear that. What happened, if you don't mind me asking?"

Frank's calm demeanor cracked; his smile faded and his fists clenched. "I'm not really sure why that's any of your business -"

"Knowing about the company Erin keeps is my business," Mr. Tyrell interrupted, his voice callous and unforgiving. He reached for the phone in his pocket. "You don't have to tell me. I can just make a phone call and find out -"

is "That's not necessary," Frank said, his tone and demeanor shifting toward defeat. "She had Leukemia."

"Leukemia?" Mr. Tyrell asked, his eyes narrowing. "That's unfortunate. A childhood friend of mine also lost her daughter to Leukemia. If you joined any Leukemia support groups, you might know her."

"I'm sorry to hear that," Frank said, refusing to look away. "What's her name?"

"Jada Jackson."

Valeria's eyes widened. Was it possible that Jada's maiden name was Jackson? Did she know him? She wanted to ask all these questions, but never got the chance.

"I'm sorry," Frank said, his face blank, "I've never heard that name before."

Mr. Tyrell paused, the two of them staring at each other without saying a word. He opened his mouth to speak, but stopped when the guards returned.

"The house is clear, sir."

Mr. Tyrell nodded and turned to Erin. "You know what to do in an emergency."

"Dad!" she protested, " I'll be fine."

Hugging her daughter, Mrs. Tyrell said, "I know you'll be fine. Have fun with your friends."

"Detective Malone," Mr. Tyrell said, removing a business card from his pocket. "This card has my cell, so feel free to contact me if you need anything. Her security team will escort her home later tonight. Good evening." He turned and walked away; Mrs. Tyrell followed close behind.

"You're welcome ," Frank muttered under his breath.

welcome Watching a guard escort the Tyrells to their car, Valeria whistled and said, "Wow. They're really protective of you."

Erin shuffled her feet and avoided eye contact. Her face was still beat red, her brown hair matted with sweat against her forehead. "They weren't able to have a kid. After adopting me, they called me their miracle."

" Miracle ?" James asked, his tone sarcastic. "It's a miracle you haven't gone completely insane with them smothering you like that. Anyway, it's nice to see you again Mr. Malone!"

Miracle miracle Nodding, Frank motioned for them to enter. "You too, James." He turned toward the others and said, "Roberta, Jon, and Sai. I made iced tea if you want some."

"Thanks, Mr. M," Roberta said, weaving past them. Jon, James, and Sai also greeted Frank as they entered, leaving Erin and Valeria at the front door.

"It's really nice to meet you, Mr. Malone," Erin said. "I'm Erin, and I'm so sorry about my parents and the security," she said, glancing back at the sole black car outside.

"That's alright," Frank said, back to his trademark smile. "I know your family needs extra security since your dad's a government VIP. Hopefully you can just relax and not worry about any of that with us."

"Thanks," Erin said, her eyes focused on Valeria. "I hope so."

"Come on," he said. "Let's not keep your friends waiting."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 19: The Promise


The afternoon went by quickly as James led them in another session of their D&D campaign: The Kidnapping of Princess Arelina .

The Kidnapping of Princess Arelina Erin was overwhelmed by the game's mechanics, and her face would flush every time her turn came around. James would remind her she was a healer, and order her to heal them with holy spells. She seemed put off by the whole idea, and would keep asking him if her character could do anything else.

Valeria had grinned at Erin as she protested the limited scope of her character's role. She didn't blame her - she wouldn't want to be stuck with that job either.

After an hour of trying to play D&D, they switched to Uno and other common household games. The others were hesitant around Erin at first, but the tension lessened when they played Uno. They all laughed when Erin saved her bad cards for James, who pretended to be hurt by her antics. After a few hands, Jon was the first to leave. They stopped playing Uno after he left, and James massaged his belly.

"I don't know about you guys, but I'm hungry."

Laughing, Roberta exclaimed, "You're always hungry!"

"I'll go take care of dinner," Valeria said. "Pizza's okay?"

Everyone agreed. After deciding on toppings, she left the living room and walked into the kitchen. Frank sat at the table, hunkered over a book. He tapped his foot repeatedly, but when he noticed her, he stopped and leaned back in his chair. Placing both hands behind his head, he forced a smile.

"Sounds like you're all having a good time."

"Yeah.I was going to order pizza, if that's okay?"

Frank shook his head. "I'll handle that. You go back in there and have fun."

Valeria took a step closer and whispered, "By the way, why did you lie about –"

"Not now. Understood?" Frank interrupted, his smile gone. "I'll tell you later. What did you guys want on your pizza?"

She relayed their order, trying her best to refrain from pressing further. She wanted to know if Jada's maiden name was Jackson. She wanted to know if she knew Mr. Tyrell, and if so, why was Frank being so secretive about it.

"Got it," he said, pulling out his phone. "I'll order the pizza. I also need to check in with Jada, so keep an eye out for the delivery guy while I'm upstairs, alright? Here, this should cover it," he said, handing her money before leaving the kitchen in a hurry.

Eyebrow raised, Valeria watched him leave. He seemed different. She couldn't pinpoint exactly what seemed off, but this was the first time he appeared... flustered .

flustered She started to exit the kitchen – but a flash of movement by the kitchen window forced her to stop. Moving closer, she cocked her head to the side as she looked outside. The sun had set along the horizon, with lights from different houses and buildings of the neighborhood turning on both near and far. She looked around their backyard again, but didn't see anything out of the ordinary.

Shrugging, Valeria left the kitchen and rejoined her friends. They played a few hands of a different card game – Apples to Apples – before the doorbell rang. The pizza delivery man stared back at her through the peephole, with two security guards patting him down. She opened the door and handed him the money.

"Everything alright so far?" One of the security guards asked.

Valeria motioned for them to look inside, where they could see everyone seated around a table playing cards.

"Alright," the guard said, "Let us know if you need anything."

Valeria shrugged and went back inside. She could hear James shouting at Sai about something related to the card game. Laughing, she took the pizzas into the kitchen. She opened the boxes and noticed the pizzas weren't pre-sliced. She groaned and searched the kitchen drawers for a pizza cutter.



When she couldn't find a pizza cutter, Valeria reached for a knife instead. As she slowly cut the slices, she felt an odd sensation - she was being watched. She looked up and gasped. Through the window, she saw an odd figure standing in their backyard.

Who - or what - the hell is that?

Who - or what - the hell is that? Hands trembling, she observed the fearsome figure cloaked in black, its hooded head cocked to the side. Her mouth was dry, her heart rate spiked. She had never seen anyone dressed like that before - no one other than Darth Vader. Is that a Rogue? she thought, paralyzed with fear.

Is that a Rogue? "Valeria?" Erin asked, entering the kitchen.

Her voice took Valeria by surprise. She flinched and fumbled the knife, accidentally cutting herself. Her trembling intensified as she inspected the gash across her hand. But when she looked up at the window a second time; the figure was gone. She turned and noticed Erin was looking out the window too. She was as pale as a ghost, but when she turned and their eyes met, she sprung into action.

"Oh my God!" Erin exclaimed, standing by her side. "I'm sorry I distracted you! Look at your hand!"

Valeria ignored her, scanning the backyard in a mad panic with the knife raised. "I saw a creep outside! You must have seen him too!"

Erin reached for a roll of paper towels. "You saw someone?"

"I saw... something !" Valeria whispered, pointing out the window. "Didn't you?!"

something Eyeing the knife in her hand, Erin moved forward with caution and said, "I didn't. I don't know what you saw, but I can't examine your hand unless you put the knife down."

Valeria switched the knife to her good hand, barely noticing the blood dripping from her injured one. Her frantic eyes continued sweeping the backyard , but she stopped as Erin came in close, put both hands on her face, and met her eyes.

"Look at me ," Erin said, her voice soft like a whisper. " You will be okay."

me You Looking into her eyes, Valeria's fear melted away. She had never been so close to another girl before. She observed the contours of Erin's face; every dimple was on full display. Her hazel eyes had hints of blue. She noted the way her brown wavy hair accentuated her face, and the way her lips pursed as she smiled. They were inches away from her own, and she couldn't stop looking at them.

"Give me your hand," Erin said. When Valeria obeyed, she closed both hands around her wound. She whispered something under her breath.

Valeria's eyes went wide as their hands glowed. It was an odd sensation; her hand felt warm and itchy. She looked up at Erin, who continued holding her hands, a simple smile across her face. She could detect something in the girl's eyes, but couldn't quite place it.

After an awkward silence, Valeria looked down when Erin released her hand. Her mouth dropped as she held up her injured hand - which had been miraculously healed. She checked the floor, and noticed the blood was completely gone. "How did you do that?!"

Erin's beaming expression shifted. Her eyes fluttered with fear, and she reached for Valeria's hand and clasped it with her own. " Promise me you won't say anything . You have to keep it a secret!"

Promise anything "Say anything?" Valeria asked with disbelief. "Are you kidding? That was amazing!" As Erin gripped her hand, she felt a different sensation.

"This can't be right," Erin said, her eyes widening. "It can't be!"

"What?"

"I can't believe it! I don't want to!" Releasing her grip, Erin broke eye contact and shook her head. "I shouldn't have come here. This was a mistake."



Perplexed, Valeria leaned toward her. "Are you okay? You're not making any sense."

Erin looked up, her eyes moist with tears. "I have to go. I'm sorry." She turned and bolted out of the kitchen.

Stunned, it took Valeria a moment to chase after her. As she left the kitchen, some of her normal instincts returned. She knew that creepy guy was still out there, and it might not be safe to leave.

Valeria ran after her and ignored the others, who were too busy playing cards in the living room. Erin had already flung open the front door, and ran into the street where she was greeted by the two security guards.

"What happened, Ms. Tyrell?" one guard asked, helping her into the car.

Wiping away tears, Erin said, "I'm having another panic attack! I need to go home."

Valeria approached the car, but the guard stopped her.

"I'm going to ask you to step back, miss."

She ignored him and hovered near the window where Erin sat. "Whatever I did, I'm sorry! I won't tell anyone . I promise !" She wanted her to look out the window, but she didn't.

anyone promise The guard started the car, but that didn't stop Valeria from hovering near the passenger window. The whole thing had happened so fast, and she said the only thing that came to mind. "Thank you Erin," she said, patting the window. "Thank you!"

Valeria watched the car speed away, leaving her alone in the street. She stood there, lost in her thoughts. She should be worrying about the Vader-like figure roaming around. But none of that mattered. Erin had taken over her mind; she was the only thing that mattered . And now she was gone - maybe forever .

she mattered forever "What the hell did you do?!" Frank had rushed out into the street, and stood beside her.

"I have no idea! It all happened so fast!"

"Are you guys okay?" Sai asked from the front door.

"Get back inside!" she yelled. Leaning toward Frank, she whispered, "I saw a creepy Rogue in our backyard."

"A Rogue?" Frank asked with disbelief, "spying on us? Are you sure?"

"I think so," Valeria whispered, scanning the dimly lit street.

"Get back inside now ," Frank whispered, his eyes wild. Once they were inside, he locked the front door and turned the lights to full brightness. He turned toward her friends and sighed.

now "Unfortunately, your evening will need to be cut short." He pulled out his phone and started texting. "Another detective called out sick, and I need to go into work."

"I hope everything's alright?" Sai asked.

Frank shook his head. "Nothing serious, but I still need to get there in a hurry. I can drop you all off at one of your houses?"

"My house is close by," Roberta said. "You can drop us off there, including Valeria if you need to."

"No. I'm dropping Valeria off with her host-mom. Are you ready to go?"

Her friends agreed.

They pulled up to Roberta's house fifteen minutes later. James, Sai, and Roberta exited the car and bid her goodnight. Sai tapped on her window, and she lowered it.

"Thanks for having us over again," he said, a goofy grin across his face. "I really had fun, and I hope we can do it again sometime."

Grinning, she started to offer her reply - but never got the chance.



"You like her, Sai," Frank said, his tone impatient. "She gets it. But we have to go! Run along now."

"Wait," Valeria whispered, but her protest was in vain. Frank disengaged the parking brake, and she grabbed the dash as he hit the gas. She struggled to keep her balance as the sedan swerved around multiple corners with reckless speed.

"Whoa slow down! What's going on?!"

"You've really done it this time, kiddo," Frank murmured.

"You're going to get us killed!" she yelled.

Frank ignored her and continued speeding through the neighborhood. They pulled up to a familiar gothic structure ten minutes later. He didn't say a word as he parked, exited the car, and walked to the door.

Coterel.

Coterel. Returning to this building was surreal. Last week she had nothing and no one. She had nothing to lose, but not anymore. She looked over at Frank, who tapped his foot as he waited by the door. She knew he was mad, but still didn't understand why. The same could be said for Erin, as she still didn't understand why the night unfolded the way it did. She might have lost Erin tonight - she hoped she wouldn't lose him too.

Her hands trembled, so she clenched her fists as she reached the door. He remained silent as they approached Goldie at the front desk.

"There was a fire at the nursery," Frank said.

Goldie nodded. "Your wife told me. She already made arrangements."

Frank nodded and led the way to the elevator.

"Fire at a nursery?" Valeria asked, unable to bear the silence anymore. "Is that part of the Thieves Cant stuff –"

"You mean Encryption," Frank said, his tone impatient. "Yes, it was a code for our emergency."

"Emergency?!" Valeria asked as the elevator doors opened. She recognized the vacant white room ahead and groaned.

The Hall of Shadows.

The Hall of Shadows. She had almost died here a week ago. The lights went out like before, but this time she was prepared. She watched Frank navigate the dark obstacle course first. He was slower and more methodical than her, but his dexterity was still impressive for his age. She finished the course in half the time, and next thing she knew, they were in the marketplace. She recognized Hami standing by the entrance waiting for them.

"Is it true?" Hami asked, concern written across his face.

"Yes," Frank replied with a sigh. "I'm not sure how much damage was done."

Hami turned to Valeria. "You must be scared. Don't worry, Valeria. This kind of thing happens more than you might think. Everything will be okay."

"What kind of thing ?" she asked.

thing Frank turned to her, eyebrows furrowed. " You blew our cover. We may not be able to enter our house ever again."

You ever " What?! " Valeria exclaimed.

What?! "Jada is waiting for you," Hami said. "Good luck, both of you."

Frank didn't say a word again as he led the way to the Sovereign's quarters, where Valeria and Jada had their first meeting a week ago. He walked up to Jada and embraced her in a hug.

"Thank Prometheus you're alright," Jada said.

"I tried the best I could," Frank whispered.

"Can someone please explain what's going on?" Valeria asked.

please

Frank released Jada and turned to her. "You remember that Celestial Faction I told you about?"

Valeria nodded. She remembered their discussion about a wealthy healing faction that controlled most hospitals and pharmaceutical companies. The Celestials weren't just corrupt - they were a Rogue's age-old enemy.

"Well," Frank said, "Lawrence Tyrell is the leader of that faction."

leader that The words hit Valeria like a punch to the gut. She should have known the second Erin healed her wound, but it had all happened so fast. A tearful Erin didn't want to believe it - maybe Valeria didn't want to believe it either. But the truth was inevitable.

Erin was her enemy.

was "I don't believe it," Valeria muttered through labored breaths. When Frank and Jada frowned at her, she devised an excuse. "Mr. Tyrell said he knew Jada! How is that possible?"

Sighing, Jada crossed her arms against her chest. "We grew up together in Baltimore. We were close as kids, but that changed after we joined opposing factions. Lawrence and I used to have a back channel between our two factions, but that closed after high profile members from both our factions have gone missing or turned up dead. Intolerant members are pushing Lawrence and me toward war, but we've exchanged encrypted emails to prevent that from happening."

"Okay. So you can trust him then?" she asked. "He knows you right?"

When Jada didn't respond right away, Frank cut in . "They've exchanged correspondence. But Lawrence never knew I was Jada's husband or where we lived...until now ."

now Valeria shook her head. "But he didn't see Jada there! There's a chance he might not know."

"It doesn't matter," he said, his eyes narrowing. "Because their protégé knows who you are."

you "Protégé?" Valeria asked, trying her best to sound innocent. "You mean Erin? Erin's is Mr. Tyrell's protégé?!"

"Did you know they had a protege all this time?" Frank asked, pointing a finger at Jada. "More importantly, did you have anything to do with this ?"

this "Do not talk to me that way," Jada said, her tone authoritative. "As your wife and leader - I'm warning you. You need to calm down and apologize."

not and He massaged his face and took slow deep breaths. "I'm sorry I lost it," he said, his tone and body language toning down. "I apologize...to both of you," he said, nodding at Jada and Valeria. "Please forgive me."

Valeria did a double take. She'd been on the receiving end of angry outbursts many times. But sincere apologies were far and few between. "Don't worry about it."

"I forgive you too, babe," Jada added, "And no, I didn't know they had a protege. Lawrence never wanted a child or protege, but Elmyra always did. I'm not surprised they adopted one of their own. So tell me, what happened?"

"Their protege must've detected her," Frank said.

detected "Detected?" Valeria asked.

Jada nodded. "Celestials can detect us if they touch us long enough. Did that girl touch you?"

Valeria felt a lump in the back of her throat. She knew Erin did more than just that. "Well, she... healed me."

healed "What?!" both Jada and Frank asked with wide eyes.

"What do you mean - she healed you?" Frank asked, his anger beginning to resurface.

healed Sighing, Valeria tried to start from the beginning. "I was trying to cut the pizza with a knife –"



"You stupid girl," Jada countered. "Why didn't you use a pizza wheel-cutter?"

"I looked for that, but couldn't find it. So I grabbed a knife and started cutting the slices better. When I looked up, I saw something in our backyard."

something "What did you see?" Jada asked with sudden interest.

"It looked like a Rogue. Some figure in black clothing. Their face wasn't visible through their hood -"

"Was Erin with you when you saw it?" Jada pressed.

"Yeah. Why?"

" It ?" Frank asked, turning to Jada. "What do you mean.. .it ? If she saw anything, it was probably a Rogue spying on us –"

It .it "Let the girl tell her story," Jada interrupted. "Go on."

Shrugging, Valeria described the rest of the encounter. She stopped after the part where Erin healed her accidental wound and ran off.

"Well," Frank said with a sigh, "Time for new identities and a new house. And I really liked that one too..."

With fists clenched, Valeria asked, "Do we really have to move? Can't we all just get along?"

"Don't be naive, girl. If your friend healed you," Jada said, eyes narrowing, "she knows you're a Rogue. I'm guessing she already ratted you out to her father.. .right ?"

knows .right Valeria shook her head, refusing to believe it. She had only known Erin a week, but they had grown close. She wanted to hate her, but every fiber in her body resisted. But that wasn't the only thing nagging her. Why had Jada phrased that as a question? Why did Jada seem so calm about the whole ordeal? "No," she said, her tone defiant. "Erin won't sell me out. She's my friend."

Frank rolled his eyes. "Listen, kiddo. That girl is not your friend. In fact, I'll bet they're sending police to tear our house apart right –"

He was interrupted by a ringing cell phone. He removed his cell, studied the number and turned to Jada. "It's him."

"Answer it on speaker," she said, making a silence gesture.

"Hello," Frank said, "this is Detective Malone."

"Hello, Detective Malone. Lawrence Tyrell here. I just wanted to call and apologize on behalf of our daughter."

"Why? Is she okay? She seemed upset and left in a hurry."

"Ever since we first adopted her, we've known Erin suffers from extreme social anxiety. It's one of the reasons we prefer she stayed home and avoided most social and public situations. She was having a panic attack and forgot her medication at home. She wanted to apologize for leaving abruptly, and wanted to thank you and your exchange student for your hospitality."

"Oh my," Frank said, trying to act concerned. "I hope she feels better. Valeria was worried too, and I'll make sure to let her know. Is there anything we can do?"

"No," Mr. Tyrell said with a disappointed groan. "She will be fine. This isn't the first time something like this has happened. Goodnight," he said before hanging up.

Frank turned to Jada. "Could it be a trick?"

"I know Lawrence," Jada said, massaging her chin, "and he's a terrible liar. That sounded authentic to me, but I'll send scouts to monitor and sweep the house. We'll stay here in Coterel tonight – I've already secured our room and -"

"I told you she wouldn't snitch," Valeria said.

"We are still staying here tonight," Jada said. "But if you bonded with that girl, it's possible our cover still might be safe."

"You can't be serious!" Frank exclaimed. "She's a Celestial for heaven's sake."

"She's not a bad person," Valeria countered.

"That might be true," Jada said with a sigh. "Either way, we all have to be cautious now. If we end up going back home, it will be up to you to stay on good terms with that girl."

you Valeria chose to remain silent, as she wasn't completely sure how to respond. Erin was her friend - maybe even something more. She still hadn't processed all the emotions she felt in that moment, standing next to her. She didn't know how to quantify or describe the connection they had. All she knew was that she trusted her.

Now more than ever.

"In the meanwhile," Jada continued, "We will be staying here in Coterel for an extended weekend. This will give us plenty of opportunity to fast-track your Rogue Training. I hope you're ready."

Valeria met her eyes and swallowed a lump in the back of her throat. She had no idea what training Jada planned to subject her to. She had no idea if she'd be ready, but it was time to find out.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 20: The Two Sovereigns


The next day went by painfully slow. Jada Pipino had sent spies to sweep and monitor the house, but they had nothing to report so far. She wasn't too surprised; she knew Lawrence Tyrell well. While Frank and the other guild leaders were skeptical, she wasn't. She could spot one of his lies a mile away.

While they waited patiently at Coterel over the weekend, Jada decided it was time to address some practical matters surrounding her new protégé. She had planned on outfitting Valeria with gear later on in her training. But when life throws you a curve-ball, you just have to adjust your swing.

Jada knew her protégé had a difficult task ahead. She had enrolled Valeria in school to force her to interact and blend in with ordinary teenagers. Celestials sent most of their protégés to private schools, and Jada doubted Valeria would meet or befriend one in a public school.

But Lawrence's decision to enroll their adopted daughter in public school was not completely shocking to Jada; he had picked one of the best in the city. While Elmyra Tyrell came from a wealthy family, Lawrence did not. Jada assumed that sending their protégé to public school was a compromise. Elmyra wanted the best education, but Lawrence wanted a public school to toughen Erin up and keep her somewhat modest.

Jada was used to playing moves and countermoves against her old friend and their rival faction, but the recent course of events was unprecedented. She knew most relationships between Rogues and Celestials ended with disaster, and recent events had the two factions edging toward war. And yet, here Jada was, encouraging her new protégé to befriend a protégé from a rival faction, hoping to keep their house and current alter-egos.

It's about more than that.

It's about more than that. Jada knew Valeria was special, and she wondered if the young Celestial had sensed it. If so, she hoped Lawrence's daughter realized just how important Valeria is. If not, that part of the plan was completely out of Jada's hands. All she could do was focus on the here and now.

After spending the first night at a two bedroom in Coterel, they took Valeria to the market. They started at Legendary Leatherworks, where Valeria received her first Aegis . It had taken them a while, but the girl eventually found one she liked.

Aegis The one I knew she'd like.

The one I knew she'd like. An Aegis was a set of leather armor that offered its wearer numerous protective effects. There were many styles, and while Jada had suggested a more modest look with plain black colors, her protégé had opted for a more colorful one. The body-fitting black leather jacket and pants reflected a more punk rock look, with hints of green accents trimmed in various locations.

As she dressed, Jada looked over to the tailor and whispered, "Same Aether concentration? Even with the modifications?"

The tailor winked as he leaned close. "I barely made any modifications," he whispered.

Nodding, Jada inspected her leather clad protege as she stood in front of a set of mirrors. So far, everything was going according to plan. Valeria had picked the most powerful Aegis their faction could offer. Jada would know - it used to be hers.

"Okay," Valeria said, studying herself in the mirror, "This is pretty cool. Umm...wait a minute." She stumbled and dropped to her knees. Her eyelids flickered and it looked like she was having a seizure as her body trembled.

Jada winced as the scene unfolded. She wanted to offer aid, she wanted to stop what was happening, what would happen. But she knew better than that. Valeria wasn't just special - she was strong . Stronger than she anticipated. She hadn't been so sure at first, but Valeria had proven herself day after day. When her eyes opened, Jada crouched beside her. "Are you okay?"

would strong

Valeria shuddered, trying to regain control of her body. "Yeah. I just felt really weird for a second there. Is that normal?"

For that suit...yes . Jada hated lying to Valeria, but she refused to let her emotions get in the way. The only thing that mattered was the plan , and so far it was being executed perfectly . "Maybe you picked one that's too tight," she lied. "You also don't drink enough water."

For that suit...yes the plan perfectly Groaning, Valeria stood and regained her balance. "Yeah yeah, whatever." She walked up to the mirror and started flexing and posing in front of the mirrors.

Jada sighed as the girl danced around in her new black leather armor. "Make sure the hood and face-guard are comfortable too." When it was clear Valeria didn't understand, Jada grabbed her hood and flipped it over her head. She reached for a tab on the front end of the jacket, pulled the panel up and let go. The elastic leather material conformed to the bottom half of her face.

"Whoa," Valeria said, examining her mostly concealed face in the mirror. "This makes me look like a ninja."

"Your headgear serves two purposes," Jada said. "It makes you harder to identify, but also offers reasonable amounts of protection. The leather is enchanted and fortified, which means it offers magical and real world protection."

"I'm sorry," she asked, eyes narrowing, "that means what?"

"It means it's resistant to some spells, heat, cold, acid, chemicals, blunt and piercing weapons. Your face shield also serves as a purifier, and will allow you to breathe in toxic environments for a while."

Valeria inspected her arms with newfound admiration. " Wow . What else can I do with this superhero suit?"

Wow Jada crossed her arms against her chest. Superheroes . The term irked her; most of today's comic book 'heroes' weren't worthy of such a title. Putting on a suit and becoming invulnerable didn't make a person heroic. Real heroes were relatable , vulnerable , and willing to make sacrifices . "It's called an Aegis. It should feel snug, but not so tight that you can't breathe."

Superheroes relatable vulnerable sacrifices Jada watched her protégé test out the new gear with jogging, crouching, and crawling. "How's it feel?"

Valeria jumped to attention and removed her face shield. "Good. Ya know, it's hard to believe a kid like me can wear this. I feel like a superhero in this thing."

Jada sighed, and said, "You will wear this Aegis for survival only. It's not some toy for you to play with."

"Speaking of toys," she said with a mischievous grin, "Can we go look at knives ?"

knives Jada noticed the eagerness in her eyes and felt a pang of unease. Despite the perfect nature of the plan, there were still areas of uncertainty. Should she let Valeria have a knife in case she needs to defend herself? What if she decided to use it for the wrong reasons? Exhaling, Jada said, "you're not ready for one yet."

"Don't worry, kiddo," Frank added, "we've got other cool things for you to play with. Follow me."

Jada sighed as they ran off. She offered a thumbs up to the merchant and he repeated the gesture. She had already paid last week and no further payment was needed today. The rest of the suits were a diversion; Jada knew which one Valeria would pick.

knew As she left the store and entered the marketplace, Jada could see the two of them laughing up ahead. Seeing Frank like that made her pause; she hadn't seen him this happy in a long time. When their daughter died last year, it felt like she had lost him too. The part that mattered at least. But the girl had brought him back to life.



She caught up with them as they approached the next shop with its colorful sign shaped like a bomb clearly displayed overhead.

Snaps, Claps, and Traps.

Snaps, Claps, and Traps. Once inside, Jada introduced Valeria to different tools. She started with bolas - ropes with a weight on each end. Next were smoke caltrops - small traps that released teargas after five seconds.

As Jada finished her explanation, she noticed Valeria staring at a gray cylinder on a nearby shelf. The girl reached for it and started toying with it in her hands.

"What about this one -"

"Don't play with that!" Jada snapped, snatching the cylinder away. "Are you crazy?"

"Why? I thought it was a spray can -"

"This is a flashbang," Jada interrupted. "This thing is like a mini-bomb. At close range - it could blow your hand off!"

"Whoa," Valeria said with sudden interest. "Now you've got my attention."

"It's not really a bomb," Frank added. "It releases a small explosion followed by a flash and shockwave. It's supposed to blind anyone who looks at it and disorient anyone caught in the aftershock."

Grinning, Valeria asked, "can I buy one?"

"Hell no," Jada said, snatching the flashbang from her and returning it to the shelf. "But don't worry, you can have some of these." She walked over to another shelf with small black orbs on its surface, grabbed one, and turned to Valeria. "This is a smoke bomb. They're like flashbangs, but smaller. They create smoke and noise for distraction, and are one of the primary tools used by all Rogues."

all "How do you use it?"

Jada winked. "We'll show you later. Now come on, let's finish up here." She allowed her to purchase a few devices, but when Valeria inquired about some of the more dangerous traps near the back of the store, Jada had forbade it. "You are getting tools for escape and survival today. I would have waited until next year to do this, but with the Celestials on to you - I want to make sure you're prepared to escape any situation."

When they finished at the trap store, Jada announced she needed to leave. She had Sovereign matters to attend to, and Frank agreed to teach Valeria some more stealth techniques at the training hall. Leaning close to him, she whispered, "teach her Vanish, Wall Climbing, and Safety Rolls."

"Three new skills in one day?" Frank asked with disbelief. "You think she can handle all that?"

"She can and she will. The bigger question – can you ?"

and you Frank chuckled under his breath. "I'll try. What's your plan?"

Jada bit her lip, knowing that Frank didn't know all the details of the plan . She couldn't tell him everything, and settled for what he needed to know. "I'll tell the guild representatives we're hiding here as a safety precaution."

the plan Frank shrugged his shoulders. "If by some miracle everything checks out, you really think we can just go home, and everything will go back to normal?"

"Hopefully," Jada said, trying to sound as sincere as possible. But she knew this was a lie. Nothing would ever be the same; dominoes had started falling and a flow of events had been set in motion. She leaned close for a quick kiss and whispered, "Good luck controlling the kid."

"Good luck controlling your brother. See you later this evening."

#

Jada stopped to catch her breath as she approached the Sovereign's chambers. While she was in remarkably good shape for her age, the pit stop along the way had drained her more than usual. While other guild leaders had advised her over the years, there was one adviser Jada trusted most - and she had decided to visit it .

adviser it

Entering the Sovereign Quarters, Jada found her brother, Xun, Hami, and Penny standing in a circle, talking in hushed tones. They bowed their heads as she approached. "Any updates?"

"No, Sovereign," Xun said. "Our scouts have been watching your house. I broke in last night and didn't find any bugs or secret cameras."

"So are you going to tell us what happened now or what?" Dontrell asked.

"I will," Jada said, choosing her words carefully. "Valeria brought some of her school friends to our house yesterday."

"So?" he asked, his tone impatient.

"So," Jada continued, "One of her new friends is Lawrence Tyrell's protégé. He personally escorted her to our house." Silence . Even Dontrell didn't have a pithy comeback for this one. "Luckily," Jada continued, "I wasn't the one who answered the door. It looks like Frank was able to keep calm and maintain his alter-ego."

Silence "Well well, looks like your husband came through in the clutch," Dontrell said with a smirk. "He always was a smooth talker."

Xun frowned at him. "The Sovereign isn't taking any chances, and I mostly agree. If it were me, I'd drop everything and relocate."

"I've thought about it Xun," Jada said, massaging her chin. "While it's tempting to play it safe and run, we have an extraordinary opportunity here."

Dontrell nodded, his lips pulling back into a smirk. "I like your thinking, Sis. You want Valeria to lure Lawrence or his protege to us."

Jada shrugged. "That's more of a last resort. If anything, I was thinking Valeria can observe and report for now. Lawrence may have chosen his protégé for a reason."

"One could say you and Frank did the same by having Valeria stay with you," Hami countered.

Frowning, Jada pointed a finger at him. "I had nothing to do with it. That was all my husband's doing."

"If you say so," Hami said, his sarcasm laid thick.

"Listen to me," Jada said, eyeing them one by one. "I know Lawrence Tyrell, and I know he never wanted children. Up until now, I figured he'd never adopt a child or a protégé. This protégé of his must be special, and we need to figure out why."

Penny looked over at her curiously. "What about finding answers another way? We could always use...you know -"

"Absolutely not!" Jada roared. "You shouldn't even mention that!"

"The woman has a point," Dontrell said. "That thing is supposed to give answers... right ? Why do we keep it so heavily protected when we never use it?"

right "You know the rules," Jada said, eyes narrowing. "The artifact has been kept under lock and key since the Rogue Faction moved its headquarters from Europe centuries ago. It's not meant to be used... ever ."

ever Turning away from them, Jada bit her lip. She had lied to Frank, Valeria, and her advisors today. It was exhausting - but a necessary part of the plan. While they had no idea what the artifact was - she did. She understood its power, and knew what could happen if it ended up in the wrong hands.

"That's it for today," Jada commanded, refusing to turn around. "Xun, keep me updated on my residence. I do not want to be disturbed for the rest of the day, unless it's an emergency. Understood?"

Everyone acknowledged and left the Sovereign Quarters. Jada looked around the room that belonged to her and a wave of nostalgia washed over her. She had befriended the previous Sovereign before assuming command herself. This man had taught her everything, and he had rescued her and Dontrell from poverty as children. While everyone in the faction assumed she stole Carwennan to become the leader, she knew this wasn't entirely true.

He told me I would become Sovereign the first day we met. He said I was destined to lead this Faction.

He told me I would become Sovereign the first day we met. He said I was destined to lead this Faction. Despite the fact it was supposed to be a secret, Jada knew rumors about the artifact and its power permeated the entire faction. The rumors varied; some whispered about a crystal ball, others imagined a magical flame, and some would boast about seeing tarot cards or other nonsense. While myths about the artifact spread over the years, one of its powers had always remained the same: the power to predict the future.

Jada felt a lump in the back of her throat, and closed her eyes for a moment. She was eleven years old again, sitting on the marble steps outside her mother's row-house back in West Baltimore. Dontrell was six years old, playing with a worn down soccer ball on the other side of the road. Her stomach growled, but Jada knew going inside their house was futile; their mother hadn't bought groceries in days. The summer sun beat down relentlessly overhead, but Jada felt cooler out here, with the building's shadow offering some shade. She wiped the sweat from her face with her palms and exhaled.

They turned off the electricity again, so it's a furnace inside anyway.

They turned off the electricity again, so it's a furnace inside anyway. "Hello, Jada Jackson."

Jada looked up at the figure looking down at her with surprise. The man was tall, pale, and dressed in a casual suit and tie. He brushed away a strand of his wavy brown hair as he took a seat on the marble steps next to her. "How do you know my name?"

"I know more about you then I should. I know you're meant to accomplish great things."

"You've got the wrong girl, mister. In fact, you've got the wrong city."

The man laughed. "Believe it or not, we're not so different. Long ago, I sat in the same spot, except it wasn't here in Baltimore – further north in Queens, New York."

"Yeah...right," Jada groaned. "You and I couldn't possibly be more different. So tell me, what's your story?"

"My story isn't important," he said, pointing at her. " Your story, however, is important. I know you haven't had an easy life. But I'm here to tell you - the past does not always dictate the future. You can not change your past, but if you join me, you can change your future. I lead a special group of people, and someday, you will take my place. When that happens, you will have a chance to change our world."

Your is you Jada had simply stared at the man dumbstruck as he offered his hand. Of course she had shaken his hand that day, and her life changed forever . The Sovereign arranged for her and Dontrell to live with their grandmother in New York.

forever Before they left, Jada considered asking their mother to come, but knew any attempts were futile. Their mother had been so consumed with grief after their father's murder and had fallen prey to vices that so many in the city were victim to. She had kissed her mother's pale damp forehead, and the woman barely noticed she was there.

"I've got to go momma," she whispered.

The frail white woman looked up at her in a daze. "Okay, don't stay out too late. Make sure you tell your father, and take your brother with you."

Wincing, Jada whispered, "I will." She kissed her forehead one more time before turning and leaving. As she walked out of their home for the last time at eleven years old, she couldn't help but repeat the Sovereign's words in her mind.

Someday, you will take my place. You will have a chance to change our world.

Someday, you will take my place. You will have a chance to change our world. Jada opened her eyes and returned to the present. The man who had served as her mentor, replacement father figure, and friend had been right all along. She was in his position, and it was finally time to change the world.

was

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 21: The Strange Vault


"One more time, kiddo. Practice makes perfect."

Valeria groaned as she looked up the training tower and noticed Frank looking down at her, a smug grin across his face. She took a deep breath as she faced the tower's smooth wall directly ahead.

Time to climb like Spider-Man again .

Time to climb like Spider-Man again Frank had explained how the gloves from her Aegis suit and the footwear from Xun both had special hooks embedded within the leather. His explanation was boring and technical, but she got the gist; they allowed her to scale walls like a superhero. She placed both palms up on the wall and slowly pulled herself up.

While the gloves and shoes allowed her to adhere to the wall, they did little to help with the physical demands of pulling oneself upward. Luckily, the entire Training Hall was enveloped in darkness. Here, in the dark, she found her strength augmented like the Hall of Shadows. She forced herself to breathe as she climbed the flat surface, and avoided looking down. She kept up the same rhythm: Right hand up...left foot up. Left hand up...right foot up.

Right hand up...left foot up. Left hand up...right foot up. When Valeria reached the top of the tower, she sat along the edge and panted for air.

Frank laughed as he helped her stand. "It's a good work out, eh? Ready to do another Safety Roll?"

"Not really," Valeria said through labored breaths. "But I don't have a choice, do I?"

Frank shrugged. "You can either jump, or climb down. It's up to you."

"Maybe in a bit," Valeria said, taking in the sights. "I need a break." From up here, she could see the entire Training Hall. The room was a massive complex, much like their school gymnasium. A group of hooded Rogues ran around some sort of obstacle course below, playing a game that resembled laser tag. Pointing at them, she asked, "What are they doing?"

"They're playing Blitzflag," Frank said, a smile across his face.

"What's that?"

"It's a game Rogues play to train together and develop comradery. Lots of Rogues play Blitzflag together before forming professional crews. There's even an annual worldwide competition."

"Professional crews?" Valeria asked.

"Yeah," Frank said, taking a seat along the edge. "For big jobs, most Rogues need to group together as a Crew. You've seen this in the movies, where the robbers all organize their team before a big heist. Blitzflag is a good way for Rogues from different guilds to practice together, and figure out each person's basic strengths."

Valeria nodded. "Okay, so how do you play?"

"Well, it's basically a laser tag-like version of capture the flag," Frank said, pointing below. "Each team gets five players. Two players can hold guns and are called Gunners," he said, pointing to a Rogue below holding a rifle. "Stabbers are the two players who get dull 'laser' knives. In the past, we used paintball guns and wooden knives covered in paint." He pointed to a Rogue with a glowing knife and said, "There's a Stabber - watch closely."

Valeria watched this Rogue sneak behind a rival Gunner and stab him from behind. His victim fell to the floor and lay still for a few moments. "Holy crap! Did he just hurt that guy?"

Frank laughed. "Nah, he'll be fine...see?" After a few moments, the Gunner stood and began returning fire at the enemy team again. "Your generation wears a special vest when you play Blitzflag. When you get hit with either a shot or a knife, the suit shocks you and leaves you paralyzed for ten seconds. We used to just count to ten with an honor system or referee."

"I see. What's that guy doing?" Valeria asked, pointing at a Rogue trying to creep along a back wall. This guy was unarmed and carried a glowing yellow flag.



"That's their Runner," Frank said. "Like I said, the game is basically a modified version of Capture the Flag. The goal is to capture the enemy's flag, while preventing them from capturing yours. The only people who can carry enemy or friendly flags are the teams' Runners."

"I see," Valeria said, massaging her chin. "So can those runners carry weapons?"

Frank shook his head. "No. You can't carry a weapon and a flag at the same time, but a Gunner or Stabber can give their weapon to a Runner, and they switch roles. That doesn't happen too often since people are given a role they're good at. Assassins and Pirates make good Gunners, while Bounty Hunters and Ninjas usually make the best Stabbers. Thieves or Ninjas are usually the best Runners, but it really depends on the group of people."

Valeria looked at the Rogues playing Blitzflag below with an eager grin. "Sounds like fun. When can I do that?"

Frank shook his head. "Later, but first things first. See you down there," he said before jumping off the ledge. He hit the ground below feet first and pushed off his toes, somersaulted into a ball, and popped back up to his feet.

Valeria groaned from the top of the tower. She had tried to execute that maneuver twice and failed miserably both times. Her ankle was still sore from the last impact, and she could feel her father's anklet digging into her swollen flesh. She took a step back, gathered her resolve, and performed a running leap off the ledge.

She tried to keep her balance in the air and landed on her feet, just like Frank. She pushed off her toes immediately upon impact and tried to roll forward, but failed and landed flat on her back. The Aegis nullified most of the impact from the fall – but it still took a moment before she could stand.

"Good try, kiddo. Let me help you up."

Valeria stood and limped with every step. "I don't think I'll ever land one of those."

"It took me weeks to land my first one," Frank said with a laugh. "Don't worry, like the rest of your training - you will get better with practice."

"Can we get lunch now?"

"I guess so," he said, checking his watch. "We still have one technique left to learn, but we can learn that afterwards. Follow me."

Limping, Valeria followed Frank out of the Training Hall and down a narrow dark corridor. While the pain from her ankle was overwhelming, she felt something else. Something... familiar . The pain in her ankle was replaced by warmth and an itchy sensation, and Valeria jumped upon hearing a barely audible whisper.

familiar "In...Anna...In...Anna..."

"In...Anna...In...Anna..." She could hear Frank rambling about their food choices ahead, but zoned him out. She focused on the odd whispering and followed it toward a nearby wall. She didn't notice anything different about this part of the wall, but definitely heard the whispering more clearly here.

She reached out to touch the wall, but gasped when her hand disappeared within it. She pulled her hand back before Frank turned around.

"What are you doing, kiddo? Thought you wanted lunch?" When she didn't respond, he asked, "What's wrong?"

"Umm," Valeria muttered. "Maybe I landed wrong and hit my head earlier, cause I think I'm hearing things. Do you hear anything?"

Frank shook his head. "No. Why?"

"In...Anna...In...Anna..."

"In...Anna...In...Anna..." "Uhh...nothing," she said, unsure how to reply. "Nothing at all. Maybe I just need something to eat."

Frank shrugged his shoulders. "Okay, let's go."

Nodding, Valeria let him lead the way. She stole one last glance backward as the whispering voice slowly became inaudible and thought, what the hell was that all about?

what the hell was that all about?

#

Valeria tried to regain her composure as she, Frank, and Jada ate lunch in the Sovereign Quarters. She remained quiet while the two chatted, reviewing her options in her mind. She could tell them about what happened near the training hall, but she wasn't sure they'd believe her. But she was also curious and tempted to find out more information by herself.

"How's training going?" Jada asked.

"Pretty good," Frank replied. "She's got climbing and falling down pat."

"I was asking the girl. Did you practice the Vanish skill yet?"

"Not yet," Valeria said, stabbing at the food with her fork.

"We'll work on it after lunch," Frank added. "Any word from Xun?"

"So far so good," Jada said. "If everything checks out tomorrow, I think we can head back. Valeria needs time to work on her homework before school on Monday."

"You're worried about that?!" Valeria asked with disbelief. "What if the Celestials find and arrest us?"

Jada shrugged. "If Lawrence Tyrell's protege told him who we were, he would have made a move by now."

"You really think you can trust that girl?" Frank asked, his voice ripe with skepticism.

Before she could answer, Jada cut in. "It doesn't matter if you trust her or not. Make that girl feel like she can trust you. You will seek her out at school on Monday and tell her who you really are."

feel " What ?!" Frank protested. "You can't be serious."

What Jada ignored him, her eyes focused on Valeria. "This is not a suggestion. Do you understand?"

not "You want me to tell her I'm a Rogue?"

Jada shook her head. "She already knows you're a Rogue. You need to be more intimate with her. Tell Erin where you come from and what you've been through. I want you to prey on her sympathy."

intimate prey Valeria's fists clenched under the table. She could read between the lines, and didn't like where this conversation was headed. If Jada viewed Erin as a target - then Valeria was her weapon, and she didn't appreciate being used like that. "Why should I?"

"Because," Jada replied, "You will spy on her for us. I want to know everything about that girl. Understood?"

When Valeria protested, Jada cut her off. "This is non-negotiable! You got us into this mess, and you will do your part. Tell me you understand!"

You you Valeria nodded, but refused to offer a verbal reply. Like before, she understood Jada's position - but disagreed. The tension was palpable as the three of them finished the rest of their meal in silence. Afterward, they walked back to the Training Hall, and Valeria heard the whispering voice as they approached the entrance.

"In...Anna...In...Anna..."

"In...Anna...In...Anna..." She turned toward the wall for just a moment, tempted to investigate further. She couldn't understand why the voice was calling out to her. But that wasn't all. The weird part was how familiar the voice was. It sounded just like...

"Something wrong?" Jada asked, eyes narrowed.

Valeria cursed under her breath. She had been distracted and didn't even realize she had turned around. "Umm...no. Nothing's wrong."

"Good," Jada said before turning around. "Time to practice Vanishing techniques," she lectured as they entered the Training Hall.

Vanishing skills involved a combination of misdirection and the stealthy creeping skills Xun had taught during their training. The most common version involved throwing a ninja smoke bomb as a distraction and creeping around someone during the commotion. Valeria hadn't believed it was possible of course - but that all changed after watching Jada in action.



"Go on," Jada commanded, standing at the ready. "Two against one - you and Frank versus me. Either one of you lays a hand on me," she said while turning to Valeria, " you get a smartphone. And you ," she said while turning to Frank, "Get a surprise later tonight."

you you Frank laughed. "Me and the kid against you? Without any traps or smoke bombs? I won't get my hopes up."

Valeria stood next to Frank and waited. On Jada's command, they both charged her - but their effort was in vain; Jada threw a smoke bomb near her feet and vanished in a cloud of smoke. She heard a grunt next to her, and watched Frank hit the ground with a thud. She looked around for Jada, but Valeria couldn't find her anywhere.

"Over here," Jada whispered somewhere nearby.

Valeria used her night vision to survey the dark open space within the training hall, but still couldn't find her. "You can't stay hidden forever! You'll eventually need to get close!" As she finished, her neck hairs prickled from someone's warm breath.

"Who said I was far away?" Jada whispered.

Valeria spun and tried to swing at Jada, but she was too quick. Another smoke bomb detonated at her feet, releasing a puff of smoke and noise that sent her staggering backward. Next thing she knew - she was pinned to the ground.

"No Smartphone for you," Jada whispered before letting go.

Valeria groaned as she stood. She limped over to Frank, who still hadn't completely recovered himself.

"Shall we practice some more?" Jada asked, a smile slowly creeping across her face.

"Definitely," Valeria replied, her voice ripe with eager enthusiasm.

After a few hours of practice, Valeria started to grasp the basics of vanishing and reappearing behind an opponent without being detected. Unlike her other training, this didn't seem as complicated and played to her strengths. She was already deceptive and quick. Now she could add smoke bombs to her arsenal.

Jada explained that she would need to prepare to Vanish at all times, as this allowed Rogues to overpower opponents and evade danger.

Vanish "We will get more smoke bombs before we leave," Jada said. "You will always carry these devices on you - even at school." Exhaling, she leaned closer to her, eyes narrowed. "This is important, so listen up. You will always keep your Aegis in your bookbag at all times , and if you sense danger, you should use it. Understood?"

always bookbag all times should Valeria agreed.

After their afternoon training session, the three of them got dinner from the dining hall and brought it back to Jada's quarters. As they sat there eating, Valeria couldn't help but daydream about showing off her Aegis at school. This included her Ninja shoes, which meant she could sneak out of any class undetected now. While she had promised to use these tools to evade danger, she wondered if Biology tests counted?

After dinner, they returned to their rental room and watched a movie. Once again, Jada picked the movie and selected the original 1968 version of the Thomas Crown Affair with Steve McQueen and Faye Dunaway.

The movie was similar to the other one they watched last week : Out of Sight. Both involved a male thief seducing a woman trying to capture them. When the movie ended on a dramatic cliffhanger, only one word came to mind. "Wow," she said, her eyes widening. "That guy acted like he was in love with the girl, but flew off without her. That's cold."

: Out of Sight. Jada nodded. "I picked that movie on purpose. No matter how many feelings you have for someone, you must trust your instincts. If Thomas had trusted Vicki, he would have gotten caught." She looked over at her husband for a moment, an odd expression across her face. Sighing, she turned back to Valeria. "As a Rogue, you must prepare to make sacrifices. Understood?"



Valeria nodded. "I got it."

"Good," Jada said. "Let's all get some sleep."

As she lay in bed, Valeria couldn't help but think about Erin and Sai. She cared about both of them, and tried to imagine turning a cold shoulder to them like the character in the movie. She thought about Frank and Jada, and wondered if she would ever have to abandon them some day too. She had been alone for such a long time, but not any more. She gripped her pillow and thought, I finally have people I care about...and I don't want to let them go.

I finally have people I care about...and I don't want to let them go. "Then don't," a familiar voice whispered back.

"Then don't," Valeria's eyes widened as she sat bolt upright in bed. She looked around their dark hotel room, but didn't see anything out of the ordinary. Frank and Jada slept in the bed across from her, with Frank snoring every so often. Her eyes had already adjusted to the dark, and she searched the room. "Who are you?" Valeria whispered. "Where are you?"

" Who are you ?" the voice whispered back. " Where are you ?"

Who are you Where are you Valeria looked around the room, but no one was there. "It's you, isn't it?" She whispered. "The voice I heard earlier?"

" It is you, isn't it ?" the voice whispered back.

It is you, isn't it "You want me to go there, don't you?" she whispered.

"You want to go there, don't you ?" the voice whispered back.

"You want to go there, don't you Valeria flopped back against her pillow, trying to contain her frustration. Being taunted was annoying, but the voice was familiar - and unfamiliar at the same time. The overwhelming feeling of nostalgia left her disoriented and confused. She would never figure out the answer lying here in bed; she knew what she needed to do.

Holding her breath, she crept out of bed and found her Aegis suit. She slipped into the armor and nearly collapsed as vertigo overwhelmed her again. When the nausea passed, she checked the other bed and found Jada and Frank fast asleep. Sorry guys. She exited the room and closed the door behind her without making a sound. She navigated the dark vacant hallways, using the shadows to her advantage. Near the training hall, she stopped upon hearing familiar voices talking in hushed tones.

Sorry guys. "I don't know why you can't just try breaking in?" a female voice asked.

"Because," a male voice responded - clearly Dontrell's, "I'm not exactly sure where the entrance is. I also love my sister, and if she found out I tried to break in there – she would disown me."

"You are letting your emotions get in the way," the female voice hissed.

"Don't forget who you're talking to, Brigitte ," Dontrell fired back. "Without me, you'd still be walking the streets in Amsterdam, using the color red for a different profession."

Brigitte "Of course I remember," Brigitte replied, her tone a little more seductive. "I will always be indebted to you, the deadliest man in the world. It should be you leading us, not her. If you were to possess the artifact...maybe we could –"

"Enough," Dontrell interrupted. "I didn't come here to debate. Even if I knew where the entrance was, I still have no idea what traps are in there. Besides, I've got an even more important mission for you."

"What could possibly be more important than the artifact?" Brigitte asked, her tone defiant.

"I want you to follow someone."

"What about my original target?" Brigitte asked with surprise.

"Forget about her," Dontrell said. "This mission is more important. We'll discuss it in your room, unless you want to keep snooping around out here."

"I will always do whatever you command."

Valeria hid behind the corner as they walked away, trying to make sense of what she heard. She wondered who Brigitte was supposed to follow. Could she be Brigitte's target? Was she that creepy Rogue in their backyard? And what artifact were they talking about?

There were so many questions without answers. As she crept toward the Training Hall, she hoped to answer at least one question tonight. She heard the whispering voice near the entrance again.

"In...Anna...In...Anna...In...Anna..."

"In...Anna...In...Anna...In...Anna..." Valeria studied the ordinary wall, weighing her options. She knew this voice wanted her to go in, even if her name wasn't Anna. But part of her wondered if this was some kind of trap. She extended her hand to the wall, and just like before, it disappeared within it. She pulled her hand back and studied it, but nothing was wrong. Heart pounding, she clutched her chest, closed her eyes and stepped through the wall.

She should have smacked into concrete, but didn't. When she opened her eyes, she stood within a circular room with a large vault door ahead. She looked behind her and noticed odd cameras where she entered, each projecting an optical illusion of a wall. Nothing magical about that , she thought with a smile.

Nothing magical about that Valeria turned back to the vault with three massive rotating dials on the door. They currently read, "0,0,0." A framed wooden sign stood beside it.

"The Strange Vault: 2011."

-----------------------------------

"Beware all who enter here,

You get one chance to dial dear.

The man inside will guide you,

His number will let you through.

Be sure to recall this vault's name clearly,

For respect is the ultimate currency."

"The Strange Vault: 2011."

-----------------------------------

"Beware all who enter here,

You get one chance to dial dear.

The man inside will guide you,

His number will let you through.

Be sure to recall this vault's name clearly,

For respect is the ultimate currency." Valeria blinked after reading the sign. Confused, she tried reading the clues again, but failed to make any sense of it. She looked past the sign and noticed a large bold faced name imprinted over the top of the vault door:

Midas Vault: Est 1872

Midas Vault: Est 1872 Directly below this name, she observed a second name that appeared to be hand-etched into the wall beside the vault door, instead of on top.

Vault of Wonders: 1992

Vault of Wonders: 1992 Valeria looked at both vault titles before returning to the sign again. She guessed it must have been put here by Jada in 2011. She tried to understand why a Sovereign ruler like Jada would leave a clue to her vault. But it appeared the previous Sovereign must have done something similar back in 1992, so maybe this was some sort of tradition?

She made sure to read the clues a few more times until she had them memorized. She hated to retreat, but knew she couldn't touch the door tonight. While most of the clues were a mystery, the first part wasn't. She would only get one chance to enter the code, and until she figured it out - she was shit out of luck.

Groaning, she crept back the way she came and peaked around the corridor. Vacant. She should have gone back to their room, but noticed the Training Hall nearby and crept toward it. She was all jacked up on adrenaline now, and figured it couldn't hurt to practice her new skills for a while.

Satisfied that she was alone, Valeria casually strolled into the Training Hall, oblivious to the figure watching her silently from the corridor, arms crossed against their chest.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 22: The Meeting Under the White Pine


When Valeria returned to their room later that night, she collapsed onto the bed, utterly exhausted. She expected to hit a soft mattress, but hit the ground with a thud. Thunder crackled overhead, followed by the soft pattering of raindrops as they hit the ground. The night sky offered limited visibility, and her innate night vision hadn't kicked in yet.

"Where am I?" Valeria groaned, pushing off the ground, her hands grasping tufts of moist grass and mud. Had she teleported outside somehow? Was this real? Or just a dream? A flash of lightning lit up the sky, bringing her surroundings into focus.

She sat in a meadow, with fields of grass stretching out as far as the eye could see. Large stone structures loomed over her, their shadows coming alive as lightning continued to pulse overhead. Two men and a woman conversed nearby, and with eyes narrowed, she observed their features.

One of the men was older with a long white beard, while the other was younger, with long brown hair. While the older man was dressed in a flowing dark robe, the younger wore a dense set of metallic armor. "They won't come," the younger said.

"They will," the elder replied. "We can end this war, tonight ."

tonight They continued talking, but Valeria had zoned them out. She studied the woman, who looked familiar . The eyes stood out the most - she'd recognize those hazel eyes anywhere.

familiar " Erin? " Valeria asked. There was another flash of lightning, and she covered her eyes. A crack of thunder bellowed overhead, but that's not all she heard. A piercing scream split her ears, overwhelming her senses, and everything faded to black.

Erin? "Time to get up, girl," Jada said.

Valeria sat bolt upright in bed, her forehead damp with sweat. The grassy field and its stone structures were gone, replaced by their small hotel room in Coterel. Jada stood over her, eyes narrowed.

"Bad dreams? Well shake them off. Why did you sleep in your Aegis anyway?"

Valeria studied her leather clad arms and cursed her stupidity. She was so exhausted last night and forgot to change. "It was cold in here," she lied.

"Well, change out of it," Jada said. "You and Frank are going back to the house today."

"We are? Really ?" she asked with surprise. The odd dream seemed less important - all she wanted to do was go home.

Really Jada threw clothes onto her bed. "You and Frank are. I have to deal with Sovereign matters. Frank will be here in a minute with breakfast. Don't forget - you will meet with Erin tomorrow. Win her trust - okay ?"

okay Valeria nodded. "Got it. See you later." After Jada left, she dressed in civilian clothes, packed the Aegis in her bookbag, and waited until Frank entered the room.

"Morning, kiddo," Frank said, holding two cartons of food. "I got an omelette and waffles. I'll let you pick. After we eat, we're heading home."

An hour later, Valeria and Frank entered their row-house back in Brooklyn. Entering the house felt surreal; the past two days felt like an eternity. Back in Coterel, Valeria had wondered if they would need to relocate, and her imagination went wild with different outcomes. The most extreme involved Frank and Jada dumping her off at the detention center as an extreme form of retribution.

"See," Frank said, looking around the foyer. "Everything is just like we left it. It's gonna be okay, kiddo."

"Frank," Valeria said, choosing her words carefully. "In case anything shitty happens, I want you to know I'm sorry."

"You don't have to apologize," he said. "I shouldn't have gotten mad at you yesterday, it really wasn't your fault. You couldn't have known."

"Well," Valeria continued, eyes downcast, "If I cause trouble again, I'd understand if you want me to leave."



Frank turned and placed both hands on her shoulders. "Listen to me, kiddo. I gave you my word. I promised to always look after you, and that won't change whether it's in this house, or any other. Okay ?"

Okay Valeria looked up at him, her weird internal conversation replaying in her mind. I finally have people I care about, and I don't want to let them go. The urge to hug her new father-figure was undeniable. While she knew it was too soon to display this type of affection, she couldn't resist the urge this time and hugged him. She wasn't surprised when he hugged back.

I finally have people I care about, and I don't want to let them go. "Guess you kinda like me, huh?" he said with a laugh. "I could get used to this."

"Don't get too used to it," she said, resisting the urge to laugh as she released him. "I've got enough friends."

"I won't," he said, a smile across his face. "I'm your guardian - not your friend . Go work on your homework. I'll be washing dishes down here, so let me know if you need anything."

guardian friend Nodding, she waved goodbye before heading upstairs. She emptied her bookbag across her bed and removed the Aegis. Studying the black and green suit, she took a seat at her desk and turned the computer on. An idea came to mind as she pulled up the web browser and began her first search.

"Strange Vault." No interesting web results.

No interesting web results. Valeria tried, "Strange Vault 2011," but that query did not return anything interesting either, so she tried another one.

"Vault of Wonders, 1992." No interesting results.

No interesting results. Valeria tried searching the last name she discovered last night; Midas Vault – 1872, but that search failed too. While the other names didn't spark much interest, she knew the name Midas sounded familiar. She did a Google search for Midas and found results for a familiar American company.

Midas Midas: Brakes, Tires, Oil Change, All of your Auto Repair needs.

Midas: Brakes, Tires, Oil Change, All of your Auto Repair needs. Valeria shook her head. There was no way that vault was put there to fix cars. She decided to try Wikipedia next, and the search for Midas brought up a page about a mythological figure named King Midas . She read the page and found a passage that sparked interest.

King Midas " The most famous King Midas is popularly remembered in Greek mythology for his ability to turn everything he touched into gold ."

The most famous King Midas is popularly remembered in Greek mythology for his ability to turn everything he touched into gold She paused, considering this a moment. She wondered if that was the Rogue Faction's best kept secret? Some artifact that turned everything to gold? The rest of the page described how Midas' gift became his curse. Everything he touched turned to gold - including food and water. This led to his death by starvation and the moral of the story; greed will lead toward one's downfall.

Everything Was this some sort of clue? A warning about what to expect in the vault?

Was this some sort of clue? A warning about what to expect in the vault? Valeria tried a few more searches, but came up with no further clues. She gave up her search and worked on her homework until dinner time. Frank had cooked his mother's Italian pasta recipe. They had an enjoyable meal and he offered to help with her assignments, but she declined.

She went back upstairs, finished her homework, and began her bedtime routine. Once in bed, she lay awake as thoughts raced in the back of her mind. She had no idea what she would say to Erin tomorrow. Jada ordered Valeria to win her trust, but how would she do that?

She thought of different excuses she could tell, but kept coming back to what Jada said. Tell Erin where you come from, and what you've been through. This way, you can prey on her sympathy. But the whole idea made her uneasy. She didn't want to prey on Erin. She didn't want to deceive or mislead her.

Tell Erin where you come from, and what you've been through. This way, you can prey on her sympathy.

With that last thought in mind, she drifted off to sleep.

#

She awoke the next morning refreshed; there were no nightmares this time. She had breakfast with Frank, and the two of them sat at the table conversing in civilian clothes. He was returning to police work today, but said he would have his cellphone on in case of emergencies.

"If it's serious," he said, wiping his mouth, "just text the word – Lamb. Got it?"

Lamb. Valeria raised an eyebrow. "Lamb? Like the animal?"

Frank shook his head. "It's an old slang version of Lambster or Lamster, which means someone on the run. If you think you're in danger – text me, put on your Aegis, and do whatever it takes to reach Coterel. Do you understand?"

Valeria nodded. "Gotcha. Thanks." Once finished with breakfast, she rode her bike to school and ran into Sai near the bike rack.

"Hey, V. Have a good weekend?"

Valeria's lips pulled back into a smirk. A good weekend? How about one of the weirdest weekends of my life. "Uh...yeah. You?"

A good weekend? How about one of the weirdest weekends of my life. "Yeah. Nothing too exciting. Are you still grounded?"

She considered this a moment. Technically she was , but Jada wasn't home. "No. Why?"

Technically , "Well, want to hang out after school?"

Valeria studied him a moment. "Maybe. Let's meet up after school and I'll let you know." His offer was enticing and she wanted to say yes. But she still had to meet with Erin today, and everything hinged on that.

Grinning, Sai said, "Alright. I'll walk you to class."

Valeria paid little attention as they walked into the school, her focus centered on Erin. She said goodbye to Sai before her first period class. To her surprise, Erin's seat was vacant.

Shit.

Shit. A whiff of intoxicating perfume invaded her nostrils. Gagging, she resisted the urge to vomit as a familiar voice addressed her.

"Hey there, girlfriend," Sheri said, taking the seat beside her and brushing away a strand of long blonde hair. "Do anything crazy this weekend?"

crazy When the nausea passed, Valeria exhaled and attempted a fake smile. Crazy? she thought , "if you mean hiding out at an outlaw headquarters - sure. "Not really," she lied, "still grounded."

Crazy? , "if you mean hiding out at an outlaw headquarters - sure. "That's too bad," Sheri sputtered, chewing gum loudly. "By the way, Erin wanted me to give you this," she said, offering a plain white envelope.

Valeria took it and noticed the seal was broken. "Hey! Did you open this?"

"Of course I did. You know I can't resist any juicy gossip. I figured it might be a secret or a love letter."

Valeria's mouth dropped. "Love letter?" She had felt something during their encounter in the kitchen, but never expected Erin to feel the same way.

had never Sheri rolled her eyes. "It's the twenty-first century. My gaydar has always been curious about that one. But don't worry - it wasn't a love letter. The paper inside was blank. Between you and me, that girl has always been a strange one."

Valeria opened the envelope, removed its contents, and realized Sheri was right. The paper inside was blank.

"See," she said, leaning over to look. "I told you."

Valeria studied the blank piece of paper multiple times. She knew it must be some sort of riddle. "Did she say anything else?"

Sheri slouched back in her chair. "Nope."



Throughout the morning, Valeria ignored her classroom teachers and focused on the blank sheet of paper. What am I missing here? she wondered. The envelope was also blank and unadorned except for a wax seal. It was imprinted with an odd symbol that resembled a star.

What am I missing here? Was that a symbol of their Faction? They're called Celestials, right? Valeria knew the latin root of the word Celestial pertained to the sky and stars, but wondered what kind of clue Erin was getting at. She wondered why Erin would give her this during the day, when it was impossible to see any stars. The only thing visible during the day was...

Was that a symbol of their Faction? They're called Celestials, right? She perked up a moment as the answer suddenly revealed itself. She raised her hand and waited to be called on.

"Yes Ms. Ramirez?"

"I'm feeling sick! I think I have to throw up!"

"The period is over in twenty minutes," the teacher said. "Can't you wait to see the nurse?"

Valeria shook her head. "No! It's an emergency!" she exclaimed, trying to retch and act like she had to vomit. If she took a few more whiffs of Sheri's perfume, she might actually have to puke.

Groaning, the teacher said, "Alright, Ramirez. There's a copy of tonight's assignment on my desk. Take it before you leave."

"Hope you're not pregnant," Sheri teased behind her.

Valeria ignored her and ran for the door. She ignored the teacher's protests, exited the classroom, and sprinted down the hallway. At the school's exit, she removed the envelope and walked outside. "The only star you can see during the day," Valeria uttered aloud, removing the blank paper, "is the Sun ."

Sun She held the paper above her, making sure to bathe it in sunlight. As she did, handwritten words materialized on the page:

" Dear Valeria,

Dear Valeria, You must know what I am by now. If you still would like to meet, I have listed directions to my favorite tree, a White Pine near the back of the school. It's a peaceful and secluded area, where I hope we can talk during lunch. I hope to see you there,

You must know what I am by now. If you still would like to meet, I have listed directions to my favorite tree, a White Pine near the back of the school. It's a peaceful and secluded area, where I hope we can talk during lunch. I hope to see you there, Erin."

Erin." Valeria followed the directions to the field at the back of the school, a little oasis embedded within the massive buildings nearby. She held the letter up, checking for directions until she found the solitary white pine behind the school's cylindrical track. The track was deserted, but she could still hear cars honking and police sirens, as the tree and the field surrounding it marked where the school grounds ended and the city began.

Sure enough, she found Erin sitting cross legged beneath the tree with her eyes closed. She wore a simple white shirt and jeans, her bushy brown hair tied back in a ponytail. She opened her eyes and smiled as Valeria approached.

"Hey, Valeria."

"Hey."

"I'm really glad you came. I've missed our phone chats the past few days -"

"Can we cut to the chase," Valeria said, trying to act disinterested. "Don't act like nothing happened."

Sighing, Erin pointed to a spot in front of her. "Okay - sit down. We have a lot to discuss."

Valeria sat cross-legged in front of her. "First, I just wanted to say –"

"You're welcome," Erin interrupted. "And I just wanted to say, I seriously thought about turning you in. All of you."

Valeria exhaled, her insides writhing. So Erin had thought about betraying their friendship. While it was nice she was being honest, the sting of a potential betrayal still felt like a knife in the back. "Then why didn't you?"



"It's complicated."

Valeria shook her head. "Well try and simplify it for me."

"You have to understand," Erin pleaded, "Ever since the Tyrells adopted me, they warned me about Rogues. They warned me how you're all greedy, malicious, and evil. It's all I ever knew about your kind."

"Maybe I am all of those things."

Leaning forward, Erin said, "You're not any of those things. I know because I felt it. In fact, I sensed something completely unique about you. You're special , Valeria."

special Valeria's eyes narrowed. She was getting tired of people calling her special , and not explaining what that meant. Why would people say that anyway? "Oh, I'm special?" she said, her tone sarcastic. "Either that's a joke, or you think you know me now, huh ?"

special huh "That's just it!" Erin protested. "I don't know you, but I want to! How did someone as good as you, end up with them ?"

don't want good them "I'm not good at all -"

"Stop that," Erin interrupted. "Stop saying that. I have always been able to detect evil, and I didn't see any in you. I know you had a chance to avenge your parents, but you chose not to. What happened to your parents?"

saying chose Valeria's eyes widened and her mouth went dry. She had no idea how Erin knew about her parents, and this aroused fear and suspicion. In that moment, she set her feelings for Erin aside and realized there was so much she still didn't know about her.

and "I don't want to talk about that with you, Erin." Valeria didn't want to think about it either, but it was too late. Her body trembled and tears formed around her eyes. While Jada had ordered her to use her trauma to win Erin's sympathy, just thinking about it disgusted her; there had to be another way.

"Where were you before you came to New York?" Erin pressed. "What happened to you as a child? What's your real last name? Why do you want to hide from the world–"

"You don't want to know those answers, Erin!" Valeria snapped, hands trembling. "Even if you did care, what gives you the right to pry into my life? People like you do not want to know about people like me!"

my "But I do!" Erin countered. "I want to understand –"

"You want to understand ?" Valeria asked, her voice trembling. She tried to stop herself, but the word vomit erupted like a volcano. "You want to understand how I watched gang members butcher my parents as a child? How I had to starve and struggle on the streets, both in Central America and here in the United States? You don't want to hear those things, Erin. You will never understand where I come from, so don't even try."

understand Erin's face contorted, and she looked like she was on the brink of tears. "Okay. What can you tell me?"

Valeria took a deep breath, trying to think of a way to salvage the situation. Part of her didn't want to trust Erin at all; she was weird, judgemental, and just too nice. They were enemies - but Erin refused to act like one, and it made her nervous. After a brief pause, she found a rational response. "I can tell you I've had a difficult life. But just when things looked bleak, Frank and Jada rescued me. They took me in, believed in me, and gave me something to strive for. They gave my life meaning. Do you understand?"

too Erin nodded. "I do. While I can't possibly imagine what you've been through, I do know what it's like to feel lost, like you don't belong in the world. And like you, I was alone until the Tyrells adopted me, believed in me, and gave me something to strive for. Do you understand?"

you "I do. So where do we go from here?"

"There's a second reason I didn't turn you in."

Valeria rolled her eyes. "How many reasons are there?"



"Three."

"Alright. Get on with the second."

"The Tyrells adopted me for a reason." Erin closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and said, "They protect me because I'm the Chosen Savior."

"Savior?!" Valeria asked with disbelief. "Chosen? What does that mean?"

"It means darkness is coming," Erin said, eyeing their surroundings with suspicion, "and I'm the only one who can stop it."

"Uh huh. Sure," Valeria replied with disbelief. "What kind of darkness are we talking about here? Like...end of the world? Angels and demons –"

"Not that biblical nonsense," Erin interrupted. "Our faction has a prophecy about the end times, and it's different. The one part everyone in my faction remembers is: the shadow will divide the world in half and ruin the civilizations of man."

shadow Valeria raised an eyebrow. "Divide the world in half? Isn't that what Thanos did in the Avengers movie?"

Frowning, Erin said, "Those movies are stupid. We don't think the prophecy literally means someone will kill half the population. It means someone will become powerful enough to start a massive war, one that will divide the world into two sides like the Dark War. "

Dark War. "The Dark War?" Valeria asked. Her mind drifted back to the nightmare she had two nights ago. "What is this... Dark War ?"

Dark War "Its ancient history," Erin said. "As the Chosen Savior, supposedly I can prevent this from happening if I can stop the shadow."

"The shadow ?" Valeria asked with sudden interest. "Who or what is that?"

shadow "I'm not entirely sure. But I feel like a shadow has been stalking me. I think I saw it at your house."

Valeria's eyes went wide, remembering the creepy Rogue in their backyard. Could he be the one she was talking about? "I think your shadow might be a Rogue. Maybe a bad one."

"Well," Erin said, trying to sound confident, "it's up to me to stop them."

"Up to you, huh? How do you even know you're some kind of Savior?"

Erin sighed. "I just do. Just like how I know a Rogue is destined to help me infiltrate their Headquarters. Of course that Rogue is you ."

you "What?!" Valeria protested.

"You heard me," Erin said, her hazel eyes focused on her. "I can save the world if I collect all five ancient artifacts passed down by each Faction. I already have the Celestial Artifact. You will help me acquire the Rogue one. It's your destiny."

Valeria scoffed, resisting the urge to laugh in her face. "Screw destiny. What if I say no?!"

"Then I will turn you into the authorities."

Valeria leaned forward, trying her best act menacing. "And what if I decide to kill you, here and now?"

kill Erin leaned forward, clearly not intimidated. "Go right ahead. No one's stopping you."

They locked eyes a few moments before Valeria finally backed down. "Even if I agreed to help, I have no idea how to get in the vault."

Erin's eyes flashed with excitement. "You really know where the artifact is, don't you? I can't believe it! I made some of that destiny stuff up. I wasn't really sure if you were the one to take me there."

Wincing, Valeria cursed her stupidity. She was bluffing, and I fell for it. "The one to take you there?" she asked. "How did you know a Rogue would help you? How do you even know about our artifact?"

She was bluffing, and I fell for it. "I already told you," Erin groaned, "The five artifacts are linked, and only a Rogue would be able to show me the way inside their Headquarters... obviously ."

obviously "What are the artifacts?" Valeria asked. "What do they do?"

are Erin took a deep breath. "Those are complicated questions. All I know is they're supposed to reveal one's destiny."

"Destiny? So they do what? Show you the future?"

"The artifact I have showed me inside your headquarters with a Rogue. Now I know that Rogue is you! They really do work!"

"How do I know this isn't a trick," Valeria countered, "some way for your faction to find and destroy ours?"

Sighing, Erin said, "If it makes you feel better, I'll go blindfolded until we reach your vault. As an incentive to stay true to your word, I'll leave a letter detailing your identity at my house. If anything should happen to me, my parents will surely find it." She offered her hand. "Do we have a deal then? I will keep your identity secret, if you agree to lead me to the Rogue Artifact."

Valeria looked at her hand and refused to shake. "One more condition: I will lead you to the Rogue artifact, and I'll let you use it. But I should hold onto it - it belongs to my faction."

Erin grinned and offered her hand. "Fair enough. Shake on it?"

Valeria paused, unsure if she was making the right move. She had gained Erin's trust, but at what cost? Telling Jada about their agreement would reveal her discovery of their faction's best kept secret. Would Jada punish her for finding the vault by herself? She would want to know how Valeria found the vault, and she had no idea how to answer that question.

how But those weren't the only things on her mind. She was distracted by Erin's hair, lips, and most of all, her eyes. They pierced through her in a way that few others had. Valeria couldn't explain why she felt the way she did, but it didn't matter.

She wanted to hold her hand, and that's all that mattered.

that's "You know what this means?" Erin said, shaking her hand. Her lips pulled back into a smile as she said, "It means we're starting an adventure together as a team, like the Fellowship of the Ring."

Valeria scoffed as she released her hand. "Now unlike the Marvel movies, those movies are dumb."

those "Pfft – yeah right," Erin replied with mock protest. "How many Academy Awards have Marvel movies won compared to the Ring trilogy?"

Valeria shrugged.

"Yeah," Erin said with a laugh. "Point made."

"Hey! You said you didn't turn me in for three reasons? What's the third?"

"The third? I only said two," Erin said, standing up.

"Nuh uh!" Valeria exclaimed as she stood. "You said three!"

Erin laughed as she walked away. "Nope. You misheard me."

Valeria continued to mock protest as Erin led the way back to the school. She was completely engrossed in her conversation with Erin, and completely missed the figure silently watching them from the shadows of a nearby alleyway.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 23: Self Defense


Valeria found it difficult to focus during her afternoon classes. Erin's words kept repeating in the back of her mind, and she tried to separate truth from bullshit. The end of the world was coming, and only she - a savior and self proclaimed chosen one - could stop it. But she needed help. And while she had claimed they were on the same team, Valeria was still skeptical.

Every time she looked Erin's way during class, the girl had a stupid grin across her face. Valeria would let her eyes linger for a moment, as Erin's smile brought out the dimples in her cheeks and the sparkle in her eyes. But just when it felt like she might lose herself in that smile, Valeria forced herself back to reality.

Jada specifically directed her to report any information she learned about Erin. But Valeria knew she couldn't reveal everything the two discussed. If Jada asked how she knew about the Rogue Vault, Valeria didn't have a good answer for that question. She didn't know why she could hear the artifact inside the vault, and why it seemed to call out to her, incessantly calling her Anna. It appeared Frank and Jada couldn't hear it - she could, and it was driving her mad. She wanted to know if it was calling out to her, or someone else?

She would have to leave out their discussion about the vault or the artifact. It wasn't lying, but simply an omission, and would tell Jada that Erin is some sort of Celestial Savior. She would say their deal involved helping Erin learn more about her past. She hoped this strategy would keep her knowledge of the vault a secret, and would allow her to learn more about Erin's claims. She needed to know if that girl was legit or full of shit .

legit shit When the school day ended, Erin followed her as they exited class. Clutching her books against her chest, she said, "So, should we continue where we left off? Want to start scheming back at my tree?"

Valeria shook her head. "I promised Sai we would hang out after class."

"Oh," Erin said, her enthusiasm gone. "Maybe tomorrow then?"

"Sure."

Erin turned away for a moment, but then rounded back on her. "You like Sai? Don't you?"

"Yeah," Valeria said, shrugging her shoulders. "I guess I like him. I like you too. You two are my favorite people in this dump."

"Really?" Erin replied, her cheeks flushing bright red. "Even after I threatened you?"

threatened Laughing, Valeria said, "Nah. That didn't make me mad. I was kind of impressed, actually."

"That's not surprising," Erin said, leaning closer. Her face was inches away as she whispered, "Because I'm frickin' impressive - and don't you forget it. See you tomorrow."

Valeria watched her run off and felt the odd mixture of emotions again. It was true; Erin's bravado had invoked admiration, and maybe something more. She tried to shrug the feeling off as she exited the school and found Sai waiting by the bike rack, looking as handsome as ever.

"Hey V," Sai said, unlocking his bike. "So where do you –"

"We're going bowling," she interrupted while unlocking her own.

"Uh... again ? You really like bowling, don't you?"

again Valeria nodded as she mounted her bike. She had a lot on her mind, and bowling would help clear her head. She was worried about her agreement with Erin under the white pine, but that wasn't the only problem. She couldn't explain why, but she felt the same way about Erin as she did about Sai. Questions swirled around in the back of her mind, most of them unanswerable. But she hoped going out with Sai would answer at least one of them - the one that mattered anyway . "Yeah. Come on, let's go."

mattered .

"Guess there's no changing your mind," Sai said, mounting his bike. "Maybe doing something else?"

Valeria shook her head as she pedaled off.

"Just checking," he muttered, pedaling after her.

A half hour later, Valeria sat at the bowling terminal and made sure to text Frank where she was this time. " Bowling with Sai," she texted.

Bowling with Sai," To her surprise, Frank texted back affirmatively. Okay. Everything alright?

Okay. Everything alright? "Yeah, " she texted back.

"Yeah, "Okay," Frank texted back once more . I'm still at work. Dinner is at six. Have fun."

"Okay," . I'm still at work. Dinner is at six. Have fun." Valeria smirked at the phone. She already knew which parental figure was the weakest link, and she would exploit that advantage every chance she could.

"Everything alright?" Sai asked.

"Yeah. Just texted my host-dad where we are. He didn't seem mad, but said I need to be home by six."

Sai checked his watch. "That gives us over an hour. Plenty of time for you to kick my ass."

Laughing, Valeria said, "You've already given up before the game has started. You'll never win with that attitude."

Sai sat next to her. "Oh yeah? And what kind of attitude should I have?"

Valeria turned toward him. "Losers play it safe. Winners play like there's no tomorrow."

"Is that how you play?" Sai asked, breaking eye contact for a moment. Sighing, he said, "I wish I could play that way."

Valeria studied his posture. His shoulders slouched forward, his head hung low. She could tell he was nervous, and didn't expect anything to happen. Other girls must have ignored him or wrecked his confidence. And while it might have been a turn off to some; she found it irresistible.

Pulling him closer, she lifted his chin so their eyes met. He looked surprised, but she tried to calm him down with her free hand caressing his face. "Maybe you just need the right person to play with." She was being overly forward, but didn't really care. She wanted a simple answer to a complicated question.

Sai? Or Erin?

Sai? Or Erin? Valeria waited for Sai to make his move, patiently caressing his face. She used this time to process her feelings, as she always felt like she had a connection with him since they first met. And yet, he wasn't the only one who made her feel this way. She didn't get to process these thoughts for too long, as Sai finally brought his free hand up to her cheek, leaned toward her, and closed his eyes before she closed hers.

"No way! Apu has a girlfriend!"

Valeria opened her eyes and noticed a familiar group of boys congregating next to them. She recognized the overweight white boy who mocked her ethnicity on the first day of school. The other was Wormer, the blonde who was obsessed with harassing her.

"It makes sense," the overweight boy said with a snarl. "Two illegal immigrants hooking up."

"Shut up, Jerry," Sai said, his tone surprisingly confident and defiant. "I was born in this country, like your dumb ass!"

Two of the boys grabbed Sai and he tried to resist. Valeria attempted to stand and defend him, but Wormer grabbed her shoulder and forced her to sit next to him. She was about to use a Judo throw when he pointed at Sai.

"Now," Wormer said, his tone condescending, "if you don't sit here and behave, my friends will have to hurt your friend."

Looking over at Sai, she exhaled. "Fine. I'll sit here if you let him go."

if

"Leave her alone, Devon!" Sai yelled. One of the other boys covered his mouth before he could protest further.

"Take him outside," Devon said before turning to her. "Don't worry about your girl, I'll take good care of her."

Sai struggled to break free, but was clearly overpowered by the gang of boys as they dragged him outside. She could still see him through the glass doors, and it didn't look like they planned to let him go.

Fists clenched, she turned toward Devon. "You promised to let him go if I sat here!"

Laughing, he looked her up and down. "Don't worry, mamacita, they will let him go...once they're finished with him. Now it's time for some you and me time."

"This is your last chance," she said, eyes narrowing, "I'm warning you – you're messing with the wrong girl."

Devon laughed as he leaned closer. "I think you're the right girl, if you know what I mean..." He was interrupted by a small explosion and recoiled backward. Screaming, he stood and tried to pat down his pants, which had caught fire.

Valeria reached in her pocket for another smoke bomb, but found this instinct unnecessary. Her victim had dropped to the floor and started rolling around to put out the fire. While it wasn't necessary, she kicked him in the face for good measure.

The gang of boys were still taunting Sai outside in the parking lot. She was about to rush out there and defend him, but stopped when her foot collided with her bookbag. A familiar sense of vertigo overwhelmed her senses, and she couldn't resist the urge to kneel beside the bag and open it.

The room was enveloped in silence; the only sound was her heart beating within her chest. Everything had slowed all around her, and when she opened the bag, she heard a familiar voice whispering her name. Hands trembling, she reached in the bag and removed the object calling out to her: the Aegis. When she held the armor, a flash of light temporarily blinded her. Images flashed before her eyes; the first was herself standing outside the bowling alley, defending Sai from his attackers.

In the first set of images, she went outside in normal clothes. She defended Sai, but was hit by a speeding car afterward. Her body lay in a crumpled bloody heap on the street, her eyes closed.

Terrified, she didn't get a chance to say anything as the second version of the same events played again. This time, she was outside in the Aegis. She was hit by the same speeding car, but unlike the previous vision, she walked away from this encounter unscathed.

The third and last scene depicted her sneaking out of the bowling alley, leaving Sai to his fate. The boys outside ganged up on him and beat him within an inch of his life. She trembled upon hearing his muffled screams as everything faded to white.

" Choose ."

Choose Valeria's eyes flew open. She released the Aegis and backed away from it, her heart still pounding within her chest. She looked around the bowling alley, and everything appeared normal. She looked down at the Aegis in her bag, trying to process what just happened. Had she seen... the future ? She knew this suit was special, but discovering it had this type of power was amazing and terrifying.

the future and Sai was still out there, and he needed her help. She knew the suit was supposed to only be used for emergencies. She hadn't considered this fiasco an emergency before the visions, as she should be able to take down six regular teenagers with her limited Rogue training. But now she didn't want to go outside at all; she'd rather not get hit by a car today. But it wasn't just her life on the line.

She closed her eyes and took a slow, deep breath. Abandoning Sai was not an option.

not Opening her eyes, Valeria grabbed her book-bag and ran over to the girl's bathroom. It took a moment to equip the Aegis' leather jacket, pants, ninja shoes, and gloves. Wearing the suit brought about another bout of vertigo, much like the first time she put it on. She looked up at the bathroom mirror, and could have sworn the reflection changed. Almost like it... winked at her.

winked

She shook the feeling off and rushed outside. Sai was sprawled across the ground, the group of boys kicking him repeatedly. She felt guilty leaving him to equip the armor, and wondered if trusting the visions was a mistake. Surely she could have saved him before the gang of boys escalated their abuse.

"Leave him alone! Now!" she yelled.

The group of boys all looked up with surprise. "Whoa, I didn't realize it was Halloween!" one yelled. "Yeah, who are you supposed to be? Catwoman?" another taunted. One of the boys approached her and said, "You should just go back inside girlie –"

Valeria used a judo throw as he approached and easily threw him to the ground.

"Whoa!" they all howled. "That girl just owned you Charlie!"

Ignoring them, she walked over to Sai and checked on him. The boys circled around her like a pack of wolves, but she didn't care. She needed to make sure he was okay. She wanted to apologize for abandoning him.

"V..." Sai said through labored breaths, "forget about me. Get...out of here..."

There was no way that was happening. Pulling the Aegis' hood over her head, she had already made her choice, and nothing - not a group of boys, a piece of armor, or a speeding car - would change her mind. She would stand her ground - and that was it.

She focused her anger, assumed a defensive stance, and waited patiently for the first strike. When it came, she threw her opponent easily. It all happened incredibly fast, but she had been trained well.

She threw a smoke bomb at her feet and dove to the side while they were all disoriented. She grabbed the closest boy and threw him to the ground, subduing him with one of Hami's pressure point techniques. Another tried to punch her, but Valeria felt no impact. Two more tried to tackle her, but she threw another smoke bomb and vanished in the aftermath. Two jujitsu throws later, they joined their friend on the ground.

With three of their friends rolling around on the ground, the remaining three boys backed away from her with terrified expressions. They helped their friends up and scrambled away like dogs with their tails tucked between their legs. With the coast clear, she helped Sai stand.

"Holy crap!" he said through labored breaths. "That was awesome."

Valeria checked his bruised face and noticed he had a busted lip. "That looks like it hurts. Are you alright?"

Smiling, he said, "I am now...thanks to you. I like your outfit..."

Valeria placed his arm over her shoulder for support. "You're not embarrassed? Being saved by a girl?"

Sai clutched his side as he laughed again. Hobbling along with her support, he said, "Baby...you can save me...anytime you want."

Valeria couldn't help but laugh. His face was so close to her own, and she was tempted to finish what they started. But a sudden thought stopped her. Wait a minute . Wasn't there supposed to be a -

Wait a minute Wasn't there supposed to be a - She heard a screech of tires behind them, and with only a split second to react, she pushed Sai away from her. She braced for impact as the car hit her, and she rolled along the windshield, over the top of the car, and landed with both arms outstretched on the pavement.

Something from her right shoulder popped as she landed. She rolled around on the concrete, screaming and clutching it with her good hand.

"Oh my God!" Sai yelled, crouching beside her. "Valeria! Are you okay!"

Valeria watched the red car zoom off, tires squealing as it exited the parking lot. She assumed the driver would speed away from the scene of the crime, but they didn't. The car came to a stop outside the parking lot, within their line of sight. The driver's door opened, but she looked away as a fresh wave of pain emanated from her injured shoulder. "What the hell are you doing?!" she asked.



"Checking your shoulder," Sai replied, refusing to let go. "I think it's dislocated."

"You think?!" Valeria howled. Biting her lip, she focused on leaning back and observing the driver. Her teeth clenched as she recognized the woman standing there, her arms crossed and a wicked smile. It's that Assassin - Brigitte .

It's that Assassin Brigitte She was dressed in civilian clothes, but Valeria recognized her smug expression and crooked nose. She stood there, tapping her foot like she was waiting for something.

Eyes narrowed, Valeria wondered what the hell she was doing here. Why would she hit her with a car? She knew the assassins were pissed she didn't pick them, but this seemed extreme. After all, she barely knew that stupid b - argghhh! Her shoulder was on fire. "Saiiii..." she protested through labored breaths, "Do you have any idea what you're doing?!"

argghhh! any you're Sai looked down at her, concern across his face. "Umm, a little bit. I dislocated my shoulder once, and my Dad popped it back in."

"Can you...do it a little faster!"

"Maybe I should call for help..."

"No, Sai," Valeria said, noticing Brigitte waiting for them across the street. "You can do it. What... helps calm you down... and focus?"

"Music," he replied without hesitation.

"Then sing something," she yelled, "and just do it!"

do Nodding, he grabbed her arm and shoulder. He started singing a song with unfamiliar words, and she was amazed how this tune not only calmed him down - but her as well. A familiar sense of warmth emanated from his fingertips, and her shoulder was overwhelmed with an itching sensation. Where had she felt that before?

Her shoulder popped back into place, but oddly enough, the motion didn't cause any pain. Flexing her arm, she found her strength had returned. She looked around for Brigitte, who stood by her car. Smiling, she pulled out a handheld book and started writing in it. What the hell is she doing? Valeria pushed herself off the concrete and wanted to interrogate her, but it was too late.

handheld book writing What the hell is she doing? Tires squealed as the car took off.

Valeria stood, her eyes widening. She hit her with a car, waited, and just took off? None of it made sense. That bitch must be crazy.

That bitch must be crazy. "V? I'm not really sure what just happened."

Turning to Sai, she gasped upon noticing his face. His bruises were gone, and his busted lip had disappeared.

"What?" he asked.

"Your face!" Valeria exclaimed, grabbing his chin and studying it. Was it a miracle? Maybe she had a concussion; nothing made sense today.

"I know I know," he said, looking away. "They busted me up pretty good."

"No," Valeria said, unable to contain her surprise. "You're completely healed! You healed me too! Are you telling me, you have no idea what you just did?!"

"Umm...should I?"

"You're a healer, Sai. Just like," she said, trailing off with a sudden realization. He must be a Celestial like Erin. Would he become her enemy if he found out she was a Rogue? Would she need to strike a deal with him, like she did with Erin?

"Just like who?" Sai asked. "You're not making any sense. None of this makes sense."

"Have you ever... healed anyone before?" Valeria asked, eyes narrowing.

healed "Healed?" he asked, shrugging his shoulders. "You mean - have I ever fixed a dislocated shoulder before? Nope, this was my first one."

Valeria studied his eyes carefully as she asked her next question. "Have you ever joined a Faction?"

Bewildered, he asked, " Faction ? What the hell are you talking about?"

Faction hell Valeria found little to suggest he was lying. But that didn't make any sense either.

"Are you sure you're okay?" Sai asked, his voice reflecting concern, "I'm not sure if I relocated your shoulder correctly. I should take you to the hospital - just to be safe." When she pouted, his tone changed and a smirk crossed his lips. "But a badass like you probably doesn't need to go, do ya?"

Smiling, Valeria couldn't stop looking into his eyes. It didn't matter what he was. Valeria knew who he was; and that hadn't changed. "No, Sai. You did a great job, and I'll be fine. I think we'll both recover if we rest up."

what who "Whatever you say, boss. Thanks for saving me earlier."

"Thanks for heal–err...fixing my shoulder," Valeria said as they walked over to the bicycle rack. She unlocked it and turned toward him. "See you tomorrow at school."

"Hey, V?" he asked, back to his usual nervous tone.

"Yeah?"

"Back in the bowling alley, were you going to kiss me?"

"Maybe," she said, her lips pulling back into a wide grin. "Good night, Sai."

As she pedaled off, she heard him mutter, "Just checking."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 24: The Prophecy


"Brigitte did what ?!"

what Valeria crossed her arms as she sat at the kitchen table. Frank sat across from her, eyes bulging and teeth clenched. She had never seen him this angry before. And while she didn't need an overprotective guardian looking out for her, it still felt good. "I said – she hit me with a car. Luckily I was wearing this Aegis, or I'd probably be dead."

Leaning back in his chair, Frank massaged his chin. "Let me get this straight. You went to the bowling alley with Sai, where you were attacked by a group of boys. They beat up your boyfriend –"

"My friend," Valeria corrected.

"Uh huh. They beat up your friend , so you decided to put on your Aegis and beat them up..."

friend decided "I also used a smoke bomb to light a boy's pants on fire."

"Hmm, well okay," Frank said, his trademark grin resurfacing. He paused for a moment while massaging his temples, clearly trying to process his thoughts. "I'll admit I would have loved to see that. But you might have blown our cover again , using the Aegis in broad daylight. Why'd you need it? We taught you self defense...didn't we?"

But again Valeria was tempted to reply with the truth, but refrained. What would she tell him about the visions? She barely understood them herself. But that wasn't the only reason. She was hearing voices and seeing things now. One of the other girls at the detention center started off the same way, claiming she could hear aliens in the ceiling lights. That girl ended up in a straight jacket and never left the psych ward, and Valeria refused to share the same fate. "I was scared," she lied, "and those boys were huge. You said I could use it for an emergency, and I did."

and Frowning, Frank said, "If you say so. But wait, then Brigitte comes along and hits you with a car? Why the hell would she do that?"

Valeria threw her hands up. "How the hell should I know?!"

"Okay. Then what happened?"

"Well," she trailed off, trying to decide if she should tell the truth or not. Unlike Erin, Sai didn't seem to know he was a Celestial. Maybe that made him less dangerous. She already felt bad about her first lie, and decided she should tell the truth on this one. "When I got hit by the car, the Aegis absorbed most of the blow. But I still dislocated my shoulder, and that's when Sai came over and healed me."

healed " Healed you?!" Frank exclaimed, eyes widening. "Like... Celestial healed you?!"

Healed Celestial Valeria nodded.

"Un-freaking believable!" Frank exclaimed as he paced around the kitchen. "You somehow managed to befriend not one, but two Celestials? And got healed by both?! What are you? Some kind of Celestial magnet ?!"

two magnet Valeria threw up her hands again. "I don't know, okay! It's not like I wave a sign that says – Celestials come heal me! At least Sai doesn't know he's one of them."

Frank stopped and turned to her. " What ? All Celestials are recruited early on. He must have known."

What "He didn't," she said, shaking her head. "I read his eyes."

"Oh, okay," Frank said, rolling his eyes. "Well that makes me feel much better."

much "Hey, that crazy bitch tried to murder me. Are you just gonna let that fly?"

murder "No," he said, a scowl across his face. "But I can't make a move yet. If she acted on Dontrell's orders, I'll need proof." He removed his phone and started texting. "I will make sure the Thieves guild follows her every move from now on."

"Are you going to tell Jada?"

"No," Frank said, looking up from his phone. "She's got enough on her plate. Besides, she'll confront her brother about it. I don't want Dontrell to think I'm on to him."



"On to him," Valeria asked, raising an eyebrow, "on to him about what?"

"I didn't want to get you involved with this, but I guess I should now that you're involved with two Celestials. I think Dontrell wants to start a war with their kind. There have been a few... unsanctioned assassinations of Celestials recently, and it wouldn't surprise me if Brigitte was aiming for Sai , not you . "

two unsanctioned Sai you Valeria considered this for a moment. "What about you?" she asked. "Do you want war with them too? If you did, I'd understand your reason. They let your daughter die."

Groaning, he sat down in the chair across from her. "We don't know that for certain," he said, his voice raw. "We don't know all of the cures or powers their Faction possesses. I don't know if they could have cured my daughter's leukemia. All I do know is: I don't like their kind. I never have. But intolerance is never a good reason to wage war. Can you understand that?"

all never "I won't like them either," she said with a sigh, "if you want me to."

you "No, Valeria ," he said, eyes meeting hers, "it's not my job to tell you who to like and not like. Only you get to decide that. My job is to look after you, okay?"

Valeria you "Okay," she said, trying to not let her emotions show. He could have made things easier for himself, ordering her to stay away from Sai and Erin. Her previous foster father had kept her isolated from anyone he didn't like, claiming he was 'protecting' her. But Frank didn't see her as an object that needed protection. He treated her like a human being, one worthy of making some decisions on her own. "Well, I like both of them. Sai and Erin."

object and Exhaling, he said, "Well good for you. Oh wait - I almost forgot. How'd your meeting go with the other Celestial?"

good " Well ..."

Well "Oh boy," Frank groaned. "Here we go."

Valeria recounted part of the meeting with Erin. She talked about Erin's proclamation of being "The Chosen Savior." She made sure to leave out anything about the Rogue Artifact and the vault, saying their deal involved finding out as much as possible about, "The Prophecy."

"That's it?" he asked.

"Yeah. So is she just making all that prophecy stuff up?"

Frank shook his head. "Nope. Well, at least that's what her faction believes. We know they follow Merlin's prophecies religiously."

Merlin's "Merlin?" Valeria asked with surprise. "You mean the Merlin? The wizard who knew King Arthur?"

the "Do you know any other Merlin?" Frank asked, his sarcasm laid thick.

"Let me get this straight. King Arthur was real, and Merlin was too?"

"King Arthur was a powerful Celestial. Remember that Mage faction I told you about when we first met? Merlin was the last and most powerful Mage from that faction."

Mage and Valeria shook her head with disbelief. "Wow. And his Faction – they're all gone?"

"Yeah, kiddo. No Harry Potters out there for you to meet."

"What about my Aegis?" she asked, pointing to her suit. "You guys said it's magical or something?"

"It's enchanted, yes. Most Aegis' nowadays are enchanted through Alchemy; a Pirate skill. Yours is special though. We spared no expense, and made sure to get you an Aegis trimmed with Aether."

"What does that mean?"

"Aether simply means any material enchanted by a Mage. Since their faction went extinct almost a millennia ago, you might understand how Aether is a rare and valuable substance."



"So wait," Valeria said, putting the pieces together, "A Mage enchanted parts of my suit?"

my "Not just any Mage, kiddo," Frank said with a grin. "If what Jada told me is true, yours is trimmed with Maerlynian Aether. That means Merlin himself enchanted parts of your suit. If I had to guess, you have the most durable Aegis in the entire faction."

"That must have cost you guys a fortune!"

"Meh," Frank said, shrugging his shoulders. "You're worth it most of the time."

most Valeria looked down at her suit with newfound respect. Some ancient wizard had enchanted it, passing some of his power on to her . She wondered what he would have thought, knowing some immigrant girl in the future would inherit it someday. Would he find her worthy of using his power? Was she a part of his prophecy, and destined to wear this suit?

her his destined "About that prophecy stuff," she said, her voice quivering, "Erin wasn't making that up? How do you know Merlin came up with it?"

"All of the Factions respected Merlin," Frank began, "and all of them teach their proteges about the Dark War, including ours. But I'll save the history lesson for another day. The important thing is - he predicted a great war in the future, one that would divide the world in half and ruin the civilizations of mankind."

all "That's exactly what Erin said. So how do they know she's the Chosen One?"

Frank shrugged his shoulders. "They think the Chosen One is some kind of Savior – supposedly a descendant of King Arthur. They must have traced her ancestry."

"Wow," Valeria said, her surprise genuine. She already found Erin impressive, but this just put her over the top. When Frank raised an eyebrow, she changed her tone to avoid suspicion. "I mean, I guess she's okay. I should have known a girl from school was descended from King Arthur."

Laughing, Frank said, "I didn't force you to enter my crazy world, kiddo. Sure beats the hell out of that detention center, huh?"

"Yeah."

"So she didn't ask you for anything else?" Frank asked, studying her again with that piercing paternal gaze, his eyes basically speaking for him. He knew she was hiding something.

"No," she said, breaking eye contact. "She just wanted info about the prophecy."

"Look me in the eye and tell me that."

She paused, taking a moment to concoct a lie, but didn't have to as the doorbell rang.

"Oh, I almost forgot," Frank said. "You have training with Xun tonight."

"What?!" Valeria protested. "I still have to train today?"

"Of course you do! Now go change out of that Aegis and meet us back down here."

Valeria groaned and did as she was told. When she came back downstairs, she found Xun waiting in their living room. Their lesson got off to a good start; Valeria was able to demonstrate at least some of the creeping skills Xun taught last week. Their comradery came to a halt when Xun started quizzing her about The Art of War again.

The Art of War With everything that happened over the weekend, she had barely finished half the book, and was only able to answer six out of ten questions correctly. Her cheeks burned after Xun slapped her across the face for the fourth time. "Do you have to keep hitting me?" she protested, cradling her cheek.

"The enemy won't go easy on you. Neither will I."

"You sound like Jada."

"Good," Xun, said her face erupting into a rare smile. "She's an admirable woman."



"So are you," Valeria said cautiously. "When you're not hitting me."

"Well," Xun said, packing up her things, "if you would just read that book, I wouldn't have to hit you. But if we're being honest, I'll say you're one of the stealthiest Thieves I've ever seen. I know you're still early on in your training, but I was thinking of asking you to join my Blitzflag team. I saw you watching us the other day, and I hope Frank explained the game?"

"Of course he did!" Valeria exclaimed. " You were playing Blitzflag at the Training Hall this weekend?"

You "Yeah."

"Do I know anyone else on your team?"

Xun laughed. "Of course you do. Penny is one of our Gunners. Hami and I are Stabbers."

"Three North American Masters are on one team?" Valeria asked. "Don't tell me Brigitte is on there too?"

"Oh hell no," Xun said, her face bunching into a frown. "I'd never let that twisted psycho on my team. You, on the other hand, might be the Runner I've been looking for."

"I'm probably not fast enough."

"It's not just about speed," Xun said, rolling her eyes. "It's about using your stealth to steal the enemy flag and creeping back without being detected. With some training you could be our missing piece."

Valeria considered this a moment, but figured she had way too many balls to juggle at the moment: School. Rogue Training. The end of the world. Didn't Jada want me to join the cheerleading squad too? Sighing, she said , "I'll get back to you."

School. Rogue Training. The end of the world. Didn't Jada want me to join the cheerleading squad too? , "I get it," Xun said. "Just figured I'd put the bug in your ear. If and when you're ready, you let me know, alright?"

"Okay. Bye, Xun." As she left, Valeria realized the young ninja could be overbearing and harsh at times, but overall, she enjoyed spending time with her as the two of them had much in common.

The next few days passed by in a blur. At school, she tried to balance school work, spending time with Sai and his friends, and meeting with Erin under the White Pine. She still harbored feelings for both of them, but decided against addressing those emotions for now. She already had enough on her plate.

Sai tried to talk to her privately at school, but every time it seemed like they might have a moment alone, one of their friends would pop up and engage them in conversation. He offered to meet her after school, but Valeria had declined, saying she had to catch up on school work. I couldn't tell him I have exhausting training sessions.

I couldn't tell him I have exhausting training sessions. She practiced more sailor knots and rappelling during Tuesday's session with Penny the Pirate, and disarmed traps on Wednesday with Hami the Bounty-Hunter. On Wednesday evening, with Frank's permission, she practiced her pickpocketing skills outside the Crazy Mare and visited Alejandra near the homeless camp. Talking and eating Salvadoran quesadilla with the young homeless girl helped clear her mind, much like bowling with Sai or sitting under the White Pine with Erin.

As she tried to sleep Wednesday night, Valeria wished she could focus on school, friends and Rogue training. But the past few nights had been restless ones, as she kept coming back to the Midas Vault, and the clues she would need to decipher for entry.

At their meeting, Valeria told Erin about the vault and the clues left outside it. They discussed the three different names and the years attached to them, but couldn't come up with any answers.

The Strange Vault 2011. The Vault of Wonders 1992. The Midas Vault 1872.

The Strange Vault 2011. The Vault of Wonders 1992. The Midas Vault 1872. "I'll research those names," Erin had said with an eager grin. "You try and work on the riddle for the numerical code."



In her personal calendar, Valeria had written down the riddle from the vault that night. Or at least what she could remember from it:

" Warning: You get one chance at the safe combination. A man inside will help you? Something about his number? Remember the vault's name? Respect as currency?"

Warning: You get one chance at the safe combination. A man inside will help you? Something about his number? Remember the vault's name? Respect as currency?" Valeria would read over her notes repeatedly before trying to sleep, trying her best to make sense of the riddle. But she always fell asleep without an answer. By the time Thursday morning rolled around, she had gotten somewhat used to this new daily routine. She went downstairs, expecting to have a bowl of cereal in the kitchen with Frank. To her surprise, Jada had returned, and she sat with Frank at the table, eating breakfast together.

"Morning, kiddo."

Valeria looked over at Jada, and placed her hands on her hips. "You're finally back, huh?" While her tone and body language were sarcastic, she really was happy to see her. Frank was doing his best, trying to be a good father figure and all, but it felt like something was missing. She wanted a mother figure too. And while Jada was the most intense woman she had ever met, she admired her like hell.

Jada met her eyes as she finished a scoop of cereal. "I had a lot of Sovereign work to attend to."

Valeria poured herself some cereal and sat down. "Oh yeah? Like what?"

"Like preventing a war," she replied, her gaze intense. "I think it's time you learned more about what's going on. Rogues and Celestials have been murdered or found missing over the past few weeks. The evidence points to intolerant groups within both factions - groups who want to push us toward an all out war."

Valeria stared at her wide eyed. "So it's like what Merlin said? This is the war that splits the world or whatever?"

Frowning, Jada said, "We don't really know how accurate his prophecies are. For all we know, they could be nothing but the ramblings of a senile old wizard."

"What if it's true?" Valeria countered. "What if the world is ending, and Erin is the only one who can stop it?"

"Frank told me about your discussion. Even if this so-called prophecy is true," Jada said, her tone sarcastic, "you don't know if she's really their Savior, Chosen One, or whatever they call it."

"Who else could it be?

Frank and Jada exchanged a quick side glance before looking back at her. "No one knows for sure," Jada said. "It all might be bullshit. But that's not important right now. I want you to understand these are dangerous times, and you need to be careful around your Celestial friends. Both of them."

Both Valeria shook her head. She wasn't worried about Erin or Sai. "What about certain dangerous people from our faction? How about being careful around some of them ?"

our them When Jada didn't respond, Frank answered. "She's worried your brother or his Assassins might hurt her friends."

"Look," Jada protested, "My brother is a killer, but he's not a monster. Every person he's killed has gotten what they deserved. He would never harm innocent people, especially children, okay?"

especially Frank nodded. "That's what I said. I told her your brother, and all the Assassins under his command, would never harm a child." Winking at her, he added, "Right, Valeria?"

It took her a moment to process his response. She remembered their discussion, where Frank asked her to keep Brigitte's attack a secret. He planned to spy on her and Dontrell, and that meant leaving Jada in the dark, for now. "Yeah, I guess you're right."

"Speaking of which," Frank said, a subtle grin across his face, "Dontrell had urgent matters back at the Assassin guild in Moscow. That means you're training with Brigitte tonight."

Valeria's eyes went wide. There was no way he could be serious.

"I know she's a little crazy," Jada said, "but Frank and I will be here. We'll make sure she doesn't take the training too far."

"We'll be watching you both," Frank said with a laugh. "I'm sure you two will have fun sparring together."

Smiling, Valeria felt her fear and anger dissipate. Revenge was a bitch, and so was she. Brigitte was about to find out she messed with the wrong girl.

"Make sure to come home after school," Jada said. "You'll train with Brigitte before dinner. We'll watch a movie afterward."

Valeria and Frank both looked at her with surprise.

"Oh yeah?" Frank asked. "Which one?"

"It's a surprise," Jada said with a smirk. "Go on girl, you'll be late for school."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 25: The Diary of a Mad Assassin Woman


Throughout the school day, Valeria had flashbacks of her encounter with Brigitte the Assassin. She had tried to run over Sai and her with a car, but instead of making a getaway, the woman had pulled around the corner and stood there, watching them with that smug look across her face. Was she trying to kill Sai? Me? Or was she up to something else entirely?

Was she trying to kill Sai? Me? Or was she up to something else entirely? Valeria tried to mask her concern when she met up with Erin. She had a lot on her mind, and told her they'd need to cancel their meeting under the White Pine today..

"Did you find out any more information about the Midas Vault?" Erin asked.

"No," Valeria had replied. That seemed less important then facing a woman who tried to murder her. After school, Sai, James, Roberta and Jon met up with her at the bicycle rack.

"Want to come with us to the video arcade?" James asked.

"I can't. I have tutoring all afternoon." She felt bad lying to them, but she didn't know any alternative. Mounting her bike, she planned to ride off before they could protest. But Sai pedaled up beside her before she could leave.

"Can I ride with you?"

Valeria wanted to say no, but stopped herself. Sai was with her that day, and maybe he could help implicate Brigitte. She had promised to keep the whole ordeal a secret from Jada, but the idea of just letting Brigitte go unpunished didn't sit right with her. "Alright."

They pedaled off together, weaving between pedestrians. It was a sunny day in the city, with cars bustling back and forth along every street corner. She tried to enjoy the cool autumn breeze as it caressed her long black hair, but felt distracted as Sai pulled up beside her.

"So," he stuttered, "I've got a weird question I've been meaning to ask you. I could have sworn my lip was busted at the bowling alley. But when I got home, my face looked completely normal."

Valeria focused on pedaling. "I guess I overacted. It didn't look that bad, and I'm glad it healed okay."

Sai kept pace with her. "That's just it. It healed by the time I got home. That doesn't make any sense! That whole day didn't make any sense, honestly. I still don't understand how you beat up those guys all by yourself. Or how you were hit by a car without being seriously injured."

"You wouldn't understand," Valeria mocked. "I've always known how to handle myself."

Sai swerved to avoid a parked car. "Okay," he said, catching up to her, "now I call BS. Even the toughest gangster would take some damage after getting hit by a speeding car."

some "I hurt my shoulder, didn't I?"

"It should have been worse than that. I think it had something to do with that suit you were wearing."

Valeria dismounted near the Pipino Residence. She stood by a stone wall, and when Sai pedaled over, she pushed him against it. "You can't tell anyone! Not your friends or your parents. Give me your word!"

Panicking, Sai asked, "Tell them what? I don't even know what I would say. Valeria is some kind of superhero?"

"Don't call me that!" She yelled, thrusting a finger at his face. "I'm not a hero!"

not "That's it, isn't it ?" Sai asked, a grin across his face. "You're a superhero. This is unbelievable! James would lose his shit it if I told him about this -"

isn't it Valeria's anger took over – and without thinking – she punched him in the face. He fell backward against the wall and clutched his nose, blood dribbling down his chin.

"What the hell , V?" he asked, his voice ripe with anger. "Are you freaking crazy?"

hell "Would a hero do that? Huh?!" Valeria yelled. There was more she wanted to say, but she stopped upon hearing someone clapping behind them. A weasel-like laugh followed, and she turned toward the person approaching them.



"Are the two lovebirds having a lover's quarrel?"

lovebirds Valeria clenched her fists as she recognized the woman with short blonde hair, a crooked nose, and lopsided grin. " You! "

You! "Yes," Brigitte replied, a coy smile across her face. "It's me . So nice to see you again... protégé ."

me protégé Clutching his nose, Sai stood beside Valeria. "We need to talk, V. This shit has gotten out of hand, okay? Like seriously , who goes around punching people for no freaking reason and - wait a minute," he said, noticing Brigitte, "you look familiar. So does that car."

seriously freaking The same red Ford Mustang - with its front end and windshield still busted - was parked in front of their house. Honestly? Valeria thought to herself. She didn't think of using a different car? With her fists clenched, she was tempted to throw a punch - but refrained. She had learned this lesson early at the detention center - no one will believe you're the victim if you swing first.

Honestly? She didn't think of using a different car? no one "You know this woman?" Sai asked.

"Yeah. She's the one who tried to run us over."

Sai took a step in front of Valeria and attempted to shield her. "V, go call for help! Now!"

While she appreciated the gesture - it was unnecessary. Valeria could defend herself better than Sai ever could. But it still felt good, knowing someone cared enough to put themselves in harm's way.

Brigitte removed a knife and waived it around with incredible dexterity. "You stupid boy. You have no idea what you're involved in -"

"That's enough, Brigitte ."

Brigitte Turning, Valeria noticed Frank standing behind them. You'd think she would be used to it by now, living with two powerful Rogues. And yet, he and Jada were still always able to pop up out of nowhere.

"Put that away," he said, his hand reaching for his dagger, "or I will end you, right here in the street."

end Brigitte released another high pitched laugh as she sheathed her blade. "As you wish, Pip-squeak . Come on now, I'm supposed to teach the girl a lesson today, am I not?"

Pip-squeak "After what she told me," Frank growled, "I'd love to teach you a lesson."

you "Oooh," Brigitte cooed. "So scary. Maybe you should call your wife out here to fight for you, since we know who wears the pants in your relationship."

"Don't tempt me," Frank said. "Follow me into the house, now ." He turned to Valeria. "Say goodbye to your friend."

now "I could have handled her," Valeria whispered, a frown across her face. "I don't need you to save me all the time."

Laughing, Frank pointed at Sai and said, "I was saving him , not you . You've never needed my help, and don't worry - you're on your own with her in there." Turning to Sai, he removed his knife and inspected it. "I've always liked you, Sai. I'd like to keep it that way. But if you say anything about this to your -"

him you anything " I will handle this," Valeria hissed through clenched teeth. "Go inside, now ."

I now Smiling, Frank sheathed his dagger and saluted her. "Yes, ma'am. See ya inside." Both he and Brigitte disappeared through the front door, leaving the two of them alone by the street.

"What the hell is going on?" Sai asked, his voice quivering.

hell "You wouldn't understand." Valeria took a deep breath, and walked up to him. She held his face in her hands and locked eyes with him. "Listen, Sai," she began, her tone sincere. "I'm sorry I hit you. I'm asking nicely now. Promise you won't say anything about me or my weird family. Okay?"



"Okay," he said, a smile across his face. "I promise."

With his face in her hands, she was tempted to kiss him. Even with a bloodied nose, she still found him attractive - maybe more so. And while it was tempting to indulge her lustful impulse, a different one took precedence. Revenge - no one hits her with a car and gets away with it. Leaning forward, she kissed his cheek and said, "Thank you." She released him and started for the door, but stopped when he addressed her again.

Revenge "Yeah?" she asked.

"I just gotta know. Are you really a superhero?"

really "No, Sai," she said, leaning against the door. "Good night."

As she closed the door, she heard him mutter, "Okay, just checking."

#

Valeria entered the house and found Brigitte, Jada, and Frank all conversing in the living room. Pacing back and forth with his fists clenched, Frank looked as agitated as ever. Jada, on the other hand, appeared calm with arms crossed against her chest.

"That's not what we agreed, Brigitte," she said, her tone pleasant. "Today's lesson was supposed to be disarming ."

disarming "She doesn't even have a blade yet, moron," Frank scolded.

"There's no need for insults," Jada said, eyebrows furrowed. " Apologize ."

Apologize "Sorry," Frank said before muttering, "I'm not sorry."

not Ignoring him, Brigitte walked over to Valeria. She removed a wooden knife from her pocket, dropped it on the floor, and walked away. "Pick up your weapon, protégé."

" Don't pick that up," Jada said. When Brigitte brought a hand to her face and yawned, she walked right up to her. "We are teaching disarming techniques today. You can teach her knife skills next week. Maybe you should write that down somewhere so you don't forget."

Don't Brigitte yawned with disinterest again. "Whatever you say, Sovereign ." She removed a handheld book and scribbled something down.

Sovereign Valeria's eyes narrowed. She had watched Brigitte write in the same book after hitting her with a car. Checking her pocket, an idea took hold - but she only had a brief moment to ponder it before Jada addressed her.

"Listen up, Valeria. Brigitte will attack me with a wooden knife. You will observe two things. First is how she attacks. After you've observed classic knife attacks, I will demonstrate techniques to both avoid and disarm an opponent. Understood?"

and Valeria watched Brigitte slash and stab at Jada with the wooden knife in slow motion before repeating them at full speed. One of the attacks was particularly vicious and caught Jada across the side of the face. She recoiled backward for a moment, but recovered and stood back at attention like nothing had happened.

Eyes bulging, Frank took a step toward Brigitte. "You twisted little –".

"Stop!" Jada exclaimed. "I'm fine. If you can't control your emotions, you will wait upstairs until we're done."

His face flushed beet red. "I can't believe you're just gonna –"

"Last I checked," Jada interrupted. "I was Sovereign, so I will do what I like. Leave us. Now!"

Frank exhaled, his shoulders slouching forward with defeat. "Fine, I'll be upstairs. Holler if you need me."

"Bye bye, Pip-Squeak," Brigitte taunted.

While he stormed up the stairs, Valeria turned toward Jada. She was surprised that Brigitte got the upper hand against her. Jada was supposed to be the most powerful Rogue - whatever that meant. But when their eyes met, Jada winked at her and it suddenly made sense.



She was hustling Brigitte.

hustling Valeria had seen enough hustlers in her day. Whether it was basketball, pool, or gambling - she understood the game being played. She watched Jada crack her knuckles and neck before standing at attention. Brigitte didn't appear to notice, she was too busy taunting Frank as he went up the stairs.

"Shut up, Brigitte," Jada snapped. "I'm ready this time. Come at me full speed."

Smiling, Brigitte waved the wooden blade around with incredible speed. "You're sure you want me at full speed, Sovereign ?"

Sovereign "Did I stutter?" Jada barked. "I said come at me!"

Valeria watched the encounter with intense interest. Through her eyes, time slowed as the two of them danced around each other.

Brigitte swung the blade in a horizontal arc, but Jada stepped back and dodged it with relative ease. She tried a variety of different vertical and horizontal swipes, but Jada eluded each one. Growing frustrated, she lunged at her with a violent horizontal strike, but Jada caught her arm with one hand, and elbowed her in the face with the other. The blow caught Brigitte off guard, and she fell backward while dropping the knife.

Jada kicked the knife upward as it fell, catching it with her dominant hand. She pointed it downward at Brigitte, who lay on the floor covering her face.

"Holy crap!" Valeria exclaimed. "That was –"

"Shut up, girl," Jada interrupted. "I hope you studied what I did."

"Yes, Ma'am. I mean - yes, Sovereign ."

Sovereign Scowling, Brigitte stood and said, "You got lucky you –"

"You will not disrespect me in front of my protégé, or while in my house. Now," Jada said, cracking her knuckles, "I hope we can recreate that move in slow motion, unless I bruised your pride as much as your face."

Brigitte bit her lip. "Yes, Sovereign."

Watching Brigitte get her ass kicked made Valeria's day. She couldn't resist the urge to laugh, and a short chuckle escaped her lips.

"Something funny, protégé ?" Jada asked, eyes narrowed.

protégé "No, Sovereign."

"Good. Now pay attention."

Brigitte and Jada recreated different disarming techniques in slow motion. Valeria tried recreating the moves in tandem with Jada, and she marveled at the woman's strength and endurance for her age.

Twenty minutes later, Valeria was able to do some of the moves. It was easier since Brigitte only used slow attacks. As they practiced, Valeria should have focused on her technique and form, but didn't; her focus was somewhere else. She closed her eyes and heard Frank's instructions from the past.

Narratives: give people a story they want to hear, and you can both misdirect, and direct them in any way you see fit.

Narratives: give people a story they want to hear, and you can both misdirect, and direct them in any way you see fit. Valeria opened her eyes, and waited. It was time to apply what she had learned.

"You ready for full speed, protégé?" Jada asked.

"Yes, Sovereign."

"Very well. Proceed."

Brigitte stayed away at first, twirling the wooden blade in an amazing display of dexterity. Valeria anticipated her first strike, but still wasn't fast enough. Her shoulder burned as the wooden blade made contact twice. "Oww!" she cried out. "That hurt!"

Brigitte released a shrill laugh. "Oh, I'm sorry? Did I break your delicate package?"

"Stop stalling!" Jada commanded. "Again!"



Valeria bit her lip, waiting for Brigitte's next strike. Again, she failed to stop her in time as the wooden blade slapped against her chest and thigh. She let out a painful cry as she massaged her thigh. The blows really hurt, but that wouldn't stop her.

"Does the little Latin princess want some more ?"

more "One more time!" Jada ordered. "Don't disappoint me, protégé."

Valeria finished massaging her bruised thigh. Everything was ready - she was ready.

she Brigitte lunged at her, and Valeria failed to stop her a third time. The blade connected with her shoulder and thigh again, sending shockwaves of pain throughout her body. A searing pain erupted from her cheek when Brigitte finished her combo with a slap across the face. The blows were brutal, and she nearly passed out, dropping to one knee. Brigitte's laughter echoed all around her, and her rage boiled to the surface.

"This girl is supposed to be the best protégé in years," Brigitte said, her tone sarcastic. "What a disappointm-"

Valeria lunged at her like a wild animal. Tackling Brigitte, she clawed and swiped at her with blind rage. "I hate you! I hate you!" she screamed while holding the woman's jacket.

Brigitte recovered and elbowed her in the face. Disoriented, Valeria rolled onto her back and howled with pain as Brigitte started kicking her torso. "You stupid, weak girl! How dare you low-blow me!"

dare "That's enough!" Jada yelled, restraining Brigitte. "That's enough for today. Brigitte, go back to Coterel."

Brigitte spat on Valeria, and turned to Jada. "Some teacher you are. Have fun with your weak protégé." She stormed off, leaving the two of them alone.

Jada crouched next to Valeria, and inspected her face. Her touch was gentle, her eyes soft with concern. Her formidable wall had come down, revealing a rare glimpse of vulnerability. She inspected Valeria's face like a nurturing mother and winced. "We need to get some ice on that eye before it swells up."

Sitting up, Valeria said, "I'm sorry I let you down, Sovereign."

"It's alright, girl," she said. "I thought you could beat her, but you can't win them all. You'll live to fight another day. I'll be right back."

Valeria kept up her wounded facade until Jada left, her grimace slowly replaced with a mischievous grin. She reached in her pocket and removed the object she had been focused on the whole time.

Brigitte's diary.

Brigitte's diary. She knew Brigitte was a malicious individual who liked nothing better than wailing on a weaker opponent. But she had hustled her, just like Jada did. She had her own personal calendar and knew it was around the same size as Brigitte's diary. When she lunged at Brigitte, she pickpocketed her diary and switched it with the calendar in her own pocket. Brigitte was so preoccupied with causing harm that she didn't notice the switch.

Frank and Jada had taught her well.

Beaming with pride, she started flipping through the diary's contents. The sound of footsteps nearby forced her to stop, and she placed it back in her pocket. She would examine it later tonight.

"Well," Jada said, handing off a bag of ice, "I guess you deserve a break after what she did to you."

" What did she do?" Frank asked, descending the stairs. Noticing the bag of ice pressed against Valeria's face, his eyes went wide. "That evil bitch ! I swear I'm gonna -"

What bitch "Stop, babe!" Jada interrupted. "I told you to never use the B word."

never Sighing, his shoulders slouched forward. "I'm sorry. I just don't like seeing you hurt, kiddo. Are you okay?"

"I'm fine," Valeria said, a smirk across her face. "I'm tougher than I look."

The doorbell rang, and Frank left to answer it. He returned a moment later with their takeout food.

Jada looked over at Valeria and said, "You've been doing a good job with training overall, girl. As a reward, I figured we could watch a more modern heist movie today while we eat."

"Jeez," Frank said. "You've been really stingy with the remote lately. When do I get to choose?"

"You can pick the next one."

Valeria wondered why Jada was so insistent on picking their movie selections. The previous movies had a similar theme - male thieves seducing righteous characters intending to capture them.

"Ready for the movie?" Jada asked.

"Sure," Valeria replied, trying to remain nonchalant. "I hope it's not boring." But she didn't really care about the movie. She cared about the experience. Other kids might have groaned about eating dinner and watching a movie with their parents - but not her.

She had dreamed of moments like this, sitting alone in her cot at the detention center. Family dinners, backyard barbecues, birthday parties. But a year would go by, and she was still alone. She clung to hope as time passed, but started to wonder if she would be ready to join a family.

she Frank and Jada were already eating as the movie started to play. Exchanging glances at both, Valeria knew she was ready. She was ready to be whole again and take on the world. She was ready for everything except the movie , because it would change everything she thought she knew - forever .

except movie forever

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 26: Respect Is The Ultimate Currency


Valeria's stomach growled as the smell of chinese food wafted into her nostrils. She took a large swath of noodles on her fork and devoured them like a ravenous bird. She juggled the fork in one hand, the bag of ice in the other. It stung like hell, but she could handle it.

"Ooh," Frank said, pointing at the television screen. " Inside Man, huh?"

Inside Man, With her mouth full, Jada nodded. Valeria turned away from her and inspected the movie title and its description on the screen.

Inside Man. (2006)

Denzel Washington.

Clive Owen.

Jodie Foster.

Directed by Spike Lee.

Inside Man. (2006)

Denzel Washington.

Clive Owen.

Jodie Foster.

Directed by Spike Lee. "Isn't Inside Man was one of your favorite movies?" Valeria asked, recalling one of their conversations from long ago.

"Yeah," Jada said, her lips pulling back into a smile. "This movie and the original Aladdin are two of my favorites ."

favorites Hearing this a second time, Valeria made a mental note. Back at the detention center, she had unlocked guard's wifi passwords with this type of information. She could use it to unlock Jada's laptop, or better yet - this information could help with her Midas Vault research. She watched the movie like a cyclops; one eye remained closed as she balanced the icepack across her face.

Inside Man depicted a complex bank heist orchestrated by Clive Owen's character. While things seemed out of his control, the main character retained a calm, collected demeanor, and kept reassuring the audience that, "he had executed the perfect bank robbery."

Inside Man She enjoyed the movie's plot, pacing, and dialogue, and paid attention with relative interest. But her attentiveness spiked as he recited a familiar quote. "I did it for the money," he narrated to the audience. "But it's not worth much if you can't face yourself in the mirror. Respect is the ultimate currency ."

Respect is the ultimate currency The icepack hit the floor with a thud. She froze, staring at the screen with her mouth ajar. Respect is the ultimate currency, she repeated in her mind. She knew this phrase; the same line was repeated verbatim in the clue at the Midas Vault. She didn't have her notes readily available, but Valeria remembered the vague summary of the clue.

Respect is the ultimate currency, A man inside will help you? Something about his number?

A man inside will help you? Something about his number? This had to be it. She looked over at Jada, trying to conceal her excitement. She was unknowingly about to give away the secret to unlocking the Midas Vault. She didn't know Valeria had found the entrance. She couldn't have known, right?

right? Valeria decided to ignore her thoughts and focused on the movie. At the climax, Clive Owen reveals his ulterior motive for the bank heist - revenge - which rests in vault 392. The three digit number flashed across the entire screen multiple times throughout the movie, leaving her speechless. She couldn't be a hundred percent sure that was the code, but what else could it be? She remained calm as the movie finished and the credits rolled.

revenge Turning to her, Frank asked, "What'd ya think?"

"It was pretty good, I guess."

Laughing, Frank continued with, "It's one of the best modern heist movies. I still prefer the older ones though."

Jada kissed his cheek. "That's cause you're old school. It's what I love most about you."

"Alright," Valeria said, rolling her eyes. "I'm going upstairs if you two are gonna be all lovey-dovey." She ascended the stairs, ignoring Jada's command to ' finish her homework .' She entered her bedroom and sat at the computer, her hands trembling with excitement. She might know the code to the Midas Vault, but there was another thing she wanted to check.

finish her homework

Opening the laptop, she did a google search for Aladdin . The first search results involved the live action version that premiered in 2019. Not that one, she thought. Modifying her search, she typed: original Aladdin. This time, the top search result read: Aladdin (1992 Disney Film) .

Aladdin Not that one, original Aladdin (1992 Disney Film) Valeria snapped her fingers. The year 1992 was attached to one of the names at the Midas Vault - Vault of Wonders . A summary of the plot described how Aladdin explored the Cave of Wonders , where he found the magic lamp. Okay, she thought , that can't be a coincidence. The Cave instructed Aladdin to touch nothing but the lamp. His pet monkey disregarded these instructions and almost got them killed.

Vault of Wonders Cave of Wonders Okay, , that can't be a coincidence. She considered this narrative a moment, as the story reinforced a familiar theme. In the Midas myth, she read that everything Midas touched turned to gold - including food and water - which led to his downfall . What was the other name for the Vault again?

everything downfall Jada's sign had given the vault a new name. The sign was entitled,'The Strange Vault: 2011.' Could it be another movie? she wondered. Turning back to the laptop, she searched for the top selling movies of 2011, and shook her head at the top result.

Could it be another movie? Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2.

Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2. While most of the details were hazy, she remembered they were searching for a horcrux at the goblin bank. They entered a vault in that movie and almost got killed after touching its contents. Not just any vault - they went into the Lestrange Vault!

Laughing, she realized the clues all pointed to the same basic warning. She should 'recall the vault's name clearly' because it was warning her to not touch anything inside. Puzzle solved - mic drop .

because mic drop Erin would probably geek out over this, but Valeria decided to wait and discuss her findings with her tomorrow. She still had a ton of homework left to complete, and it was getting late. When finished with homework, she brushed her teeth, changed into pajamas, and collapsed onto the bed. Content with solving the Midas Vault riddle, she drifted off to sleep without remembering the diary she stole from Brigitte earlier that evening.

#

Valeria awoke refreshed the next morning and casually went about her morning routine. She made sure to get dressed, pack her bag, and fix her appearance in the mirror. With so much to do, she almost forgot about the diary she stole from Brigitte again .

almost again Almost.

Almost. Valeria reached for her jeans on the floor, emptied the pants pockets and found the diary. She casually flipped to the most recent entry and skimmed it over.

"Thursday:

"Thursday: Plans: Stop by the Pipino residence to train their bratty protégé. Make sure everything is in place for tomorrow.

Plans: Stop by the Pipino residence to train their bratty protégé. Make sure everything is in place for tomorrow. Friday:

Friday: The Master's Plan."

The Master's Plan." Valeria looked over the page again, trying to make sense of it. Who was the Master ? And what was their plan? She started reading the entries backward, eyes widening after select passages.

Master "Monday: Tyrell protégé confirmed. Hit the Pipino protégé with my car, and the boy healed her. It makes sense why he never ratted her out. He clearly wants to get in her pants."

"Monday: Tyrell protégé confirmed. Hit the Pipino protégé with my car, and the boy healed her. It makes sense why he never ratted her out. He clearly wants to get in her pants." "Saturday: Met with the Master. Received current orders – follow the Pipino protégé, she's close with the Tyrell protégé. I'm to kidnap the Tyrell protégé and use them as leverage in the war against the Celestials. The Master will meet me with the Tyrell protégé at Coterel on Friday, and we will finally claim the Artifact . "

"Saturday: Met with the Master. Received current orders – follow the Pipino protégé, she's close with the Tyrell protégé. I'm to kidnap the Tyrell protégé and use them as leverage in the war against the Celestials. The Master will meet me with the Tyrell protégé at Coterel on Friday, and we will finally claim the Artifact

Valeria closed the diary in a mad panic, realizing Brigitte planned to kidnap Sai today. Sai wasn't the Tyrell protégé, but Brigitte didn't seem to know that. The diary entries indicated she was taking orders from someone , who must be Dontrell. Frank had said he wanted a war with the Celestials, and capturing the Tyrell protégé would be a good way to start one.

someone If Dontrell and Brigitte kidnapped Sai, they would learn he wasn't the Tyrell protégé. And once that happened, they would surely get rid of him. I can't let that happen! she thought with fists clenched . Pocketing the diary, she ran downstairs and found Frank sitting at the table scooping up cereal from a bowl.

I can't let that happen! . "Morning, kiddo –"

"Where's Jada?!" Valeria blurted out. "I need to tell you both something! Now !"

Now "Whoa," Frank said, sitting at attention, "calm down. What's the emergency?"

She slammed Brigitte's diary onto the table in front of him. "This! Brigitte's going to kidnap Sai today! Look at this week's entries!"

He picked up the diary and flipped through the contents, eyes widening as he finished the last few pages. "Holy crap! Doesn't she realize he's not their protégé?"

"It doesn't matter! Once they find out he's not their protégé, they'll kill him! Where's Jada?"

"She had an early flight," Frank said, massaging his chin, "supposedly on her way to Moscow to meet with her brother."

Valeria shook her head. "It's all a trick. Dontrell tricked her! He's Brigitte's master!"

"Listen to me, kiddo. I'll send loyal Rogues over to your friend's house and the school. Brigitte won't get anywhere near him. I'll go to Coterel later on while you're in school and make sure everyone is on the lookout. It's gonna be okay."

"Are you sure?" she asked, her breaths shallow.

"Trust me," he said, "you just go to school, and try not to panic, alright?"

Valeria took another deep breath, trying to calm her nerves. Frank walked over to the cupboard, removed a protein bar and handed it to her. "If you won't eat breakfast, at least take this on the way to school."

"Promise me nothing will happen to him," she pleaded.

Sighing, Frank said, "I'll do everything I can. Go on, you'll be late for school."

After saying goodbye, Valeria burst out the front door, hopped on her bike, and pedaled toward the school with urgency. She got there in record time, and hoped to find Sai waiting at the bicycle rack with his bike, but neither were there. Maybe he's running late, she thought.

Maybe he's running late, She unlocked her bike and walked around to the front of the school. She had arrived earlier than usual, and watched as the students arrived by bike, bus, or carpool.

"Hey, V," Roberta said, approaching from one of the school buses in front of the school. The skinny red headed girl walked up to her with a curious grin. "You're here earlier than usual."

"Yeah," Valeria said, trying to keep calm, "I wanted an early start today. Was Sai on the bus with you?"

Roberta shook her head. "No, he usually rides his bike here."

"What's up, suckas!" James yelled over his dirt bike's sputtering exhaust. He combed back a lock of long curly brown hair and said, "What are y'all doing out here?"

Tapping her foot, Valeria said, "Waiting for Sai. Have you seen him?"

"Not today," he replied. "I usually see him on the bike ride here since we live nearby."



"Hey guys," Jon said, pulling up beside them with his bike.

As her friends exchanged greetings, Valeria felt a lump forming in the back of her throat. No matter what happened, she wasn't going inside until Sai arrived.

"Are you okay, V?" Roberta asked.

"Yeah," Jon added, "you look like a nervous wreck."

Sighing, Valeria said, "I'll feel better once Sai gets here."

"Why?" James asked.

Valeria didn't answer. A familiar fancy black car had pulled up alongside the school, stealing her attention. Erin stepped out of the car and smiled as she noticed them all standing there. "Well good morning, everyone."

Everyone greeted her except Valeria, who nodded without saying a word.

"Are you okay, Valeria?" Erin asked, her voice laced with concern.

"I'm fine," Valeria replied curtly.

"So uh," James began, "can we go inside now? We're gonna be late."

Biting her nails, Valeria's nerves were getting the best of her. "I'm not moving from this spot until Sai gets here!"

not All four of her friends exchanged concerned looks.

"I can call him if you want?" James asked.

"Yes, please do."

James pulled out his cellphone, dialed, and held the phone to his ear. "He's not there. Voicemail."

Valeria bit her lip. She got him, she thought . I just know it.

She got him, . I just know it. "Maybe he's sick?" Roberta asked.

"He's not sick. He's been kidnapped!" Valeria blurted out, unable to control herself.

"What?!" Roberta protested.

"Kidnapped?!" Jon added.

"What the hell are you talking about?" James asked.

hell Her hand trembled as she pointed at Erin.. "They kidnapped him because they thought he was you !"

you Erin looked mortified. "Who kidnapped him? People from your faction?"

"Yeah," Valeria said, eyes narrowed. "He's a Celestial too. And once they find out he's not you, they'll kill him!"

not kill "Whoa -Whoa !" James exclaimed. "What are you two talking about?"

-Whoa you two "Kill him?!" Roberta shrieked. "Are you serious ?"

serious "We should call the police!" Jon added.

Erin's face flushed red as she glanced at each of her friends. "Maybe we should talk about this in private, Valeria. You're making your friends very nervous."

"We can't call the police," Valeria countered, "and I don't care about secrets anymore. I'm going to rescue Sai."

"You know where he is?" James asked. "If you do, we're coming with you."

Erin shook her head. "You have no idea what you're talking about. This is dangerous ."

dangerous "She's right," Valeria added, "Sai's in trouble because of me, so I'll go find him. This shit has nothing to do with you."

"What?" Jon protested.

"No way," James added. "Sai has been our friend longer than he's been yours. If he's really in trouble – we're coming with you."

"You're damn right," Jon added.

"Count me in," Roberta said.

They all looked over at Erin, who held up her hands. "If he's really at your headquarters, you know I can't go there."

"What if I offered an incentive?" Valeria asked. "What if I told you I know the combination to the Midas Vault?"

"You did it?!" Erin exclaimed with wide eyes. "You figured it out?"

"What are you two rambling about?" James asked.

Valeria ignored him. "We still have our deal. If you help me rescue Sai, I'll get you inside that vault."

"Okay," Erin said, taking a moment to consider her proposal. "Maybe this is fate, like I told you. I'm in. Let's do it!"

"Okay," Roberta added, "you two seriously need to fill us in on some information."

seriously "I'll tell you on the way," Valeria said, a plan already forming in the back of her mind. "But first, I need to stop at the CVS for some supplies."

Smiling, Erin asked, "Sounds like you already have a plan to get us inside your Faction?"

"It's crazy as shit," Valeria said, "but it might work. Erin will ride with me. Roberta can ride with James on his dirt bike."

Combing his hair with his hands, James said, "You can ride with me, little lady ."

little lady Roberta scoffed. "Don't get any funny ideas."

"Wait here," Valeria said. She ran around the corner to the bicycle rack and unlocked her bike. She wasn't surprised when Erin followed her.

"Are you serious ?" she asked, eyes narrowing. "Bringing those normal kids inside your faction? You could get them killed."

serious could Valeria shrugged her shoulders as she removed her bike. "I didn't make them come. They volunteered, and we could use all the help we can get." She hopped on her bike and pedaled next to Erin. "Hop on."

Erin's scowl morphed into a grin. "As much as I'd love to ride you , there's not enough room for two people on there."

love you Valeria studied her with an eyebrow raised. Did she just make a sexual innuendo? The thought distracted her for a moment, leaving her mind in the gutter. Her cheeks felt warm, her palms sweaty. She wanted to follow up with a witty remark, but Sai was in danger and there wasn't enough time. "Well," Valeria said, swallowing a lump in the back of her throat, "what would you suggest?"

Winking at her, Erin walked over to the bicycle rack, placed both hands on one of the locked bikes, and whispered to herself. Her hands glowed with an intense yellow light, and the lock broke apart. She removed the bike, hopped on, and pedaled next to Valeria.

"Well look at you," Valeria quipped, "stealing a bike. I thought I'm supposed to be the shady thief?"

I'm "Shut up," Erin said, her lips pulled back into a smile. "I'm only borrowing it."

borrowing Valeria couldn't help but smile back, her nerves calming a little. "Seriously, thanks for coming with me."

"Don't thank me yet. We still need to rescue your friend. I hope you have a good plan."

Valeria nodded as they pedaled back to the group. She did have a good plan, and nothing would stand in her way. Don't worry, Sai , she thought to herself, we're coming to rescue you.

did nothing Don't worry, Sai we're coming to rescue you.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 27: The Kidnapping of Sai Gupta


"Why does this plan sound familiar?" Erin asked, following Valeria outside the CVS a block away from the school.

Grinning, Valeria placed the supplies in her book bag. "It's the same plan Han Solo used in the first Star Wars movie."

James snapped his fingers. "That's right . They pretended to be Stormtroopers escorting Chewbacca as a prisoner." Smiling, he added, "I'm surprised a girl like you thought of that."

right Valeria rolled her eyes. A girl like me, huh? she thought. Even from a friend like him, the sarcastic remark came off as demeaning. Girls can come up with plans. Girls can lead, if given the chance. As tempted as she was to call him out on it, this wasn't the time.

A girl like me, huh? "Shut up and listen," Valeria snapped. "You and Jon will pretend to be mercenaries I hired, okay? We will bind Erin and Roberta, and I will say the three of us are there to turn in two Celestial prisoners. Understood?"

"I still can't believe you're a real Rogue," James said, his voice ripe with excitement.

real "And you're a real healer," Roberta said, her tone reflecting admiration. Staring at Erin with wide eyes she said, "This is unbelievable ."

real unbelievable "I'm a Celestial ," Erin corrected, "and unlike your dumb game, I can do more than simply heal."

Celestial "Don't call D&D dumb!" James snapped.

"Shut up! All of you!" Valeria scolded. "This isn't some game - this is for real . Instead of rescuing some princess, we're saving our friend who needs us. Okay?" Everyone cheered, but she wasn't finished yet. "Good. But listen - we're going somewhere dangerous. If anyone wants to back out, now's the time." An awkward silence hung over them until Jon broke it.

All for real "Not a chance," he said, a goofy grin across his face. "Lead the way, hero ."

hero Valeria paused, letting that word sink in for a moment. People like her weren't called heroes. No one like her was on the cover of a comic book or superhero movie. Heroes were supposed to be fearless, and as much as she hated to admit it - she was scared . Afraid of leading them into danger. Afraid that she wouldn't be strong or smart enough to keep her friends safe.

scared She was afraid, but that would not stop her.

not Forcing a fake smile, she said, "Alright. But as the hero , you'll do everything I say, including ditching me. Got it?"

the hero everything including Everyone agreed.

"Okay, follow me!" she said, pedalling off on her bike. Erin and Jon struggled to keep up with her quick pace, while James cruised alongside with his dirt bike, Roberta desperately clinging to him.

The streets were crowded with people still on their way to work. Horns honked, construction workers drilled, and sirens could be heard in the distance. But Valeria tried to zone it all out. She focused on breathing in the crisp morning air, the sound of the breeze brushing against the leaves of a nearby tree embedded within the sidewalk. The journey was mostly uneventful, and she needed that. This was the calm before the storm, and she needed to gather her resolve before shit got real.

When they finally pulled up to the large gothic structure known as Coterel, Valeria was ready. As ready as she'd ever be anyway.

"This place looks like a church," Roberta said, hopping off the dirt bike.

Grinning, Valeria said, "things aren't always what they seem." It was ironic, regurgitating the same line Frank said to her two weeks ago. She hadn't believed him at the time, but that all changed when the old lady at the front desk threatened her with a knife. Turning to them, she said, "That reminds me. There's an old lady at the front desk here. Do not talk shit to her. You'll be sorry if you do."



"Umm," Jon said, shrugging his shoulders. "Okay."

Noticing a vacant alleyway nearby, Valeria pointed at it and said, "I'm going to change into my Aegis. You guys wait here."

"Wait," Erin said with surprise. "You guys wear an Aegis too?"

Valeria removed the black leather outfit from her bag and walked with Erin toward the alley. "Yeah. You guys wear a leather one like this?"

Erin lifted her t-shirt above the navel, revealing a thin and shiny chainmail underneath. When it caught the sunlight, it glistened with a silver and pinkish hue. "Ours is made from Avalonian Aether, an enchanted metal and –"

Valeria had removed her jeans, and was about to put the Aegis' pants on. Curious, she glanced over at Erin, whose cheeks flushed red. When their eyes met, Erin turned around.

"What are you doing?" she stuttered with her back turned.

"Changing," Valeria said, sliding into the Aegis' leather pants and shoes. "I can't just wear mine underneath like yours." She fastened the protective coat of the black and green trimmed Aegis before turning around.

Erin continued to face away from her, and Valeria couldn't help but smile. Wasn't this the same girl who teased her with a sexual innuendo earlier? Why did Erin suddenly turn prude after her pants came off? But that was doubtful. If anything, her gesture was an act of courtesy or chivalry. It was something Sai would do, and this made Erin just as irresistible as him. She crept up behind her without making a sound and whispered in her ear. "You can watch me undress any time you want."

"Holy crap!" Erin exclaimed, jumping backward. "Don't scare me like that!"

Laughing, Valeria felt her tension ease. "Couldn't resist."

Erin inspected her from head to toe. "I'll admit you look... umm ... pretty cool in that."

umm "Thanks," she said, stepping out of the alleyway. She returned to her bike, grabbed her bookbag with supplies, and removed two cable wires from their packaging. She handed one to Jon, who stared at her wide eyed.

" What are you wearing?" he asked.

What "Yeah," James added, "you look like Black Widow going to a punk rock concert."

Grinning, Roberta said, "I think she looks badass."

"That's enough," Valeria said, binding Erin's hands with one of Penny's sailor knots. Unlike her repeated failure during the training session, this time she managed to succeed on the first attempt. She looked over at James and Jon, who hadn't moved. Groaning, she grabbed the cable wire from Jon and bound Roberta's hands with the same knot. "Now remember, you two are mercenaries I hired, okay? Shut up and play along." She grabbed Erin's wrists and led her up the stairs. "I didn't tie that knot too tight, did I?" she whispered.

Erin giggled. "I'll be fine. You should try to act like a big mean Rogue."

should Sighing, Valeria pushed the front doors open and led the way inside. The foyer hadn't changed over the past two weeks, but everything felt different this time. She had never entered the building without an adult before.

Goldie sat behind the reception desk. She coughed as the five of them approached. "Oh my," she said, rearranging her spectacles. "Who have you brought with you, protégé?"

Valeria cleared her throat, and puffed out her chest. "With these mercenaries, I captured two Celestials at school today."

"Hmm," Goldie said, inspecting them one by one. "That's interesting . Thirty minutes ago, Brigitte and a group of her Assassins captured another young Celestial too . This is most unusual - we're not supposed to hold Celestials hostage. If the Sovereign were here, she'd say –"

interesting too

"But she's not here," Valeria interjected without thinking. Fists clenched, she was tempted to scream at her for allowing Assassins to bring Sai inside. But she refrained, remembering this woman wasn't someone to be trifled with. "I'm sorry, Goldie. That wasn't polite."

Goldie smirked. "I see you've learned some manners, protégé. Maybe if I had some incentive, I could notify Hami and he could escort you and your prisoners."

Valeria searched her pockets, but knew this was in vain. She wasn't packing any cash. Hands trembling, panic was beginning to overwhelm her. She couldn't think of a plan, but didn't have to.

Jon suddenly walked up to the desk and slammed a wad of bills onto its surface. "How about a hundred bucks?"

Goldie picked up the bills and counted them with a smile. "That'll do, dear. Take the elevator to the D-5 level - the holding cells are there. I'll call Hami and tell him to meet you there. Have a nice day, young man." She turned toward Valeria, her smile receding. "Until next time, protégé."

Valeria shoved Erin forward, and led them all to the nearby elevator. Once inside, she pushed the D5 button and untied her bindings.

"Who the hell carries around a hundred dollars nowadays? Seriously? " James asked.

Seriously? "I'm a hacker," Jon fired back. "If you knew what I knew, you wouldn't trust banks either."

"Who's this Hami guy?" Erin asked. "Do you trust him?"

"He's one of my instructors," Valeria said. "He's a decent guy - but be prepared in case he won't cooperate."

The elevator dinged and the doors opened, revealing a poorly lit hallway resembling a medieval jail corridor. When her innate night vision turned on, she gasped at the grisly scene; ten bodies lie motionless outside the jail cells. She ran over to the nearest Rogue and checked his pulse. He was unconscious, but alive. Noticing the hints of orange embedded within his Aegis, she realized he was a bounty hunter. They all were. Hopefully the others were hit with tranquilizers too, she thought.

Hopefully the others were hit with tranquilizers too, "How the hell can she see anything down here?" James protested from the elevator.

"Don't worry," Jon said, "I'll use the flashlight on my phone."

Valeria tried to warn them to stop, but was too late.The light illuminating the corridor was followed by screams within the elevator - but she ignored them. Someone was whispering her name, and she crept down the corridor, searching for them. She stopped beside a familiar Rogue with curly brown hair pulled back in a ponytail. "Hami!" she cried, hands trembling as she examined his wounds. "Who did this?!"

"Brig...Brigitte..." he said, sputtering blood. "It's not safe..."

"Erin!" Valeria yelled, trying to apply pressure to the wound on his chest. "I need you over here now !"

now Erin crouched beside her. "Oh my God," she said, her breath catching on every word. "What happened to him?"

happened "He's going to die !" Valeria screamed. "He has a six month old at home! Heal him! I know you can!"

die Heal Erin stared at her wide eyed, the color draining from her face. "I don't know if I can. I've never healed anything that bad before."

that "Please," Valeria pleaded. "Please try. He's a good man. You'll see."

good Exhaling, Erin placed both hands on his wound. She started chanting unfamiliar words, and he looked up, his eyes hazily focusing on her.

"Who...Who...are..."

"Shhh," Erin said, caressing his face. "I'm here to help. But you have to help me. You have to will yourself to live, so think about things worth living for."

you You will yourself

Nodding, Hami closed his eyes. Erin did the same, keeping both hands planted on his chest. She continued chanting until her hands glowed with a yellow hue, a display similar to the one used to heal Valeria a week ago.

The light intensified until it enveloped the entire corridor, and Valeria shielded her eyes. Hami groaned nearby, but when the light dissipated, he appeared to relax. Looking down, she noticed Hami's wound was gone. He took slow, deep breaths, and sat up in a daze.

"What...What...just happened?" he asked.

"Yeah, seriously," James said, the others beside him. "That was some divine intervention right there."

Erin sat backward, heaving in deep breaths. Her pallor had worsened, her face appeared sunken. "Did it work?" she panted.

"It did," Valeria said, inspecting her face. "Are you okay?"

you "Yeah," Erin said, a grin slowly crossing her pale lips. "Healing drains us. But don't worry, I'll recover with rest and some TLC."

drains Grinning, Valeria leaned close and kissed her cheek. "That can be arranged, later . Now get the hell up." Some of the color returned to her cheeks as they locked eyes. She knew Erin wanted to tell her something, but she never got the chance. Hearing the faintest of footsteps nearby, Valeria jumped to her feet and reached for a smoke bomb to throw, but refrained when she recognized the figures approaching them - Xun and Penny.

later Both were dressed in their Aegis; Xun's leather robe was trimmed with purple, while Penny's was more like Valeria's, albeit trimmed with blue. Xun wielded a knife, while Penny leveled a rifle at them.

"Nobody move," Penny barked, her Australian accent sounding more authoritative than usual.

"What the hell happened here?" Xun added. "Who are these people, Valeria?"

hell "We're her friends," James replied, holding up his hands. "Wait a minute. Aren't you the tutors we saw at Valeria's house?"

"Shut up, moron!" Xun snapped. "Was I talking to you?"

"No, ma'am."

"Who did this?" Penny asked, aiming her rifle at them, "was it your lot?"

your "No," Hami said, his breath labored. "It was Brigitte . Her group...of assassins jumped us. Brigitte tried to kill me."

Brigitte Groaning, Xun sheathed her knife. "I should have known. I've never trusted that twisted tramp."

never "Thank you," Hami said, smiling at Erin. "Thank you for healing me."

Xun turned toward them with an eyebrow raised. "She healed you? Are you telling me," she sputtered while turning to Valeria, "you brought a Celestial inside our Faction?!"

healed Celestial our "She saved my life," Hami said.

"Even still," Xun snapped. "She can't be trusted!"

can't "We've got bigger shit to deal with!" Valeria yelled, rounding on Xun. "Brigitte knows where the Artifact is! She and Dontrell plan to steal it today." Xun, Hami, Penny, and Erin all turned toward her with disbelief, but Valeria continued before they could get a word in. "I don't have time to explain. Hami, can you walk?"

"Yeah," he said, his legs wobbling as he stood.. "It looks like your friends are unarmed?"

"Me too. Why?"

Hami pointed to the unconscious Rogues along the corridor. "Take their guns. You should grab a knife too, Valeria."

Roberta held up her hands, and said, "Whoa, I didn't sign up to kill anybody."



"They're tranquilizer guns," Hami replied. "They only put people to sleep."

Jon looked over at Penny and asked, "What about her rifle? Is that a tranquilizer gun?"

"No love," Penny said, a smirk crossing her lips as she cocked her rifle. "This baby's the real deal. I call her Widowmaker." She slid the rifle around her shoulder and supported Hami. "I got ya mate."

"Hold up," Xun said, motioning for everyone to stop. "Are you crazy, Hami? Why should we arm these normal kids? They shouldn't even be here."

"The Assassins knew our patrol times," Hami said, a frown across his face. "They must've hacked our radios. There's at least ten of them, and I'm sure they took down more of us when they left. If I radio for help, it'll ruin the one thing we've got going for us now - the element of surprise."

"Nobody knows where the vault for the Artifact is," Xun said, eyes narrowing. "So unless you know where the Assassins are going, we're crap out of luck."

"I know where they're going," Valeria said. "The vault is near the Training Hall."

"Blimey!" Penny exclaimed. "Are you telling me we've been walking by the bloody thing for years without knowing it?!"

"How do you know this?" Xun asked.

"I don't have a good answer for that," Valeria said, shrugging her shoulders. "I just know."

"Alright then," Xun said, before picking up a tranquilizer gun from a nearby guard. "Everyone grab a gun, and let's go."

"They fire one shot at a time," Hami said as he grabbed one himself. "It takes forever to reload, so make your shots count."

Xun, Hami, and Penny led the way inside the elevator, with Valeria and Erin close behind. James, Roberta and Jon brought up the rear. Erin stood next to Valeria and said, "Your Rogue friends are interesting ."

interesting Valeria offered a quick side glance as she stepped into the elevator. "Not what you expected, huh?"

Xun turned around and chastised them. "Shut up you two. Once we go up, everyone needs to be quiet. Only shoot people dressed in red." She swiped an ID card, pressed the button for the D-2 level, and turned to them. "We will exit right near the Training Hall, so I hope you're all ready."

Everyone acknowledged and held their tranquilizer guns ready. When the elevator dinged and the doors opened, Xun, Penny, Hami, and Valeria were the first ones out. They crept along the dark vacant hallway with their guns raised. She heard two sets of voices as they approached the opening ahead.

" In...Anna...In...Anna..."

In...Anna...In...Anna..." Valeria shook her head, trying to ignore the whispering voice from the fake wall nearby. She kept her eyes forward, and focused on a different familiar voice echoing from the Training Hall.

"...and you all have performed exceptionally well. The Master will reward you once he's finished with a different task."

"What task?" an unfamiliar voice asked.

"When is Master Jackson getting here?" another asked.

"Are you sure he really ordered this?" another Assassin asked, his tone more skeptical.

"Of course he did," Brigitte roared over them. "And as his second in command, you have no right to question my orders!"

Valeria peeked into the room and counted thirteen assassins huddled near the training tower. Brigitte stood near the front with Sai kneeling beside her. His face was bruised, and he had a cut above his right eyebrow. With teeth clenched, she turned to Xun, who brought a finger to her lips. Their group huddled near the entrance, and Xun whispered her orders.

"Hami, Valeria and I will charge them on three. The rest of you fire at them before we reach them." She turned to Penny, and said, "Try to wound them, if you can."

before Nodding, Penny removed her rifle and held it ready while Xun silently counted. Hami stood beside her, his breathing shallow.

Valeria took a slow, deep breath as she held the tranquilizer gun in her hands. She barely knew how to use a gun, the cold steel foreign to her fingertips. It trembled in her hands, the anxiety slowly beginning to take hold. But when she looked over and saw Sai's injured face, her hand steadied. His life was in her hands, and she wouldn't fail him. With this thought in mind, she followed Xun and Hami as they ran into the room.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 28: The Skirmish


The next few minutes passed in a blur, but Valeria did her best to remain focused as the confrontation unfolded. When she followed Hami and Xun into the room, shots rang out behind them and five of the Assassins dropped instantly. The three of them fired next, and three more Assassins dropped before they had a chance to retaliate.

Xun pounced on a nearby Assassin near the front; Hami removed a Bola and threw it at another. Valeria dropped the empty tranquilizer gun and ran toward Brigitte, who had already removed her pistol and aimed it at Xun. Valeria threw a smoke bomb at Brigitte's feet, and it detonated with a poof of smoke that altered her aim.

Xun took a hit to the shoulder and collapsed to the floor, while Hami incapacitated another Assassin with a second Bola. Another shot rang out – Valeria assumed it was Penny's rifle, Widowmaker – and another Assassin went down, leaving one more and Brigitte herself. The last Assassin aimed at Hami, but she threw a smoke bomb to disorient him. Using a judo throw, she took him to the ground and subdued him.

"That's enough!" Brigitte yelled, holding Sai as a human shield. She aimed the pistol at his head and said, "Drop your weapons, or I'll drop this kid."

Valeria and Hami were the only ones close by, and while she was unarmed, he had stolen a pistol. Sighing, he placed it on the ground.

"What's your plan Brigitte?" he asked, his tone sarcastic. "You don't have enough bullets to shoot all of us."

Valeria looked at Sai, and when their eyes met, he shifted them to his right and back. Before Valeria understood what his signal meant, he leaned backward and crashed his head into Brigitte's chin. A shot rang out, and Brigitte cursed and dropped her pistol. The shot came from Xun, who lay supine on the ground.

Sai fell to the ground as Valeria approached Brigitte. Waving her hands, she motioned for everyone to cease fire. "It's over," Valeria said. "You and Dontrell lost. Where is he?"

Brigitte released a hysterical laugh. "It's just beginning, sweetheart. The Master is already inside the vault."

Valeria cursed under her breath. She had hoped Dontrell wouldn't find the vault or the code to enter it. But he was Jada's brother; he was bound to figure it out eventually.

Brigitte removed a real knife and weaved it back and forth. "Come on, protégé. Let's settle this the old fashioned way."

Penny moved forward with her rifle. "No way! Drop your weapon!"

Valeria raised an arm, motioning for her to stop. "I've got this."

Brigitte laughed again. "You couldn't stop me before, and you won't stop me now."

Valeria removed Brigitte's diary and dropped it on the ground. "I let you win last time. Come at me, unless you're scared."

Brigitte snarled and unleashed a torrent of racist insults, but Valeria zoned them out. When she lashed out with a barrage of strikes, Valeria dodged two of them. She caught and disarmed her on the third, elbowing her in the face.

Rolling around on the ground, Brigitte laughed again. "None of this matters. The Master has already won."

Valeria turned toward Sai. He looked exhausted as Hami tended to him. She walked over and caressed his face. "Are you alright?"

"Better now that you're here," he said with a laugh. "I already said you can save me any time you want."

Looking at Xun, she asked, "how's your shoulder?"

"I'll live," Xun said, a weak grin across her face as she leaned on Penny for support.

"Can you heal them?" Valeria asked, looking in Erin's direction.

"There's no time," she replied. "She said someone's already inside the vault!"

Sighing, Valeria said, "She's right. I'm going in there."

"Are you kidding?!" Hami protested. "If Dontrell is in there, he'll kill you!"

"Why not wait to ambush him out here?" James asked.

Xun pointed in his direction. "The kid has a point."

James scoffed. "I'm not a kid - I'm a man ."

kid man "You don't understand!" Erin protested, "The Artifact is incredibly powerful. We can't let him get to it first. I think we can beat him to it! We have to try!"

Valeria exhaled impatiently and said, "Alright. I'll go in there and try to stop him. You all wait out here," she said, turning to Penny. "Be prepared to shoot anything that comes out of the Vault." She turned to Hami next. "Send for reinforcements okay?"

Hami padded her shoulder. "We will. Be careful in there."

"You're crazy as hell to go in there," Xun said, a grin across her face. "But I won't stop you. Prometheus watch over you."

Everyone offered similar sentiments, but Erin shook her head. "No way! We had a deal. I'm going in there with you. I can do more than just heal. We made a deal, and that's it!"

Realizing there was no way to change her mind, Valeria motioned for her to follow. She approached the illusionary wall near the entrance and heard the steady repetitive whispers.

" In...Anna...In...Anna..."

In...Anna...In...Anna..." She passed through the wall and waited for Erin to pass through. Dusty footprints were noticeable near the vault door, revealing someone had been here recently. The three numerical dials were still set at: 0,0,0."

someone "Wow," Erin said, stepping through the wall. "That was a cool trick. The Artifact is definitely in there."

"You can hear it too?!"

"Yeah, it sounds just like ours."

With eyes narrowed, Valeria asked, "you've actually seen your Factions' Artifact?"

"I've done more than that," Erin said, examining the door, "I've used it. Come on, we need to move."

"Are you sure you wanna do this?" Valeria asked.

"Yeah, let's go."

Valeria turned toward the dials, and slowly put the correct combination in one by one:

392.

392. Once finished, the door trembled and opened backward, revealing a massive dark cavern beyond. "Okay," Valeria whispered, "Follow me, and make sure you don't touch anything."

"Why?"

Valeria looked over at the clue next to the vault, along with its three names.

Be sure to recall this vault's name clearly, for respect is the ultimate currency.

Be sure to recall this vault's name clearly, for respect is the ultimate currency. The Strange Vault. Vault of Wonders. Midas Vault.

The Strange Vault. Vault of Wonders. Midas Vault. She turned back to Erin and said, "Just a hunch." She turned toward the vault entrance, took a deep breath, and led the way inside.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 29: The Midas Vault


It took a few moments for Valeria's innate night vision to turn on inside the dark cavern. She could hear the artifact whispering repeatedly as they descended, but tried to ignore it. Her right ankle suddenly began itching again, and Valeria tried to ignore this feeling too.

She noticed something on the ground and stopped. "Wait, don't move," she whispered. The metallic device on the ground was familiar; Hami had introduced her to smoke caltrops last week. Crouching down, she inspected the small cylinder but it had already been disarmed.

"What is it?" Erin whispered.

"Nothing," Valeria whispered back. "Let's keep going."

Valeria continued creeping down the cavern path until Erin stumbled behind her. She stopped and looked around, making sure they were alone before helping her up. "Here, hold my hand. I'll lead the way."

She felt an odd sensation when Erin's hand slipped into her own. The gold ring on her finger was warm to the touch, and the more she focused on this feeling, the more nauseous she became.

"What's wrong?" Erin asked.

The nausea was overwhelming, and Valeria had the urge to release her hand. But a voice in the back of her mind stopped her.

Don't let go. Please don't let go.

Don't let go. Please don't let go. The vertigo dissipated, leaving her groggy and confused. She wondered if the voice inside her head was Erin's, or her own. She continued to hold Erin's hand, her resolve and strength growing. It didn't matter if she was hearing voices; Erin was with her, and they were going to make it through this - together .

together She continued navigating the way through the rocky cavern passageway. Rocks crumbled along the ground behind them, forcing her to stop again. She turned and searched the cavern passage behind them again, but didn't see anyone.

"What is it?" Erin asked.

"Nothing," Valeria said, turning around. She continued to navigate them through the passageway, which descended into the opening of a massive cave. She straddled up to the opening and carefully peeked inside.

Her jaw dropped as she surveyed the massive underground cave and its contents. Mounds of gold and jewels were everywhere, some reaching toward the ceiling. From this vantage point, she noticed how the treasure created winding passageways toward the back of the cave, making it resemble a maze.

She was tempted to take off through it, but resisted when Frank's old advice crept back into her mind. Always check the room for all routes of escape before making a choice . Studying the room, she noticed only one route led to the clearing at the back of the room.

Always check the room for all routes of escape before making a choice "What are we waiting for?" Erin whispered.

"I'm finding the way to go," Valeria whispered back.

"Can I use my phone's flashlight?" Erin asked. "I can't see a thing down here."

"No," Valeria whispered. "That'll give us away. Hold my hand and stay close. Don't touch anything."

Don't "Why?"

Looking further down, Valeria noticed skeletal remains on the ground near the treasure, and swallowed a lump in the back of her throat. "Umm, just trust me. Don't touch anything."

Don't She led the way to the entrance of the maze and started navigating the way through. She gawked at the mounds of treasure and felt the urge to pocket some, but refrained. Respect is the ultimate currency. Footsteps shuffled behind them, forcing Valeria to turn around again . She looked around the dark path with her night vision, but no one was there.

Respect is the ultimate currency. again

Groaning, she turned and continued toward the back of the room, trying to ignore skeletal remains scattered along the ground. Two lefts, and then a right. The end of this path led to a clearing with two torches offering some illumination. Someone has definitely been here recently to light these, she thought to herself.

Two lefts, and then a right. Someone has definitely been here recently to light these, A massive gorge divided the clearing in two, with a drawbridge on the opposite side. The drawbridge was lifted, and there were no other ways to traverse the pitfall.

"I've seen that area before," Erin said, pointing across the gap.

Valeria followed her gaze, noticing a large stone structure supported by four massive columns. To reach that area, they needed to lower the drawbridge... somehow . She searched their side of the clearing and noticed an indentation in the wall twenty feet up. She backed up and observed a large stone lever within the indentation. "The lever to lower the bridge is up there," she said, pointing at it.

somehow "How the hell is someone supposed to get up there?" Erin asked. "There's no ladder or rope."

Valeria took out her Aegis' gloves, put them on and said, "Leave that to me. Get ready to cross the bridge." She walked over to the smooth cave wall and placed her right hand up on the wall. Right hand up...left foot up. Left hand up...right foot up. She took slow deep breaths as she climbed the wall's smooth surface.

Right hand up...left foot up. Left hand up...right foot up. "Wow!" Erin exclaimed below. "How are you doing that?"

Valeria ignored her and focused on her breathing. It took some effort, but she pulled herself up into the indentation with the lever. She looked down and said, "Get ready!"

Erin moved into position by the cliff edge opposite of the bridge, and offered a thumbs up.

Valeria pushed the stone lever with one hand, but it didn't budge. She leaned into it with her shoulder until it gave way, the drawbridge below descending with it. She held the lever down with the full weight of her body until the bridge finally lay across the gap. When she released the lever, it slowly ticked upward, and the drawbridge retracted upward in the same slow motion.

"Wait! I'm still on the bridge!" Erin yelled.

Valeria fell back on the lever, and the bridge descended a few ticks with Erin on it. She used the full weight of her body to hold the lever until Erin was across.

"I made it!" Erin yelled below. "Now what? You gonna climb down?!"

Shaking her head, Valeria knew that wouldn't work. The bridge would retract by the time she got down there. While holding the lever, she looked over the edge. The fall was about twenty feet, with the bridge sitting about ten feet away. A safety roll might allow her to catch the bridge in time, but she'd never been able to land one. Her breathing slowed, her mouth felt dry. She was going to land this damn safety roll - or die trying.

damn Counting to three, she let go of the lever and jumped off the ledge. She landed on her toes – just like Frank taught her – and rolled forward into a somersault. After finishing the roll, she turned and took hold of the bridge as it slowly ticked upward. She took deep breaths and used her elbows to hoist herself onto the bridge as it approached a forty-five degree angle. With one last breath, she swung her legs over and slid down the angled bridge like a slide. She hit the ground with both feet and fell forward into Erin's arms.

"Holy crap!" Erin exclaimed. "Are you alright?"

"Yeah. Let's not do that again," she added with a smile. Her gloves burned and felt itchy from climbing, so she removed them as Erin addressed her again.

"Well if it's any consolation," she said, her cheeks bright red, "that was maybe the coolest thing I've ever seen."

"Maybe you should get out more."



Erin laughed before pointing up ahead. "It's in there. Come on, I'll follow you."

Making sure to use the shadows, Valeria crept over to the large stone chamber. The ornate structure was supported by four massive columns, each decorated with elaborate artwork. At the very back of the room, two torches flickered along the wall and provided the only source of illumination. A stone pedestal stood unattended in the center of the open stone structure.

She tried to inspect the area from the outside, but Erin rushed inside without her, stopping in front of the pedestal. Valeria chased after her until they both stood in front of the pedestal at the center of the structure.

Erin searched the vacant, cobwebbed hole on top in a panicked frenzy. "It's supposed to be here! Why isn't it here?!"

"That's because the Artifacts show you what you want to see," a familiar voice echoed within the stone altar's open space. "Nothing they show you is a guarantee."

Valeria's eyes widened as Jada appeared from one of the columns behind them. "Jada!" she exclaimed, "your brother is here, and he stole the Artifact!"

"No I didn't," Dontrell said, stepping away from the other column behind them.

Her fists clenched as she turned toward him. A mixture of anger and fear gripped her as she studied his formidable figure. She cursed herself for failing to examine the whole area before rushing inside. It took a moment to process what he said, but her eyes widened with a newfound realization. Turning to Jada, she asked, "if he's not trying to steal the artifact, then who is?"

"You were right, Jada," a familiar voice said in front of them. "I'm sorry I doubted you."

Erin recognized this voice and turned toward it. "Father?!"

Valeria watched Mr. Tyrell step out from one of the columns ahead of them. He was dressed in formal attire, but held a gleaming sword by his side. He looked over to the last column, where a fourth person revealed themselves.

"Thank you for bringing this monster to us," Mrs. Tyrell said, her eyes settling on Valeria. She raised a gold plated staff and said, "we will end this conflict today!"

Valeria froze, paralyzed with fear. Her mind couldn't process what was happening, and she wondered if this was a hallucination. She was most likely about to die, but that didn't bother her as much as how it would happen. She was betrayed by everyone - everything she knew was a lie. She let go of Erin's hand, expecting her to turn against her.

how But she didn't.

didn't. Erin stepped in front of Valeria and shielded her. "No! She's not a monster!"

Jada and Dontrell removed their knives; Mr. Tyrell raised his sword.

"Now!" Jada yelled.

Mrs. Tyrell waived her staff and with a booming voice yelled, " Reveal Evil !"

Reveal Evil A bright light shot out from her staff and raced toward them. Valeria braced for impact, but instead of hitting them, the light struck an invisible humanoid object standing between them and Mrs. Tyrell. The invisible man recoiled as the light covered its body, and Jada, Dontrell, and Mr. Tyrell charged at him. But before they could reach him, the figure disappeared into a small puff of smoke. They met inside the stone altar and exchanged confused looks.

Jada's eyes widened as she yelled, "it was a decoy! Run!"

From where she stood inside the stone altar, Valeria watched a figure emerge from the shadows outside the four columns. The figure tossed a familiar cylindrical device into the altar, and it rolled along the floor where they all stood. That's a flashbang!

That's a flashbang!

She turned away before the flash, but not everyone was so lucky. Erin, Mr. and Mrs. Tyrell, and Dontrell all watched the device go off, and they screamed and covered their eyes. The device simultaneously released a small shockwave that knocked everyone to the ground.

Dazed and disoriented like a soldier witnessing an explosion, she crawled outside the stone altar. She lay supine with Erin to her right and Jada to her left. Dontrell, Mr. Tyrell and Mrs. Tyrell lay at the opposite side of the stone altar, crawling around blindly outside it. The pedestal at the center had been reduced to rubble, and each of the four columns appeared cracked. Their assailant entered the altar and searched each of his blinded victims with a slow and methodical manner.

Her vision was still blurred, but Valeria recognized this asshole. He was the Rogue they saw in the backyard. The black clad figure faced away from them, but at this close range, Valeria realized this figure didn't look like any Rogue she had seen so far. He wore strange, thick plated armor different from the leather Aegis donned by Rogues. "That's the Rogue I saw outside our house," Valeria whispered to Jada.

"That is no Rogue," Jada whispered back, slowly reaching her feet.

The figure in black turned toward them, his hood and mask obscuring his face. He reached in his pocket and removed a small stone cylinder, and it emitted a fiery red glow within the figure's palm. He reached out toward Jada with his free hand, and she screamed and clutched her chest like a woman having a heart attack. She reached in her pocket with one hand, the other tried to resist.

"I won't let you have it!" Jada protested. But her efforts were in vain, as her arm seemed to have a mind of its own. She removed a small glowing black cylinder from her pocket and held it up. The figure beckoned for this object, and it flew through the air and landed in his hand.

"No!" Jada screamed. The figure pocketed the two glowing cylinders with one hand, while the other reached out toward Jada, gripping nothing but air. She writhed and clutched her chest as the figure reached out to her, but this all stopped when Mr. Tyrell burst into the altar with his sword raised.

"Let go of her you bastard!" he yelled with a booming voice.

The shadow released his grip on Jada and turned toward Mr. Tyrell. It removed a small black knife and deflected a blow from Mr. Tyrell's sword.

Entranced, Valeria watched the two of them dance around the altar, their blades releasing flashes of light each time they crossed. While tempted to watch this spectacle play out, Valeria decided to check on Jada. She was unconscious, but alive. "Help her!" Valeria yelled as Erin crawled next to them

"What about my father?" Erin asked, her face pale as a ghost.

Valeria grabbed Erin's hand. "Please help her!" Erin's ring felt warm in her palm again. Her head spun, her palm blistered with heat. We can stop him together.

We can stop him together. She shook her head, trying to shake the feeling off. Maybe holding hands with Erin allowed the two to speak telepathically. And yet, Valeria couldn't tell if this voice was Erin's, her imagination, or something else. She freed one of her hands to check Jada, who was still unconscious. A familiar white dagger with a blue jeweled hilt was clearly visible on her belt. If I take that knife, I will become the Sovereign.

If I take that knife, I will become the Sovereign. "Let go of me!" Erin shouted, trying to release her hand. "He needs my help!"

Valeria tried to let go of her hand - but couldn't . Their hands were inseparable, like someone had super glued them together.

couldn't Frustrated, Erin turned away from her and started chanting a spell with her free hand. The ground trembled below them, and the tremors created more cracks within the stone columns. The roof of the altar started to crumble above the two combatants, who failed to notice.

Valeria continued to hold Erin's hand with her right - but couldn't resist the urge to reach for Jada's dagger with her left.

" It's right there ," a familiar voice whispered. " Just take it ."

It's right there Just take it On any other day, Valeria would question if she was going insane. But with no other options available, she tried to zone out the chaos. She reached out with her free hand, her fingers closing around the blade's ivory handle and felt a jolt. Her entire body was on fire; her hands, chest, and ankle pulsed with a feeling that could only be described as electric. An internal debate wracked her brain; she was on the verge of stealing Jada's Sovereignty. Part of her wanted to indulge her worst impulses, part of her didn't. There, in that moment, her discussion with Erin under the white pine came back to her.

"Stop saying that." Erin had said. "I have always been able to detect evil, and I didn't see any in you."

Exhaling, Valeria knew she was right. She couldn't steal Jada's title, but she still felt a strange sense of newfound power as she sat there, her hands connected to Jada and Erin.

"No!" Erin screamed.

Valeria looked up with horror. Mr. Tyrell clutched the knife in his chest; his sword released a clanging sound as it hit the floor. The shadow kicked him backward, sending his crumpled form sailing backward out of the altar. The commotion hadn't stopped Erin from channeling her spell, but Valeria noticed the tears in her eyes as she continued chanting under her breath.

With their adversary only a few feet away, Valeria looked over at him and had an overwhelming sense of nostalgia. A familiar dialogue played in the back of her mind, and she wondered if this was Erin's voice, the strange voice, or her own.

I've been alone for such a long time. I finally have people I care about, and I don't want to let them go . I won't let you take them from me.

I've been alone for such a long time. I finally have people I care about, and I don't want to let them go I won't let you take them from me. A brilliant flash of light obscured her vision, and her ears were overwhelmed by the sound of stone columns crashing around them. The entire structure appeared to collapse on top of the shadowy figure, but Valeria couldn't be entirely sure, as the blinding light and thundering noise reached a fever pitch before she blacked out.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 30: Deja Vu


Valeria wasn't sure how much time passed by - maybe a minute, maybe a year – before her mind returned from the void. She saw an assortment of intertwined memories, and it became difficult to separate past, present, and future. The first memory to manifest was one from her childhood.

Her father was outside their small villa in El Salvador, looking up at the night sky. He pointed at the moon while holding her with his free arm, tracing stars across the night sky. "Mira, Valeria, los planetos estan fuera esta noche magnifico." Look, Valeria, the planets are visible on this beautiful night. "Luna, Jupiter, Saturno, y Venus."

Look, Valeria, the planets are visible on this beautiful night. Her five year old self turned toward her father with a toothy grin. "Venus comienza con una V. Como mi nombre." Venus begins with a V, like my name.

Venus begins with a V, like my name. Her father nudged her cheek with his nose. "Si, lleva el nombre de la diosa del amor." That's right, it's named after the goddess of love.

That's right, it's named after the goddess of love. Her younger self laughed. "Diosa del amor, es tonto." Goddess of love? That's dumb.

Goddess of love? That's dumb. Her father shook his head. "Nunca subestimes el poder del amor." Never underestimate the power of love. He tickled her, and as she giggled, he added, "Siempre te amo." I will always love you.

Never underestimate the power of love. I will always love you. Valeria wished she could stay there with her father, but the memory changed and he reappeared on the ground, motionless. She tried to shake him awake, but he wouldn't move. Her eyes moistened with tears as the memory flashed forward again.

She was a teenager on the streets, starving and barely making it day by day. She was neglected, abandoned, and riddled with despair. There were so many times when Valeria felt like giving up, but she always heard her parent's voices in the back of her mind. When she ended up at the girl's detention center in Camden, New Jersey for the first time at age thirteen, she would lie awake in bed and look for Venus in the night sky. She ventured in and out of this detention center over the years, finding herself trapped there for non-violent offenses.

The memory shifted to one of her earlier visits. Valeria slouched back in her chair, surrounded by a circle of other delinquent girls attending a group therapy session. This was her first time attending therapy at age fourteen; she didn't know anyone around her as she rarely made an effort to socialize anymore.

"Valeria," the therapist said, "I asked you a question. Can you give us an answer?"

Staring at the floor, she offered her response. "No one cares about me. Okay? No one is waiting for me on the outside."

The therapist coughed. "That's not true. You've just been hurt and have shut yourself off from the world. But just when you think love is gone, it will find its way back to you."

"You sound like my dad," she said, rolling her eyes. "He always used to say never underestimate the power of love . But I'm an adult now, and I know love is a myth like Santa Claus. You're wasting your time, lady."

never underestimate the power of love The therapist coughed, adjusted her glasses, and leaned forward. This time around, she seemed... familiar.

familiar. "You are not an adult," the therapist said, her tone authoritative. "You are just a girl . You will find people to care about soon enough. In fact, I'll bet people will compete with each other for the chance to adopt you. I know I would."

girl I Valeria looked up and studied the woman's smooth dark complexion. While she didn't recognize this woman back then, she couldn't mistake her face now.

Jada?!

Jada?! Was this her imagination, or was she really there two years ago? She didn't get a chance to process this as her memory fast-forwarded again. Now she sat across from Frank at the diner after they left the detention center. Jada must have sent him there!

Jada must have sent him there!

Her anger grew as the memory flashed ahead to the accommodation ceremony. Frank had announced his desire to welcome her into their home. Jada had slapped him across the face as she screamed, "you signed us up without consulting me? Make your case to me, the girl, and everyone here. Why should she stay with us?"

Valeria watched the memory with a newfound realization; Jada knew they would be competing for her adoption two years ago. Her angry performance was just a lie. Her head throbbed as time caught up to recent events. She was in the Midas Vault with Erin when Jada revealed herself behind one of the columns.

Jada must have known she would lead Erin there. All the movies about thieves seducing and manipulating righteous characters suddenly made sense. She wanted Valeria to grow close to Erin. She gave Valeria all the clues she needed to enter the vault. But there was one question she couldn't understand.

Why?

Why? Valeria covered her head with her hands as the weight of these revelations bore down on her soul. She felt angry, hurt, and most of all - betrayed . She trusted Jada to serve as her mentor, guardian, and replacement mother figure. Instead, Jada had deceived her, lied, and almost gotten Valeria and her friends killed. The pain of all these memories amplified exponentially like a television turned up to full volume.

betrayed She covered her ears and screamed for the noise to stop. She felt trapped within her anger and despair - until a familiar voice cut through the darkness.

"It's always all about you , isn't it?"

you It felt like a switch had turned off; everything became silent and still. When Valeria opened her eyes and studied her surroundings, she felt a combination of nostalgia and fear.

and She lay on her cot within the girl's detention center. The same disgusting asbestos covered ceiling was above, unchanged over the past two years. The bookshelf with her collection of worn paperback novels was there too.

"It was all a dream ?" Valeria asked with surprise and remorse. While the sting of Jada's betrayal was fresh in her mind, the idea that she wasn't real - that maybe none of it was real - was far worse.

dream and none "Without Jada and me," the familiar voice said, it's soft and firm voice echoing around the small room, "this would still be your home."

"Who are you?" Valeria asked, sitting upright in her cot and looking around the room with a frown. "What do you want?"

Laughter .

Laughter "Who are you, and what do you want?" the voice asked.

Sighing, she said, "I'm nothing but a useless pawn." The thought enraged her, and she stood and shook her fist at the ceiling. "That's all I am to you! To everyone!"

More laughter. "If you say so. But then again..."

More laughter. Valeria almost fell backward as the setting transformed, different memories materializing all around her.

Laughing with her nerdy friends as they played D&D.

Laughing with her nerdy friends as they played D&D. Sai trying to kiss her at the bowling alley.

Sai trying to kiss her at the bowling alley. Holding Erin's hand as they traveled into the Midas Vault

Holding Erin's hand as they traveled into the Midas Vault Hugging Frank back at their house.

Hugging Frank back at their house. Looking over at the Statue of Liberty with Jada.

Looking over at the Statue of Liberty with Jada. That particular memory slowed down, and Valeria remembered the words Jada uttered to her that day. "That's what I see in her, and what I see in you."

"Then why did you lie to me?!" Valeria screamed, but she knew her attempt was in vain. She didn't expect the memory of Jada to respond - but was completely shocked when she did.



"Maybe I didn't want to lie to you," Jada said. "Maybe I had a reason. Did you ever stop to wonder what I was going through?"

Valeria couldn't think of a sarcastic retort for this one. Now, more than ever, she wanted to know why Jada would orchestrate such an elaborate ruse. "What were you dealing with?"

Jada didn't reply, and the memory faded to a void filled with a soft white light. Warmth enveloped her as the voice spoke again.

"Maybe you should ask her when you wake up. You two are more similar than you realize, but you have so much more potential ."

you potential "I will ask her," Valeria replied cautiously, "If you tell me who you are."

"The Shadow remains nameless, and so shall I. Continue to put your compassion before your ego , Valeria Torres, and we'll be destined to meet again. "

compassion ego She wanted to ask a series of follow up questions, but never got the chance as everything faded to black once again.

#

Unlike her previous period of unconsciousness, this one didn't last long. Her head throbbed and she wheezed every time she breathed, but she was alive. Unfamiliar voices were speaking nearby and she slowly opened her eyes.

They were in the backroom of the Midas Vault, the collapsed stone altar in front of them. Erin lay unconscious to her right, their hands clasped together. Near the rubble, Dontrell, Jada, and Mrs. Tyrell huddled next to a group of men and women dressed like paramedics. They were all busy securing Mr. Tyrell to a stretcher.

"He's lost a lot of blood, but he's stable for now," a male paramedic said.

"Is he going to make it?" Jada asked, her voice quivering as she placed an arm around Mrs. Tyrell.

"I don't know," Mrs. Tyrell whimpered, leaning against Jada for support. "That monster's weapon blocks any healing, so he'll need surgery. You're sure we can't remove it?"

"We left the weapon in," one of the paramedics said, "it punctured his lung. Taking it out could make him bleed out or go into shock. Let's move!"

The three paramedics lifted the stretcher and allowed its wheels to hit the floor. They started to wheel him away, but Mrs. Tyrell ordered them to stop.

"I can't leave him!"

"You can't leave Erin either," Jada added, trying to console her. "They should both be up soon, right?" she asked, looking their way.

"Yes, Sovereign," a paramedic replied. "I checked them. They're unconscious, but alive. We'll come back for them after we evacuate Mr. Tyrell."

Valeria tried to announce she was awake, but her throat was raw and an inaudible murmur escaped her lips. Her limbs were weak, and she was still unable to move. She would have complained more about her current state, but her eyes settled on Mr. Tyrell, his body strapped to a stretcher. She felt an overwhelming sense of survivor's guilt. They all could have ended up on stretchers today. The three paramedics struggled to move the stretcher until Dontrell grabbed a hold and helped them.

"I already lowered the bridge," he said, nodding at his sister. "I'll help them carry him through the maze. It's the least I can do."

"Can I really trust him with you?" Mrs. Tyrell asked, her voice uneven.

Dontrell shook his head. "As much as I'd love to put Lawrence out of his misery, I won't. Luckily for you, my sister saved my life as kids, and I always promised to pay her back. She cashed in her chips today, so no, I won't kill either of you this time. But don't count on it if we ever meet again." He nodded again, breathing heavily as he helped the paramedics carry the stretcher across the bridge.



"Keep me updated on his condition," Jada called after him. She turned to Mrs. Tyrell and said, "So, Elmyra, do you have an answer? My faction will search the rubble, but do you think that monster is gone?"

"It's possible our protégé killed him. She is the Chosen Savior."

"Can you talk to your faction?" Jada asked, massaging her temples. "Can you make sure all of this wasn't in vain?"

"I can try, but it won't be easy."

"Anything worth having shouldn't come easy," Jada snapped. "There's too much at stake. If that monster got away, it'll be up to us to stop it. All of us." Her voice shifted to a somber tone as she continued with, "We - no - I have sacrificed too much to let this all be for nothing!"

All I too much "Don't talk to me about sacrifice," Mrs. Tyrell said, her lips forming a thin line. "You have no idea -"

"Enough!" Jada exclaimed. "The children are waking up."

Erin stirred next to Valeria. Groaning, her hazel eyes opened and focused on her own. "Are we dead?" she whispered.

"No. You saved us."

You Erin shook her head. "Are you sure? It was all a blur," she said, her eyes widening, "but I could have sworn I saw –"

"Erin!" Mrs. Tyrell cried, dropping down beside her. "Are you hurt? Is there anything I can –"

"I'm fine Mom," Erin said, sitting up with her mother's support.

Valeria sat up and noticed Jada studying her. As their eyes met, her mind drifted back to the odd dream she endured while unconscious. Feelings of anger and betrayal crept up the back of her throat, but she swallowed them back down. Forcing a smile, she asked, "aren't you going to help me up?"

"Don't count on it, girl," Jada quipped. "Pick yourself up."

Valeria stood and waited next to Jada as Erin and Mrs. Tyrell approached them.

"Very well, Peaches," Mrs. Tyrell said, her arm around Erin's shoulder. "Is it safe to assume you will let us leave your Headquarters as easily as we entered?"

"Of course, ET," Jada said, her tone light. "Is it safe to assume you will keep your word and work with us to stop this new threat? Maybe even get your faction to work with us on other important matters?"

Mrs. Tyrell started to choke up. "I will promise to do what I can. It may not matter if Lawrence doesn't..."

"He will pull through, Elmyra. He has to," Jada said, her voice softer than usual. "Let's get out of here." She led the way out of the Midas Vault, with Mrs. Tyrell, Erin, and Valeria following behind.

has No one said a word as they marched, the silence interrupted with intermittent sobs from Mrs. Tyrell. The atmosphere reminded Valeria of a funeral procession. Mrs. Tyrell was a wreck, Erin wasn't much better. Her shoulders slouched forward and she crossed her arms against her chest. She looked as pale as a ghost, and her eyes focused on her feet as she walked.

Valeria wanted to say something. She wanted to offer comfort, but no words came to mind. By the time they reached the exit of the Midas Vault, it was too late.

"Erin, say goodbye to your friend." Mrs. Tyrell said.

Erin turned toward her and avoided eye contact. "Goodbye, Valeria. I guess I'll see you in school on Monday."

"Umm," Valeria said, the notion of returning to school implausible after what just transpired. "See you Monday, I guess."

"This is Hami," Jada said, introducing the Bounty Hunter Master. "He will escort you and Erin out." She turned toward Mrs. Tyrell and her voice cracked. "Please keep me updated on his condition, Elmyra. If he takes a turn for the worse..."

"I will let you know," Mrs. Tyrell interrupted. "I know how important your negotiations were. I want peace as much as he does –"

"It's not just about that!" Jada snapped. "He's my friend, Elmyra. I've known him longer than you, and he means more to me than you'll ever know. So, if it looks like he won't make it, please give me the chance to say goodbye. Is that too much to ask?"

Mrs. Tyrell studied her for a moment. "No, it's not. Goodbye, Jada."

"Goodbye," Jada said, her tone emotional. After Hami led them away, she wiped tears from her eyes, exhaled, and muttered something under her breath.

To Valeria, it sounded like she was scolding herself. She had never seen Jada in such a raw and emotional state like this before. She had always been emotionless and invulnerable, but something had changed.

something Jada turned and took a step toward her - but Valeria instinctively took a step back. They stared at each other without saying a word for a long uncomfortable moment. The sting of betrayal still lingered, and Valeria was tempted to scream at her, but didn't. Continue to put your compassion above your ego, the voice had said. Exhaling, she locked eyes with her and said, "I'm assuming you want to talk."

Continue to put your compassion above your ego, "Yes, I do," she said with clenched fists. "But let's take care of your friends first. Then we'll talk in my chambers."

"Umm, okay." This wasn't new. Jada always delivered ultimatums. She was tempted to refuse and ask for an explanation here and now. But she was distracted as they heard voices from the Training Hall nearby.

"I know you guys all have a bunch of questions," Frank said, his voice carrying through the air. "I will try to answer what I can –"

"If you guys are real," James cut in excitedly, "Are dragons real too? Have you ever fought one?!"

"Uhh," Frank muttered, "That's gonna be a no. I'm pretty sure if there were giant fire breathing reptiles flying around, people would know about it."

"Aww come on man! What about Werewolves or Vampires..."

Valeria chuckled, her anger dissipating for a brief moment. She needed some time with her friends. She needed to spend time with people who made her feel good, and right now, Jada wasn't one of them.

"Come on, girl," she whispered, pointing at the training hall. "Stay silent and follow me."

Valeria followed her toward the training hall's entrance. They moved through the shadows without making a sound, trying to avoid the commotion as Rogues dressed in Aegis and civilian attire bustled about. Her anger was still roiling, but that would have to wait. For now, she needed to follow Jada and make sure she didn't murder her friends.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 31: Stay or Go


Within the Training Hall, medical personnel tended to Xun and Sai, while James, Roberta, Jon, and Penny converged around Frank. A bounty hunter restrained Brigitte, who was gagged and blindfolded, but that didn't stop her from trying to fight and thrash about with muffled screams.

Frank noticed them coming and embraced Jada. The two held each other while Roberta, Jon and James converged around Valeria. She ignored them and walked right up to Sai. "Are you alright," she asked, inspecting his face.

He had a cut above his eye, but he seemed otherwise unharmed . "I've been better," he said with a toothy grin. "Did you stop the bad guy?"

Sighing, she said, "He got away. But Erin and I made it out alive, so there's that."

"True," Roberta said. "If you hadn't made us come here, Sai would have died."

"I've just got to say," James said, grinning ear to ear, "this is the best day of my life, finding this place. No one will ever believe me if I told –"

"No one will ever know," Dontrell said, catching everyone off guard as he entered the Training Hall, "because I have to kill you all. The Faction Charter says all outsiders that discover us need to be eliminated."

kill Valeria stared at him wide eyed. She had worried Jada might harm her friends and completely forgot about Dontrell. Her heart rate spiked as she looked to Frank and Jada for help, but relaxed a little when Frank winked at her.

James, Roberta and Jon all dropped to their knees and started pleading for their lives. Sai looked concerned, but too exhausted to grovel.

A faint smirk crossed Dontrell's lips as he removed a pistol from his belt and cocked it. "I mean, I don't know what to tell you kids. Rules are rules."

are "You can't be serious!" Roberta screamed.

"But we helped stop that crazy woman!" Jon protested.

"I can't die after finding out about this place!" James pleaded, kneeling in front of Dontrell. "I'm still a virgin man come on –"

virgin "Well, as sad as that sounds," Dontrell said, his smirk widening , "we can't have outsiders running around talking about our faction –"

"We won't say anything," Jon interrupted, his shoulders twitching. "Right guys?"

"Of course not," Roberta added.

"How about you," Dontrell asked, pointing the pistol at James. He was a pale sweaty mess, and looked like he was about to faint.

"Never. Not a word."

"Well," Dontrell said, his voice hinting at a sudden change of heart. "Since you helped capture a traitor in my guild, I'll leave your fate up to the Sovereign. How about it, Sis? Yay or nay?"

Frank held Jada within his embrace, and she broke away for a moment to offer a thumbs up.

"Oh thank God!" James exclaimed.

Jada turned to them, a scowl across her face. "We'll let you go for now. If you tell anyone about anything you've seen today, my brother will hunt you down. Understood?"

anything They all agreed.

"Penny," Jada said, "please escort our guests outside."

Jon, Roberta, and James all waved goodbye to Valeria. Sai stopped by her last. "Thanks for saving me again. See you in school Monday?"

"See you Monday." She wanted to see him earlier than that. She wanted to embrace in the same way Frank embraced Jada, but now wasn't the best time. But don't worry, Sai, she thought, watching him walk away. I will make time for you later . Once they were gone, she turned to Dontrell and frowned. "What the hell is wrong with you? Threatening a bunch of kids with a loaded gun?"

I will make time for you later

Grinning, he stepped beside her and held up the pistol, which clearly didn't have a magazine inserted. "Who said the gun was loaded?"

"You're such an asshole, " Frank said with a laugh.

asshole, "I thought that one kid was gonna puke on me," Dontrell mocked. "You know how hard these Aegis suits are to clean, right?"

"Wait a minute," Valeria said. "I thought you hated each other."

"Hate's a strong word," Frank said. "He's an asshole and gets on my nerves a lot, but that's what brothers do."

brothers "So you were part of Jada's plan all along," Valeria asked, turning back to Dontrell.

"Not at first. I wanted you in my guild, despite my sister's protests."

"Wait, what?" Frank asked.

"I overheard you talking to Brigitte," Valeria said, pressing on. "You wanted her to follow someone?"

"I asked him to follow Penny," Jada said. "She was meeting a lot of unsavory types in bars the past two weeks. I thought either Penny or Brigitte was the traitor."

"I passed that assignment off to Brigitte," Dontrell groaned. "I told her to forget her original assignment - a potential terrorist - and to follow Penny. Sorry, sis, but I had better things to do than follow that sl–"

"Stupid girl," Jada cut in. "Turns out Penny was just being a very friendly person. While my brother was supposed to follow Penny, Frank was giving me reports about Brigitte."

friendly supposed Valeria looked over at Frank with surprise. "You said I should keep Brigitte's attack a secret!"

Frank shrugged his shoulders. "I was just doing what I was told. I actually texted Jada when you first told me you got hit by a car -"

"But I told him what to do," Jada interrupted. "I wanted you to think I didn't know, when I really did. Keeping you in the dark - both of you - was integral for my plan," she said, exchanging glances between Valeria and Frank.

Valeria paused and locked eyes with Jada. Suddenly it all made sense. She knew Jada was trying to manipulate not only her, but everyone around her to make sure future events played out in a certain way. She was still angry about being lied to, but felt a little better knowing she wasn't the only one.

"While I had my suspicions," Jada said, "the artifact never directly revealed the traitor in our Faction...over here." She removed the rag from Brigitte's mouth. "You and I have much to talk about."

Brigitte tried to spit at her, but Jada was too quick and stepped aside. She laughed and said, "You weak fool. You have no idea what the master has planned. But when the plan succeeds and the world is divided in half, we shall see who stands where."

Jada crossed her arms against her chest. "Get this piece of garbage out of my sight. I will deal with her later."

"Good riddance!" Xun cheered with one arm, the other set in a sling. As the guards escorted Brigitte away, she walked over to Valeria and placed a hand on her shoulder. "I'm going to the infirmary. Come find me later, okay? We can talk about what happened," she whispered, her face slowly erupting into a smile, "or we can talk about more important things, like the Runner position on my team. You decide," she said, waving as she left with one of the medics.

important You "So," Frank said, exchanging glances between Valeria and Jada, "are you going to tell us what happened?"

"Dontrell will fill you in," Jada said, her gaze focused on Valeria. "I need to speak with Valeria in private. Follow me."

She didn't want to follow her. Her body ached and her head throbbed after everything that transpired. She needed to eat, sleep, and smoke some weed. But most of all, she needed space .

space For the second time in her life, Valeria had lost all faith in a foster parent. Her previous foster parents had sold her out – literally . Her foster father had treated her like a piece of property; her body was on the table to the highest bidder. When she left the detention center for the first time two years ago, she wasn't welcomed into a new family. She was forced into slavery.

literally After a year of abuse, it felt like her body couldn't take any more. She felt like she might collapse inside herself like a house of cards. And yet, she found the strength to escape, survive, and endure the streets. She swore to never allow herself to be used again, but then Frank appeared at the detention center. She was so skeptical of him, so worried of becoming a pawn again. Her instincts proved correct, but she had picked the wrong parent.

"Why should I?" Valeria asked, her voice trembling. "You used me, just like he did."

" What? " Frank asked, the concern in his voice palpable.

What? "Not here ," Jada hissed. "We can talk in private –"

here Everyone stopped what they were doing; all eyes were on them. Valeria crossed her arms against her chest, refusing to concede. "I'm not moving. Why should I? What can you possibly offer me?"

"The truth," Jada said with a sigh. "But I'm not telling my secrets to everyone here. I'm going to my chambers. If you want the truth, you'll have to follow me." She turned and left the training hall without turning back.

Valeria stood there a moment, contemplating her options. Part of her wanted to leave this place and never come back. If she remained a Rogue, she would always be a pawn in Jada's game, and that made her feel small.

But then there was the other half of the equation. She turned and noticed Frank, who stood there watching her, a genuine look of concern across his face. If Jada made her feel small, he made her feel the opposite. She wouldn't go as far as saying she needed him. Quite the opposite. She was a survivor and could make her own way in the world. And while she could leave him behind; she didn't want to.

and could And thus, there was no alternative. She would have to confront Jada.

"Listen, kiddo," Frank said, trying to break the uneasy silence. "Let's just talk –"

"Stay here," she said, her tone firm. "I need to go talk to her. I'll be back."

"Good luck," Dontrell said, his tone sarcastic. "Don't worry Pip-squeak, the girl can handle herself. We have a lot to talk about."

Valeria closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She knew the truth wasn't going to be easy, but nothing worth having in life ever is. And with that thought in mind, she left the training hall.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 32: The Hard Truth


Valeria took a slow deep breath as they entered the Sovereign chambers, which remained mostly unchanged since her first visit two weeks ago.

"You came," Jada said, hands on her hips. "I wasn't sure if you would. But here we are again." She walked over to the liquor cabinet and poured herself a glass of wine. "Care for a glass of wine this time?"

Valeria shook her head. "Still underage, Sovereign."

Jada took a gulp from her glass and turned. "Alright, let's do the questions again. I can imagine you have more than three questions you want to ask this time. I can't promise to answer everything, but I will answer what I can."

Unlike the first time she entered this room, Valeria took a moment to think of her first question. While the urge to call Jada out on her lies was tempting, she knew there was a bigger question that needed answering. "Who was the Rogue that attacked us?"

Jada shook her head. "I'm not sure who he is, but I know he was no Rogue. That was a Shadow Knight ."

Shadow Knight Valeria raised an eyebrow. "What's that? Some kind of Faction?"

"Shadow Knights do not belong to any faction or group of people. They are lone wolves who feed off chaos, destruction, and death. Like us Rogues, they draw their power from the shadows and the dark, but unlike us, they seek to destroy the world, rather than remain hidden within it."

Valeria sat in silence, overwhelmed by this new information. She completely forgot about Jada's betrayal as she absorbed every word and was both fascinated and terrified to learn about this villainous figure. She took her time before asking her next question. "What are the Artifacts? Can they be used to stop him?"

and Jada finished a sip from her glass and laughed with a hint of futility. "Oh Valeria, how I wish I knew those answers. No one knows exactly what the artifacts are, but we know they are ancient - as in BC – before Christ. No one knows all of their secrets. One thing I do know – holding an artifact while focusing on a certain goal, will show you future events that increase the likelihood of achieving that goal."

what Valeria was about to ask for clarification, but Jada continued. "So, for example, when I touched the Rogue Artifact back when I was your age, I wanted, more than anything, to find a way for the Rogue and Celestial Factions to achieve peace. Back then, I was still close with my childhood friend Lawrence Tyrell, even though we had been whisked away to opposing groups. Uniting our factions to serve the common good has always been my goal, and every time I touched the artifact, It showed me future events leading toward what I always wanted; Lawrence and I fighting a common enemy... together ."

together Jada's voice cracked on the last word, and her hands trembled as she fumbled the wine glass in her hands. She turned away before the rest of her emotions seeped out. She cursed under her breath and slammed the wine glass down on the table. "I'm such an idiot ," she grumbled.

idiot "Well," Valeria replied with a hint of sarcasm, "I guess that's true, because your plan didn't work. Speaking of which - why didn't it work?"

why "My nearly perfect plan had one flaw," Jada said with a sigh, "one I was unable to foresee. The Shadow Knight possessed an Artifact himself, and clearly anticipated our ambush. He already prepared a shadow double – a type of decoy – to fool us. Only now do I realize the problem with my plan. I desperately wanted a way for our factions to unite and work together – and wasn't able to use my artifact to see past that. The Shadow Knight wanted a second Artifact for himself, and this allowed him to foresee beyond our two factions simply working together. He and his devotee, Brigitte, used their artifact to envision a future where they could turn our trap against us. Now my dream of an alliance is dead, and my best friend might suffer a similar fate." She choked up again as she muttered, "It was all for nothing ."

shadow double nothing

Valeria suddenly felt the anger slowly creeping back. "Nothing, huh? I guess that's how you felt about using Erin and me as pawns. You fed me movies, clues, and skills that would allow us to get inside, because you knew the Shadow Knight would follow us in there."

"Correct," Jada said without turning around, her tone guttural. "Like powerful Rogues, Shadow Knights can become invisible within the dark, and I foresaw a perfect chance for my friend and me to ambush a common enemy, who should have been captured easily. I thought a combined victory against such a vile enemy would be enough to unite our factions and usher in a new age."

"I see," Valeria said, massaging her chin. "So, was all of this to stop a faction war? Or, was it about you trying to rekindle feelings with an old friend?"

you friend?" Jada turned and met her eyes. The sobbing emotional wreck of a woman had completely transformed into something familiar. Relatable .

Relatable Valeria recognized the anger and fear staring daggers back and her and smiled. She had finally found a weakness under all that armor. "Does Frank know about your side bang ?"

side bang "Shut up!" Jada snapped. "You don't know anything about me."

anything "I know you're a liar," Valeria continued, a smile across her face. "I wonder how long you've been lying to Frank..."

There was a flash of movement, but even Valeria couldn't keep up with it. Hands closed around her throat, and she struggled to breathe as she was pushed against the wall. She tried to wriggle free, but Jada was too strong. She leaned close; her teeth barred like a wolf ready to devour its prey.

"You don't know a damn thing about me," Jada hissed. "If you ever disrespect me or the men I care about again, I will put you back where I found you. Got it?"

damn Valeria grasped the hands around her neck and tried to resist, but the lack of oxygen was taking its toll. Spots danced in front of her eyes and her vision dimmed. She had always been afraid of Jada, now more than ever.

But that would not stop her.

would not She headbutted Jada with the last of her strength. The move worked, as the hands around her neck released and oxygen found its way back into her lungs. She assumed a crude defensive stance, but this proved unnecessary.

Staring at her hands, Jada looked like she might break down again. But she bit her lip, stood up straight, and crossed her arms against her chest. "That was a test," she said, her voice uneven. "And you proved stronger than I thought -"

"Stop lying!" Valeria exclaimed. "You just tried to choke me out! If you're not going to apologize, at least own up to your shit!"

"What is going on here?" Frank asked as he entered the room.

"Nothing," Jada said, trying to remain calm. "This doesn't concern you."

"Valeria's wellbeing is my concern," he said, his tone defiant.

is Valeria took slow, labored breaths, trying to regain her bearings. She wondered if Frank was really here, or if this was another hallucination. Part of her hoped his concern was genuine. But another part was skeptical and wondered if he was complicit in Jada's plan.

"She's fine," Jada said, her arms crossed.

"Are you okay, kiddo?" Frank asked as he approached.

When he got close, she pushed him away. "Don't call me that! Stop acting like my Dad. You used me, just like her."

Frank shook his head. "No, I didn't." Turning to Jada, he said, "I didn't know what was going on either. She lied to me too."

"Oh please," Jada said, rolling her eyes. "Stop acting so hurt. You know me better than anyone, babe. You should understand what I was trying to do."



"You've always been able to see the big picture," Frank said, his tone affectionate. "I've always loved that about you. It's one of your greatest strengths - but it can also be your worst flaw."

"Flaw?!" Jada exclaimed. "Bullshit. I want to fix this shitty world. I learned the truth from an early age. You want to make an omelet? You need to break some eggs. I might have hurt her feelings a little bit, but Valeria is a strong young woman – she'll recover."

Valeria shook her head. "You don't get it. You used me, Jada. My previous foster parents didn't give a shit about me, and neither do you. I was just a sacrifice to help your plan succeed."

used Jada glared at her. "You don't know anything about sacrifice."

Valeria noticed Jada's tense posture and felt her own muscles clenching. She felt the urge to grab the woman's shoulders and scream, why did you lie to me? How could you do this to me?

why did you lie to me? How could you do this to me? But she didn't.

She remembered what the voice had said. It had asked if she could put compassion above her own ego. It had hinted that Jada had a reason to lie. She must have had her own personal burden, and only one thing came to mind.

Her daughter's death.

Her daughter's death. "When I was unconscious," Valeria said, trying to contain her anger, "I had some flashbacks. I saw you at the detention center two years ago. Were you really there?"

"Wait, what?!" Frank exclaimed. "You knew about her before I did? That anonymous tip about her weeks ago - that was all your doing?!"

anonymous "Maybe," Jada said, ignoring her husband's outburst. She turned to Valeria. "So I knew about you two years ago. Does it matter?"

Of course, it mattered. Jada abandoned Valeria two years ago. She was left alone to suffer homelessness, the detention center, and her previous foster family, where she endured painful trauma. Horrible experiences that scarred her for life.

"It does," Valeria said, her voice quivering. "You said the artifact showed you events that led up to today. You knew what would happen to me two years ago, as you knew I'd eventually become your protégé."

"I see where this is going," Jada said with a bitter sigh. She turned to the table nearby and took a sip of wine. "I knew you'd figure this out. Go ahead and get your accusation out of the way."

Valeria bit her lip, as Jada's offer was tempting. It was enticing for Valeria to recount her trauma, and make Jada feel guilty about it.

Compassion.

Compassion. "Two years ago," Valeria continued aloud, "Your daughter was still alive. And yet, you knew I'd be your protégé. You once told me – a Rogue family can only have one child, or one protégé. So...did you know your daughter was going to die before she got sick? If so, I'm sorry. I can't imagine what that's like."

Frank exchanged nervous glances between the two of them. "Is that true ?"

true Jada turned toward her, eyes moistening with tears. "Wow. Just when I think I have you figured out - you pull a fast one on me, girl. I didn't expect you to say that."

"So it's true," Valeria said, trying to contain her anger. Now she understood why Jada had orchestrated the lie. "To achieve your goal - you knew I'd replace your daughter. I wondered why you wouldn't give a shit about me. You hate me because I had to take her place."

hate "No!" Jada protested with unbridled raw emotion. "I don't hate you. I never have. I was angry with God for a long time, but then, I realized Bianca's death might not have been his fault. When the artifact finally showed you as my protégé two years ago, it didn't show me how Bianca would die. I did everything I could to get my daughter medically examined, kept her safe from any kind of accident, but in the end, nothing worked. When she got sick, I began to wonder if I brought this curse on myself. I was so focused on using the Artifact to find a way to unite our factions, that I never stopped to consider if I was using something cursed. In the end, it all may have been unavoidable, but if I blame anyone these days, I blame myself."



"I can't believe this," Frank said, his fists clenched. "How could you keep this from me? How could you do this to her ?!"

her Jada shook her head. "You don't understand! I knew a Shadow Knight had appeared and was trying to start a war between our factions. I never knew exactly where or when he would strike, except in the vision the Artifact showed me. I knew he would follow Valeria and Erin into the Midas vault. Don't you see? As Sovereign, I needed to capture him to prevent a war!"

"At what cost?!" Frank asked, his voice trembling as he moved in front of Valeria. "You sacrificed two of our daughters for this! All without consulting me!"

two Valeria looked up at him with surprise. They only had one daughter, right ? Was there another daughter they forgot to mention? But Valeria knew that wasn't true. There was only one reason why Frank would have mentioned a second daughter, as implausible as it seemed.

right "I don't know if the artifact caused Bianca's death," Jada replied quietly. "I never would have sacrificed her intentionally. "

never intentionally. "But you do know what Valeria has been through," Frank continued, his tone menacing. "She was used – and abused – by the people who were supposed to protect her. You used her too! How is she ever going to trust us again?"

Jada looked over at her with a weak smile. "She's a strong young woman. I figured she could handle it."

Handle it? Valeria thought, her hands trembling. Jada still didn't understand how much damage her deception caused. She looked up to her as an inspirational mother figure; a woman she hoped to be like someday. But a real mother shouldn't lie and use their daughter. "You're wrong," she said, her tone defiant. "You have no idea what I've been through. I understand why you lied, but it still hurt. Part of me wants to leave. I can make my own way in the world without you and this Faction."

Handle it? Jada studied her a moment, a smirk across her face. "I know you could. If you leave, you will be completely on your own. Are you prepared to be alone again?"

"She wouldn't be alone," Frank said, standing by her side.

"Ugh," Jada groaned. "We talked about this babe. Stop trying to save her -"

"I'm not saving her," Frank interrupted, turning toward Valeria. "She saved me. She made me feel like a father again, so stop using that excuse."

"Were you talking about me?" Valeria asked, her voice raw. "Your second daughter?"

"Of course," Frank replied. His dark eyes met hers, and she didn't detect any guile. He offered a sincere smile and said, "I promised to do what's best for you. I can help you leave this faction, find new parents, whatever you want."

"You'd leave this faction with me?" she asked with disbelief.

He looked over at Jada, his gaze intense. "I would."

Jada frowned, her hand slowly reaching for the dagger on her belt. "You'd pick her over me? After all we've been through? You think I'd just let you both leave?"

Frank took a step in front of Valeria, his hand hovering over his weapon. "You know how much I love you, Jada. I've always supported you, believed in you. I always knew you were meant to become a leader, and you know me. You know I've always wanted to be a father, and nothing will stand in the way of that, not even you ."

always nothing you Valeria felt a mixture of emotions as Frank and Jada stared at each other without saying a word. The tension in the air was palpable, and she wondered if they'd engage in physical combat. She had never witnessed such an intense verbal argument, and Jada's posture and tone were frightening. Valeria hated to admit it, but she understood Jada's logic. She still respected Jada and understood her plan, even if it made her feel small and unimportant.



But then there was Frank. After her parents' deaths at a young age, no one had ever stood up for her before. No one had been willing to sacrifice anything for her. She had read stories about parents sacrificing themselves for their children - but had never witnessed it. She had never felt unconditiona l love, until now.

unconditiona "Wait!" Valeria exclaimed. She took a step in front of Frank and raised both arms, trying to prevent an altercation. "I've decided to stay...with both of you." She turned to Jada. "I understand what you did. But I want you to understand that it hurt, being lied to. Can you promise it won't happen again?"

both Jada took a slow deep breath. She released her weapon and her posture relaxed. "Fine," she said, ending the tense standoff. "I will try to not keep secrets. But you chose to become a Rogue, and that means you will never be safe." Her eyes narrowed at Valeria. "I promised to push your limits and make you strong. I'm a woman of my word too," she said frowning at Frank. "I will not apologize for that."

not "It's okay," Valeria said, trying to force a smile. "I don't think I've ever heard you apologize."

"It's not my style," Jada said, a smirk slowly tugging at her lips. "But I'll settle for restitution ."

restitution Valeria looked up at Frank and whispered, "what's that mean?"

"She's offering a bribe," Frank whispered back. He looked over at Jada and crossed his arms. "Why can't you just apologize and –"

"Offer accepted," Valeria interrupted. She hated to cut him off, but she knew Jada would never apologize. It was a difficult pill to swallow, as Valeria had hoped Jada would fill the maternal void left after her mother's death. She wanted to trust her, confide in her, and love her, but that just wasn't in the cards at the moment. Respect, fear, and admiration would have to suffice. "I have a demand," she said aloud.

Jada rolled her eyes. "Name it."

Valeria looked over at Frank with a smile. I already have something I've always wanted after my father died, she thought to herself. I hope Jada will embrace me as a daughter someday too . So, until then, I'll just have to settle for ...

I already have something I've always wanted after my father died, I hope Jada will embrace me as a daughter someday too So, until then, I'll just have to settle for "I want a Smartphone."

Jada's tough exterior cracked as a smile spread across her lips. "You sure do drive a hard bargain."

"Yes or no?" she asked while looking over at Frank.

"It's fine with me," Frank replied with a smile. "I thought you'd ask for a car, but it's too late now."

Valeria bit her lip . Shit! I should've aimed higher.

. Shit! I should've aimed higher. "Alright," Jada conceded. "But you better not spend all day using that thing. You still have a lot to learn, and it only gets harder from here, even for someone special like you."

special Valeria considered this a moment . Everyone had declared her special; Frank, Jada, and even Erin had told her this . "How am I special?"

. . I Jada shook her head. "That's a complicated question – one I think we'll save for another day." She looked over at Frank. "Take Valeria to our room and meet me back here with my brother. We have to start preparing."

"Preparing for what?" Valeria asked.

"If Lawrence dies," Jada said, her tone visceral, "We need to prepare for war ."

war "That's not something you should worry about, kiddo," Frank added. "You need to focus on school and Rogue training." Valeria started to protest, but Frank cut her off. "If that's not enough to keep you occupied, I heard Xun's still looking for a Blitzflag Runner. Come on, let's go."

Valeria groaned as she followed Frank outside the Sovereign's Quarters. Her mind raced with so many unanswered questions. Were Frank and Jada really done with their argument? Would she be able to trust Jada from now on? Who was the Shadow Knight, and why would he want to start a war? If his plan succeeded, would the Rogue and Celestial Factions declare war? Would Erin and Sai become her enemies?

Frank led the way through the Coterel marketplace, and Valeria noticed a familiar store nearby.

Darrow's Daggers.

Darrow's Daggers. She remembered stopping inside this store on her first day, eager to own one of the deadly blades on display. Now she wasn't so sure. Her stomach lurched as she imagined holding one and using it against the people she cared about. Would she – no – could she do what was necessary if she encountered Erin or Sai on the battlefield?

could Valeria's mouth went dry, her hands dampened with sweat. A familiar sense of anxiety washed over her, so she closed her eyes and took slow deep breaths.

You need to be on your guard all the time.

As a Rogue, and as a woman.

You need to be on your guard all the time.

As a Rogue, and as a woman. Jada's words haunted her as she opened her eyes, studied her reflection on the store's window, and walked away.

I always have been, and I always will be.





I always have been, and I always will be.





###########

########### End of Book 1.

#############

To be continued.

Book 2 - Valeria Torres and the Blade of Life - First draft done, will post at a later date.





Book 3 - Valeria Torres and the Shadow Knight - about 1/3 of the way through first draft.

(I will also provide updates on the author's note at later dates - thanks for reading!)



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





