Title: Winners Don't Have Bad Days

1. #FirstSnow, October 2017


First snow cloaked Calgary overnight on Friday, October the 13th.

Daya glanced out of her rental basement window at the frosted lawn and shrugged into a hoodie. First snow on Friday the 13th, big stinking deal. She jogged to VITAL community center where she worked as a fitness instructor, just like she did every morning, rain or shine.

First snow on Friday the 13th, big stinking deal. Around her, the soccer fields reflected the weak predawn light, coloring the world gray. She kept tossing wistful glances towards VITAL's squat building in the middle of yesterday's green space. The warmer lights should flood from the floor-to-ceiling windows of the library any minute now.

But the building remained dark, and the chill nipped through her clothes. She picked up the tempo. As her feet pounded the frozen ground faster, so her usual not bad, not bad, not bad mantra pelted the insides of her skull more urgently. These were the words that helped her cope with the freezing toes, life in general and the polite coworkers.

not bad, not bad, not bad And truly, her life was not that bad when she skidded to a stop at an unexpected obstacle—

that A lone guy who was crossing the parking lot with his shoulders hunched, his head bowed, jerked his head toward her... right when one of his feet lifted to step on the curb. It slipped off, sideways, on the icy concrete. He yelped, flapped his arms in the air, fighting for balance, and tumbled by her feet on the pavement.

And, yes, that was when she skidded to the full stop in front of the unexpected obstacle in her routine. Now, here was someone whose day was starting out badly.

Blasted Friday the 13th at work!

Blasted Friday the 13th at work! Her mind searched for a charitable way to describe the sight. A beached whale? Starfish with legs? An unhappy panda?

"Are you okay?" she asked, leaning over him. "Sorry, I didn't mean to spook you. Normally, no one shows up this early..." Except whoever turns on the lights in the library.

Except whoever turns on the lights in the library. Maybe she should have given him a wide berth and let someone else handle it, but she was the first on the scene. It might have even been her fault. And she couldn't get rid of the impression that she knew him from somewhere. Not trained him no, but—

So she extended a helping hand.

Not that she expected to pull the fallen hero back to his feet: the physics objected with vehemence. Daya was five-three in her running shoes. The guy obviously drank every glass of milk his momma gave him. On top of winning the height game, he wrapped himself in pounds of winter gear for the arduous trek from the car to the side entrance of the VITAL, Calgary, Alberta, Canada.

He grabbed her hand, making her wrist and half of the forearm disappear inside his rated-for-outer-space-exploration mitt. He squirmed, she braced—and ta-da! —he sat up.

ta-da! "Are you okay?" she repeated, impatient for the yes that would let her off the hook.

yes "Oof," he said midway through a valiant attempt to bend further forward at the waist. "No, I'm not okay. My foot's in agony."

"Then get up, go home and ice it," she said. "You know the drill." Okay, this sounded a little rude, but they were lingering in the cold at five in the morning, for goodness' sake!

"Elevate, ice, something, something sort of thing," he murmured.

The mustard-yellow toque he had pulled over his ears could not have flattered his complexion at the best of times. Under the harsh parking lot's lights and in a combo with sweat beading on his forehead, his pallor alarmed her. Pained wincing didn't help her peace of mind either. Despite herself, she started to worry about her martyr.



He proved to be a chatty martyr though. "As much as I like the idea of turning ice from foe to a friend, I doubt it's going to do much."

"Trust me, it works," Daya said after she sorted out the foe-friend-ice parallel. "I have loads of experience with injuries. Nothing's better than ice. Go home."

Please, go home.

Please, go home. As an answer, he clutched her arm, while patting the ground with his other hand. She didn't think her recommendation required this much pondering: get up, go home, put some ice on. Or not. Whatever.

"Are you inviting me to sit down and have a medical debate or what?" A perfect thing to do on a frosty Friday for a proud owner of a bottom padded with down feathers. Her butt sported new materials designed for sprinting, not lounging in the snow banks.

"Ah, no. Glasses." With the helpless squint of a near-sighted man, he swapped the wince for an apologetic smile. "Sorry. Don't mean to hold you up. I'll call an ambulance."

What a drama queen, a helpless, dangerously overdressed drama queen! Also, did he tutor lab puppies on how to tilt head to one side and gaze at strange girls with helpless adoration?

Daya sighed, the rusty humanitarian gears in her heart starting up. "I'll wait with you until help arrives." By the book, yes.

She freed her hand from his hot grip and rummaged through the snow. The snowflakes coated her hand like poplar fluff, deep enough for his stupid glasses to sink without a trace.

A vein pulsed on her temple. Oh, please! She was not a surgeon searching for shrapnel inside a patient's heart. Which would have been far more fun.

Her fingers finally bumped into a solid object, the wire-rimmed glasses. "Success!"

After tapping the snow off, he restored the glasses on his nose. And jerked them off. "Ouch. The bloody thing is cold!"

Genius. "New to Calgary?"

Genius. "What?" He shook the mitts off and rubbed the glasses between his palms before slipping them back into place. The lenses matched the shape of his full-moon face, so three circles stared at her owlishly. "Oh, yes, yes. Started this job three months ago, because of... nevermind. But how did you..?"

"The Michelin tire man fashions. That toque on your head so horrifying you must've purchased it in a panic after you saw the snow in the forecast."

"Bingo." He rubbed the knitted hat in question against his temples, as if mentioning it gave him a headache.

The long-fingered hands with neatly trimmed nails were probably the only trim thing about him. His cheeks, chin and neck hinted at a generous layer of natural padding under the clothes.

"I better call for help." He searched the nooks and crannies of his parka'd person and came up empty, except for his car keys. "Ah, you don't have a cell handy, ah...ma'am?"

Oh slow down, lady-killer! What girl doesn't just love being called ma'am?

Oh slow down, lady-killer! What girl doesn't just love being called ma'am? "Forget it, pal." If she was roped into helping, she'd rather be in a warm car than sitting with him in the snow waiting on an ambulance. And the ambulance cost an arm and a leg... and she could no longer call him a complete stranger. Instead, he became a whole-lot-of-helpless stranger. "Give me the keys, I'll take you to the trauma center. You need it."

complete "I thought ice was the answer?"

She exhaled, white steam pouring out of her mouth, the next best thing to spitting fire.

He blinked at her before handing over the keys so trustingly that it made her think of all things rural, apple pies and grain elevators. Except, an aura of a big city clung to him. "My car is—"



"The only one in the parking lot?" The generous parking lot in front of VITAL was empty on account of it still being before the opening hours. Except for one car, a silvery Hyundai SantaFe, in the farthest corner reserved for the employees.

He snorted, winced and snorted, humor and pain fighting over control, humor winning. That leg wasn't broken, Daya figured, but better get a doctor's opinion, and the sooner the better.

She jogged across the parking lot to the car, and popped the driver's door. The first thing that caught her eye was his cell phone wedged into the cup-holder. With a sigh, a chuckle and a slight eye-roll, Daya scaled the too-tall driver's seat. Her feet barely reached the pedals, but she'd deal with it later.

She drove over, shoved the passenger's seat all the way back for him, helped him up, ran around the car, hopped back behind the wheel, and adjusted the seat.

Meanwhile, the slip-and-fall victim plucked the cell out with a muttered "Oh, here it is..." He secreted it away, as inconspicuous as a hot-air balloon on the passenger side.

The second eye roll lacked the subtlety of the first. She pulled the car out of the parking lot, biting her lips, ignoring his recycled faintly apologetic smile, the puppy one. Not bad, not bad, not bad...

Not bad, not bad, not bad... ***

"Mike," he volunteered after a few streets of silence, just before they merged onto the main drag leading out of the Heatherton Heights suburb.

The traffic had not picked up yet, so she glanced his way to see that he was wriggling out of his parka. The toque peeked out one of the half-dozen pockets unashamed of its ugliness.

Daya Dhawan, she nearly said, even though she had not the slightest desire for him to call her Daya Dhawan or Miss Dhawan, like her coaches, her fellow skaters, and her teachers. "Daya."

Daya Dhawan, "Pretty," Mike said.

"Sums up my mother's hopes for me, a pretty name for a pretty daughter."

He produced another throaty snort. "My mom must have aspired for me to stand out with my oh-so-rare name. Mothers dream big, eh?"

"Mike's not that bad. Everyone has a friend named Mike. The memories warm people up to you, and stuff." She was also warming up to the car's purr, babble on the radio, and the comfortable lump in the seat next to her. Did she miss having someone to talk to that much?

Mike had said something Daya had missed, as she sped up into the Deerfoot Trail exit over SantaFe's passionate objections. They built this SUV for bulk, not the juice. She kept her foot on the gas to put them behind a dirt-caked eighteen-wheeler that splattered her windshield with slush for her trouble.

Once she was comfortable with the freeway, she darted a side-way glance at Mike. Like his SUV, he seemed to run low on juice, his head lolling against the headrest, a painful grimace on his face. Oh, come on! Don't swoon!

Oh, come on! Don't swoon! She blurted out the first thing that popped into her head, "You know, Mike, it's dangerous to hand over your keys to strangers."

The neurotic scraping of the wipers ruined her light tone, but he squeezed out a smile, an encouraging sign. And it made her smile in return, like yawning does.

"You aren't a shoe-in for grand theft auto. The way you drive, I can catch you even on a broken foot," Mike said.

"Want to try it? I can push you out of the car no problem."

He brought his hands together, pleading. "Mercy, please, mercy!"

"Or I could be kidnap — Oh, nuts!"



A red Toyota cut in front of her on the right, then zipped into the left lane. She gripped the wheel tighter, till her knuckles turned white, controlling the impulse to race.

"You're not a stranger." Mike acted oblivious to the people driving like bats outta hell. "Not a complete one at any rate. I see you running up and down the hill from the library windows with the boot camps every afternoon. Heh, I keep thinking, this lady must really like that damn hill."

"Hill sprints," Daya supplied the correct word. That's why the guy looked familiar. She must have seen him around the VITAL. Did you unknowingly turn on the lights for me every morning?

Did you unknowingly turn on the lights for me every morning? "Hill sprints it is. Even thinking about it hurts more." His eyes fixated on the foot. "Now I know how it feels to be wounded in battle."

"What?!"

"Oh! I often wondered. I play video games, and my characters... well, they get hurt a lot." Mike shrugged. "Now I know. The pain expands, like I have a walrus' flipper made of lead. I don't know how it even fits in the boot."

"Take the boot off." A frown pulled her brows together. "Can you, or should I pull over and help?"

Please say yes, I can do it... The morning commuters swarmed Calgary downtown, the apartment buildings closed in on the narrow streets around Chuimir's Medical Center. The last thing she wanted was to look for street parking this close to their destination.

Please say yes, I can do it... "No need, we're almost there." Mike pointed at the GPS. "Plus, I won't be able to pull it back on to walk to the clinic."

"I'll grab a wheelchair, get you in, then drive back to VITAL, so you don't have to pay for parking here. You can call me once they are through with you."

"A wheelchair... ye gods." He yelped and muttered while wrestling with his boot, then sulked through the rest of their epic journey, the parking at the medical center and her punching the numbers into his cell. Weirdly, he expressed no concerns about lending her the car.

***

When she brought the wheelchair down to SantaFe, Mike turned sourer than curdled milk for paneer cheese.

"Maybe I can hop or something?" he asked hopefully.

His sourness spread to her like the smiles did beforehand. Gosh, what's with the manic-depressive tandem? She had to break out of it. "Stop being a baby, it's only 15 minutes for drop-off."

Gosh, what's with the manic-depressive tandem? had The big-sister voice worked its magic. Mike hopped out of the car seat into the chair, while she steadied it for him. The chair groaned. The entryway was shoveled and sanded, but she still had to put her hamstring into pushing him inside.

The tenuous sense of emotional connection intensified with being linked through an object, the chair, a voice in her mind whispering about samsara and past lives. Mike twisted laboriously, straining his double chin. "Daya, look—"

samsara "This is the triage line, they will get you assessed, it should take about four hours from here. Busy today, with the first snowfall, but it would take longer in a hospital." She parked him behind two other walk-ins. "I've got to run."

"Technically, you've got to drive." He caught her hand before she made her escape. "Sorry for sulking. I imagined the worst: my mother flying in to care for an invalid. It messed up with my mood. I'm sorry."

She nodded. "I would be grumpy too if my mom parachuted down."

"You're an angel."

If she was an angel, he was cherubic.

The indoor fluorescent lights changed his hair from muddy-brown to fair with a reddish tint, the one that drugstores call strawberry-blond when they pack it in tubes. The lighter brown eyes went with it. They reflected light back at her, not absorbed it like she was used to seeing in her family.

Like her, Mike had started off better than many, at least as far as his looks went, and like her, he ended with a not too bad of a deal, courtesy of pasta, chips and whatever junk.

In ten years he'll be a blob .

In ten years he'll be a blob Hot waves of shame flooded her face at once. Did her job make her into a bitch? She had wanted to become a fitness instructor when things didn't pan out. Thinking of others' problems was supposed to help her, take her to the next level.

Instead, she turned to snap judgments, just like the coaches who summed her up on the spot. It too will pass. In ten years I'll be forgotten, and I will forget.

It too will pass. In ten years I'll be forgotten, and I will forget. "See you in a few hours, Mike," she said more gently than she had intended.

***

Daya drove back to VITAL in half the time, because the traffic was light from the downtown core to suburbia.

The parking lot in front of VITAL filled with the early-morning fitness enthusiasts. The streetlights were still on, but there was enough daylight to see the three soccer fields and the slope climbing toward a high school and a mall. Straight ahead, the land dipped towards a large storm-pond.

She faced the rising sun, stretched and emptied her mind of worries until her phone's alarm buzzed to announce her first client, a new mother with baby weight to lose.

The woman arrived right on time, and, once inside, waved the number on the scale away. "Never mind that! Look here!" She patted under her chin. "No more flab. I feel like a goddess!"

The job did not feel so bad after that. Daya gave the clients thumbs up, talked to them, made notes, all the usual things.

But her thoughts kept drifting back to Mike. His face swam up in her imagination. She mentally chiseled away the extra padding from his cheeks and wondered what regimen could have worked for him if he were her client...

Definitely not cardio, at least not for a while... she thought once he had called, and she had returned to pick him up at the medical centre.

Definitely not cardio, at least not for a while... Mike hopped on crutches between the injured, the relatives and the friends toward her, with an embarrassed grin that tugged at heartstrings she had forgotten she had.

Just as he smiled with his Hi , her phone vibrated, eager to share its message.

Hi She popped it out of the sleeve pocket, ran over the polite words twice. Once they turned into reality, Mike, his crutches, the crowd, the room, and the rest of the unsentimental city fell away from her.

While she was playing at saving this bird with a broken foot, her life nose-dived to shit in a dumpster fire. Lips flapping fish-like in a desperate bid to release the lock in her throat, Daya struggled to pull a breath in.

This is bad. Real bad.

This is bad. Real bad.





2. #Mundane, October 2017


Mike didn't want to sit down. Imagination sketched the crutches flying across the waiting room when Daya returned for him, while his body wriggled feebly on the floor. She took pity on him after one comic fall about a century ago, but there was no need to overdo it.

The odds were in favor of it being a one-of-a-kind occurrence, not a systematic adoration of a klutz. Hence, he parked himself in a low-traffic corner, a granite statue of Commander in the graveyard, watching for his Donna Anna to saunter in.

Speaking of sauntering... Mike brought the crutches forward—the way an annoyingly cheerful nurse had taught him—and progressed two feet. Now, for a brief respite. Or not.

Speaking of sauntering... The silvery SantaFe nudged into the pickup zone—an odd experience, something akin to seeing his legs walk on their own (a terrible example in this instance)—and Daya hopped out, slamming the door shut. So, the fierce sprite did not like his tall SUV. He wondered why. Did she feel that the objects of known size gave away her miniature stature? In his humble opinion, the energy packed inside manipulated the space-time continuum, enlarging her presence.

That energy pulsated about her when Daya cut through the sliding doors into the waiting room. He managed five swinging steps while she closed the rest of the distance without so much as breaking a sweat. Fierce, beautifully fierce.

Fierce, beautifully fierce. "You must really hate paying for parking," Mike said at the same time as the phone buzzed inside her jacket.

She glanced at it, and life drained out of her face.

"Is something wrong?" he asked, while his gamer's mind rooted through potential personal catastrophes. He shushed it. Nobody burned her home village, you dumbass. Ogres didn't torture her lover to death. This is Calgary, not Baldur's Gate.

Nobody burned her home village, you dumbass. Ogres didn't torture her lover to death. This is Calgary, not Baldur's Gate. She gaped at her phone. "My skates. They don't want to buy my skates."

"Okay. It's okay."

She was obviously crestfallen, and it made no sense. On any other day, he'd have taken her by the elbow, sat her down, bought her a cup of coffee to tease out the tragedy bit by bit. But today he had plunged from the towering height of a curb, ended up in an air-cast with crutches, not to mention a pouch of industrial-strength tylenol between his teeth. These fun accessories limited his powers of caffeinating the distraught just when he needed them the most. In video games, assassins leaped from the accurately rendered historic landmarks hundreds of feet tall and walked it off. Fantasy beats reality, zero to one million.

Fantasy beats reality, zero to one million. He pointed his crutch at a bank of three unoccupied chairs next to a woman with three vibrantly healthy kids and one piteously coughing runt of the family.

"Parking," Daya moaned, still staring dazedly at the phone screen, as if willing away the heartbreaking news.

This wasn't the circumstances under which he'd enjoyed watching her moan. He chased the flippant, painkiller-induced thought away and stuck to reality: "You can't drive with your hands shaking. Tell me what's wrong with your skates."

A lurch towards the vacant seat could mean: I will brook no argument . Or not, but it was the best he could offer. Luckily, the fear of making a spectacle of himself proved to be exaggerated. His foot couldn't carry weight, but he used it as a balancing point, not hit the fascinated minors with his crutches, and ended up with his butt in the traditional position. Thank goodness he decided against kneeling into the chair. The prospect of fighting back to his feet scared him, but the wise men live in the moment.

I will brook no argument Daya propped the crutches and perched next to him. "My car broke down. I had a buyer for my skates, so I paid for the car. Now they won't buy it, and there is rent due."



"Aha. I see." This sounded so trivial, he barely kept the smile off his face. Skates must be eighty bucks new, or something like that, not the end of the world. "I'll be happy to lend you a few bucks to tide you over."

Her eyes widened in disbelief, then the dark arcs of her brows drew closer, in an alarmingly pretty frown. Malaka , he cursed in Ancient Greek, or so Assassin Creed led him to believe. Did I step on a cultural landmine?

Malaka Did I step on a cultural landmine? "Ah, if money lending is a problem, can I just help? You went out of your way for me this morning. I would probably still be sitting on that parking lot crying without you."

Her breath recovered, trembling lips stretching into a brave smile. "You don't understand, Mike. I'm not talking about Canadian Tire skates. They are a pro figure skating gear, fifteen hundred new. Even if you had a few hundred to spare, I can't borrow this much from a stranger. It's not proper."

"You are not of my world," the damsel told the bumbling hero. Mike suddenly wished that he was of her world, someone who knew the difference between different skates and ran uphill for no good reason.

"You are not of my world," the damsel told the bumbling hero. Daya used to be a bright jacket beyond the window at work, at the VITAL, a reliable splash of color on the surrounding landscape of boulders in a dry ditch, twisted fir-trees, and tufts of grass on the soccer fields. Now she had a name and knitted fingers and a bit of a backstory. A figure skater. What else could this miniature ball of energy be? Oh, come on. Like you had known any.

A figure skater. What else could this miniature ball of energy be? Oh, come on. Like you had known any. Meanwhile, she braided her hair into a soft cable about a wrist thick, and tied it off. The band flashed like a stop-sign against the black of the braid.

"I'll sell the car. I don't know why I snapped. My father, he kept telling me I'd end up in a homeless shelter here, so... whatever. Let's go. I'm good." To show just how good she now felt, Daya drummed a stirring march on her thighs.

"Uh-huh." In the games, gazillion pixel-hearted supplicants ran to Mike's avatar with every little thing. Free the slaves, Mike! Find my dear dead mother's necklace! Deliver our best cow from the bandits or our children will starve! Once, his martial arts prodigy had to shovel manure, but he couldn't recall if it delivered the slaves or the children.

In reality though, the neighbor across the hall asked if he had mustard, and his coworkers traded shifts. Dire perils were out there, but they hid in plain sight.

Preoccupied with this paradox, Mike arose out of his chair and followed Daya on crutches without a dramatic interlude.

"How's your foot?" Daya asked, starting the car.

His response was automatic, and that's after he'd obsessed over every detail of his misadventure for a few hours: describing the fall to triage, a paper tag around his wrist, seeing his foot purple and swollen, enduring the X-Ray tech turning the unfortunate limb this way and that as tears sprang in his eyes, numbing to pain, the doctor rattling off what was routine stuff to a medic but bloody important to Mike, and, finally, that cheerful nurse with her late-Medieval ritual of cast and crutches.

"Three broken toes, with five pages of instructions on how to survive it."

Yep, that summed it up, but no longer had power to excite him. Instead, he brooded over Daya's rent, and how to hand in the quest's solution to the sprite behind the wheel. Not that she had sent him on the quest, it's just he wanted to volunteer.

She handed him the opening. "Where do you live, Mike?"

"Just drive to VITAL, I will give you directions from there." He cleared his throat. Found a speck of dust on his glasses. Glanced out of the window. By Grabthar's Hammer, he was running out of Deerfoot Trail. The drive there, when he was in pain, took an eternity and a half.

"My name," he started, "is Michael Giacomo Wilson. I hold a master's degree from UBC in History and Archival Studies."

She gave him a sideways glance, that pretty little frown in evidence. "Thanks. I'll mention it in your biography I'm writing."

"I work at the library at VITAL. Where you work too."

"Uh-huh."

This sounded so much better in his head, but there was nothing to it now. Next time he'd go for a haiku.

"I didn't want to sound creepy, that's why I'm giving you my CV. I own a condo in Heatherton, and I don't use the spare bedroom. That bedroom is yours if you help me dodge my mom's best intentions, help me around the house and get me back to walking — Hey, careful!"

The tires made a nerve-rattling sound as they caught the grate on the shoulder, but Daya straightened it.

She stared straight ahead, over the wheel. He cleared his throat.

"Ahem, for as long as you take to fix your cash flow. From the five pages of medical mumbo-jumbo, at least three are about physiotherapy and recovery workouts. Judging by those hill sprints, you're a miracle worker. I want to hire you."

After the pause stretched a little too long, he added a tentative, "And... you can prove your dad wrong?"

Daya chuckled. "I love my dad, actually. All my family."

"Sorry, if I'm projecting. My mother is... well, she isn't the warmest woman," Mike said.

The frown between her brows deepened. "I don't know... I'm grateful, Mike, and it sounds convenient—"

"I get it. I wish we had weeks to ponder, but it's an emergency... Give it a thought, okay? If my credentials do not ease all concerns as to my virtue, I will not be climbing any maidens' balconies for at least eight weeks for obvious health reasons." And I swore off pretty ladies a long time ago, but who would believe that.

And I swore off pretty ladies a long time ago, but who would believe that. Once he said his piece, he gave into exhaustion, and opened his mouth again only to give her the directions. It was 2017, the roommates of different gender were not unheard of, but if she was uncomfortable with taking on a job of a live-in caregiver, so be it. On Monday, he'll call his mother to fly over.

was She walked him to his condo's doors and looked at the building as if it was a dungeon's entrance and a treasury rolled in one. Which they were in the games, but this was life.

"You know my number. Or you can find me in the library once I'm done wallowing in misery and sleep off codeine they fed me at the clinic."

"Thank you."

***

Mike woke up in the middle of the night, thirsty and with the air-cast crushing his foot like an Inquisition torture device. Whimpering, he grabbed the pump from the nightstand, to deflate the damn thing, and tear it off, off, off. He scratched with a vigor of a stray cat, wincing at his grotesquely swollen limb and the pain that knifed in mercilessly the moment the cast was off.

"Elevate," he moaned, navigating the treacherous terrain of his kitchen, the crutch digging into his armpit— yes, I'm doing it wrong, go to hell —"Ice, ice, I need ice..."

yes, I'm doing it wrong, go to hell The stove clock blinked closer and closer to three am, the most miserable time of day, as he pounded the ice tray against the sink, tempted to screech like a frustrated monkey. Next he needed a glass, and a baggie, and a towel, more hopping, more misery...

Mike pressed his forehead to the cabinet, counting to ten. Right, we all hate fetching stuff, but we do it anyway. Come on. Or do you want to call mom? She'll jump at the opportunity to come and straighten out your life for you. Maybe even bring Don along for a good measure.

Right, we all hate fetching stuff, but we do it anyway. Come on. Or do you want to call mom? She'll jump at the opportunity to come and straighten out your life for you. Maybe even bring Don along for a good measure. The cell beeped on the counter while he was gulping down the second glass of water over the sink. Someone else robbed of sleep, most likely a bot after his money.

He pushed the phone closer anyway and groaned. His glasses rested peacefully just where he'd left them, in the bedroom. Well, zoom in was there for a reason. He propped himself against the counter one-footed, scrolled one-handed and squinted at the foggy letters until they formed words.

Thank you again for the job offer. I'll move in tomorrow.

Thank you again for the job offer. I'll move in tomorrow. It took him the better part of an hour to collect the glass shards from the hardwood floor. Don't drink and read , Butterfingers , he chided himself and laughed sheepishly at his own joke. Another hour or two, and it wouldn't be creepy for him to answer the text.



Don't drink and read Butterfingers





3. #TakeCare, October 2017


The relentless prairie sun heated Daya's hair just short of the ignition point. Yesterday's snow was not just gone, in this arid climate it evaporated from memory. The lawn bristled like a shoe brush with dried grass.

She wished that the despair she had felt last night evaporated with the snow. Gone, with no consequences.

The demons that crouched in the corners of her room, pointed and whispered failure to one another, drove her out of bed too many times to do nothing. I should charge you rent, she snapped at them, see how you like it.

failure I should charge you rent, see how you like it. At the lowest, loneliest point, when she went to the window, and remembered that she could not even see the sky out of her basement, she cried and hugged the pillow. Nobody knew that she had hit a bad spot, except for Mike, and it was good to talk to someone about it. She could find him in the library...

And if she would do that, why was she so obtuse about his offer? It was 2017, and they would bail each-other out, instead of running for help to their respective parents.

Plus, her trainer's instinct told her that without someone to push him, Mike would pity himself too much to exercise his foot properly. He'd limp for months, maybe even forever.

She would have taken a shower, but she was afraid to wake up her landlady... she was alone, sleepless and with nothing to lose.

And that's why she had texted Mike.





Doing something, even this stupid thing, calmed her down. It meant she was still kicking. She stretched out on her bed, tossed the pillow to the floor and fell asleep.

But for the beep of the response message, she would have believed the texting a fever dream.

Thank you, I appreciate your willingness to help me out, Mike replied. He added his address and that he would stay home from work.

Thank you, I appreciate your willingness to help me out, There was no way she could tell him, hey, I changed my mind, after he made it sound like it was he who needed her help. Gracious, Mike was gracious, and that sealed the deal. She couldn't unmake what last night's fears wrought. Only to make the best of it.

hey, I changed my mind, ***

She locked the door and inserted the keys into the waiting hand with peeling nail-polish. "Here you go. I'll be renting a room from my coworker."

The landlady squinted at the sun and muttered, "You take care, girl." She stuffed the keys in the back pocket of her worn jeans, her resigned shrug belying the worries about finding another renter. But there was sincerity in that take care too.

take care That's why Daya chose Calgary when she fled Ontario, that dry-eyed attitude for those who could move on. As long as you live, there is after. As long as you live, you conquer oneself.

As long as you live, there is after. As long as you live, you conquer oneself. And here she was, kicked to the curb next to her two beaten duffel bags, a bedazzled roller suitcase for the skates that nobody wanted and a loaner car. Conquering.

Conquering. Once the landlady disappeared inside the house, Daya threw the duffels in the trunk, opened the passenger side door, grabbed the suitcase... Ah! Her throat tightened again. What if she tossed it into the window where the landlady hid behind the worn blinds? What if she left it on the curb for a little girl to find and grow up to be a champion, an urban fairy tale? What if... if... if...

Ah! What if... if... if... She put the skates in the trunk with the duffels. They were things. They cost money. They were things .

things Done.

Done. Next.

Next. Her sister would still be at her office in Toronto, so Daya took a deep breath in and dialed. "Hi, Shanti!" she said to the voice mail in an upbeat tone that was a trademark of her new profession. "Guess what, I'm moving, and here is my new—"



"Daya?"

The voice was thick from the flu, but it was Shanti's. Crying in the background testified to more victims of the disease in the household.

"Are you sick? How's the twins? Did I wake them up? I am sorry, I should have texted," Daya stuttered over Shanti's thunderous ahchoo .

ahchoo Influenza laid the family low; it did not dull Shanti's big-sister radar. "Why are you moving? Are you in trouble?"

Yes, Daya, you should have texted. Daya caught her up on Corolla's dead transmission, the roommate situation and braced for the brewing storm. Shanti would not let her off the hook with a simple take care .

Yes, Daya, you should have texted. take care A click of the tongue started Shanti's classic hit, You Must Be More Careful with Money.

You Must Be More Careful with Money. Daya took her turn after a discreet sigh. She was careful, more careful than she had ever been. It's just after you cut out all the niceties, it is shocking how much the bare necessities are... and if you thought about the current economy, wasn't it more careless to not have a roommate?

was not She marched up and down the sidewalk to keep warm, while Shanti's voice poured into her ear.

Who's That Man You're Moving in With?

Who's That Man You're Moving in With? Daya mentally substituted her sister for Annie Lennox. If she had texted, it would have only delayed the inevitable, and she needed someone to know that she was moving and where, in case they had to find her body later— not a sentiment to share with Shanti.

not She boiled Mike down to a librarian with a broken foot who needed a caretaker. Her innards rebelled against this summation, in vain. If she told Shanti that he had cool hair and that she had a good feeling about the way he chuckled deep in his throat, Shanti would hop on a plane. Or worse, she'd tell Mom and Dad, and then they would hop on a plane.

they Daya's appeal to the instinctual need to care for the sick and the men didn't fool Shanti.

Come Back to Ontario, I'll Buy You a Ticket. Stay with Me. Stay... Composed by Shanti, performed by Beyonce. Daya was so caught up in putting her sister's words to music that she'd nearly missed a bombshell.

Come Back to Ontario, I'll Buy You a Ticket. Stay with Me. Stay... "And I have plenty of room, Daya. Sameer moved out last month."

"Wait, what? Why didn't you tell me anything? What happened with you two? Had you been fighting?" Daya's mind span fruitlessly like her Corolla's tires in the snowbanks last winter.

There was a pause on Shanti's end. "It's not a phone conversation," she said tightly. "Let me know if you need help and take care."

"Give my love to Mom and Dad," Daya piped in just before Shanti dropped the call.

The kids... she can't talk in front of them about her problems with their dad .

The kids... she can't talk in front of them about her problems with their dad Daya frowned at the gladiolus flower she used as her background pic. It didn't please her in the slightest that she had found a magic way to plug the fountain of Shanti's worries. The well in her own chest was now overflowing. Sameer and Shanti, their marriage seemed as eternal as the Universe... and she would not figure it out by standing on the sidewalk.

Mike, I'll be there in a few , she texted, and started the car.

Mike, I'll be there in a few ***

He waited for her outside the condo's entrance, basking his freckled face in the sunshine. Next to him purple petunias, speckled with white dots, did exactly the same thing. Everything was rallying after the snowfall.

"Quite a change from yesterday, eh?" he called out to her.

"That's Calgary for you: Don't like the weather? Wait ten minutes," she replied by rote. A year here made her a pro in wearing layers and packing an umbrella, a sun hat and gloves each day, every day, no matter what the calendar said.



"Ah, yes. Sorry, I won't be of any use with your bags." He handed her the spare key—the second key in two days. First his car, now his house. If he had a treasure chest that should come next... For now, he pivoted on his crutches to unlock the door. Sun turned his hair into a precious crown, at odds with an over-sized dark-blue sweater and baggy jeans. Who wore sweaters in 2017, anyway?

She made a relay back and forth to unload the car, then drove around to find the street parking, since the condo had only one spot within the gated low-rise complex. With the skates in tow, she stepped from the carpeted hallway inside Mike's, and now hers, abode.

The apartment had one of those 90s layouts that opened from the threshold straight into the living space: the den, the kitchen, the eating nook all in one. The place was squeaky clean, its walls hung over with the posters of armored hulks chasing monsters with ridiculously bright swords and guns. A potted lemon tree looked out of the window in bewilderment.

Mike lounged on a chocolate-colored leather couch in the living room when she entered. He pressed a button on his console controller to freeze a warrior with preposterous swords on the screen of his TV. He (Mike, not warrior) struggled out of the overstuffed pillows. "Let me show you to your room."

She let him get by her, studying a neon-bright painting of a woman that didn't belong with the earthy and mossy colour scheme of the place. The painted beauty looked over her shoulder at the viewer, shirt's collar slipping down. A curtain of golden hair took up most of the canvas. It was a no brainier to deduce what drew the artist's eye to his model.

"My mother," Mike murmured, looking straight ahead, but jerking his head towards the glowing artwork.

After being caught out, she tried not to be so obvious in observing his face—yeah, there was a resemblance. The same slightly aquiline nose, the same upturned corners of the eyes, the same vigor to their hair. Except for the lips. She had never seen a man pinch his lips like that. Like he locked his thoughts in along with the words.

"Aha." Daya matched the neutrality of his tone. It was not weird at all to have a portrait of your mother as a young half-nude on the wall of your living room. In the bedroom it would have been weirder, for example.

Besides, Ms. Wilson looked like an actress. Maybe she was famous back in the day... or not. Plenty of beautiful women dreamed big and went nowhere. You would know, won't you? To shut her snide inner voice, Daya said loudly, "Your place is super-neat."

You would know, won't you? "Oh, I stashed all the beer cans and dirty underwear in my bedroom." He offered her an ominous smile. "Don't open the door, young lady, it's dangerous."

"Thanks, Bluebeard, but you can't fool me. You're a neat-freak. I have a younger brother, he can't go ten minutes without trashing a room. His stuff just trails him: jackets, shirts, ties, old papers, toys, backpacks, pencils, pencil shavings... you name it."

"Fine, you found me out. I hate disorganized spaces... plus, I have a secret weapon—a cleaning service every couple of weeks. The lady keeps me honest, the way she looks at anything out of place..." He shivered to show just how stern his housekeeper was.

Daya had no pity for his predicament. "Just how much do they pay librarians? I think I'm in the wrong line of work."

"I had a small inheritance. It helps." Mike's lips snapped into a tight line again, a boom barrier signaling the dead-end, another topic he did not care to elaborate on. Fortunately, she didn't have to rake her brain for another small-talk stratagem.

He hopped down the hall to point at the white doors hiding the washer and dryer, his master-suit, and, finally, her bathroom and her bedroom to be.

That last door he left open. "Unfortunately, I am even more useless with heavy lifting than normal, and could not move the coffee table out of the way to fold out the bed. Can you? Otherwise, I'd—"

"I can," she said before he'd unveil a recruitment strategy for some male specimen. The coffee table had a particle board carcass and a removable glass top, nothing requiring extra troops. She had plenty of muscular strength. "Where do you want it?"

"Oh, living room would be fine..." he scratched his head. "I'd better get out of your way. Sorry..." He rushed out, swinging between the crutches like a plump pendulum.

Daya dropped her bags on the couch and lifted the glass top. Why wasn't this in the living room to start with? She lagged the base through the hall, while the unnaturally bright eyes, red, green, and violet, glared at her from the framed posters; light sabers, axes and blasters aimed at her too, but she shrugged it off.

Why wasn't this in the living room to start with? The titles on the posters promised dope stories of adventures, gore and vengeance. Once in a while an improbably beautiful woman's face popped in between the fighters, sometimes threatening with fans and bows, or daggers, sometimes just looking pretty. It made her think of Mike's mother... in some strange way she belonged with this collection.

Daya dragged the table in between Mike and his mortal combat, the legs leaving grooves in the pricey carpet that massaged the soles of her feet. She smoothed the skid marks with her toe and straightened out with a sigh of relief. There, no permanent damage done. The thing wasn't heavy exactly, just cumbersome.

He automatically ducked to see around her and had the courtesy to blush. "Sorry."

"Why wasn't it in the living room in the first place?" she asked after installing the glass top. Mike put his controller on it like it should have been there all along.

"I was building a model on it," he said. The blush that started to fade came back with a vengeance. She kept looking at him until he explained. "It was a LEGO model. Of Winterfell. With moving parts... That's a castle in a Game of—"

"I know, I know... Game of Thrones' Winterfell." His secrets proved innocuous so far. Daya took a cleansing breath and marched into the kitchen.

"Are you hungry?" Mike asked, while the warrior on the screen leaped from a cliff to tackle a hairy humanoid with a stone club.

She did not answer, staring inside his fridge, humming Walking in a Winter Wonderland. Except this was a wasteland, not a wonderland.

Walking in a Winter Wonderland. A lonely apple rolled across the produce box on the bottom. A jar of peanut butter dating to the last century peeked hopefully from behind a four liter jug of milk and a loaf of bread. Ignoring the battalion of pop cans, she opened the pantry, and her heart sank. Bags of chips and cereal boxes, battalions of them, matched by color and size occupied the shelves. This will haunt her dreams tonight. She shut that door and popped her head back into the fridge. Not that she expected it to refill with food magically, but she needed to see that apple.

It was at that moment that she felt a surge of renewed hope. Her life was not useless. She got a degree in how to help people, and now she had a desire to match, even if it started with helping just this one person.





"Mike," she said emphatically, "Mike, we must go shopping."





4. #G.I.R.L, October 2017


Befriending fierce sprites could not have been an easy undertaking. Mike knew that going in, but it didn't stop his jaw from sagging. Daya rolled from heel to toe, an apple in one hand, dramatically illuminated by the light streaming from the open fridge.

"Mike, we must go shopping!"

He put down the Playstation controller slowly as if he could spook her into taking flight. "Ah... okay. What do you want to buy? A mirror?"

She looked at him like he was mad. Fortunately, he clocked in years of experience in being a misunderstood genius.

"Don't dip that apple in poison, and I'll do my best to assure you that you are the fairest in the land, whenever you want a self-confidence boost." The apple landed next to him—small blessings. He closed his eyes, bit into it and chewed. Hmm, tangy. The fruit's flesh was still firm, but dry. He let it linger in the fridge for far too long, even if it was this year's crop.

"Mike?"

Oh, right... Daya. "I can stretch out for fresher verses to praise your unearthly beauty."

Oh, right... Daya. Or, rather, her earthly beauty: calves thick with muscle, arms that didn't hang from the shoulders like wet noodles, hearty complexion, that glossy, alive hair and generous mouth. Everything about Daya spoke of soil and sun more lush than that of the North.

She shut the fridge, and perched on the armrest of the couch, leaving the rest for his cast-encased foot. Peculiarly, she looked smaller up-close than at a distance. Her presence projected well, yet got lost side by side because she possessed an unmistakable source of inner warmth. That positive energy core was strong enough to power a star-ship and draw a wandering eye of a nomad like him.

If he had to play the Truthful Mirror to her Queen, the murder need not have happened. With a braid tossed over one shoulder, the slim nose of the Ancient Greek finesse, well-defined lips, and roman-arch brows curving over eyes more elegantly outlined than a Gothic arch Daya was the fairest one in the land.

She was too pretty to be his type... yet he wondered if he imagined or sensed this extraordinary warmth. He took another bite out of his apple, and re-focused on what she was saying.

"You need food with far more nutrients than chips and cola to heal, let alone keep you from gaining loads of weight while your mobility is impaired. You don't need another twenty pounds around your waist."

She leaned forward, a leg thrown over the other leg, hand tapping the back of the couch, and her eyes devouring his face. Before him stood a woman in search of a project, either too frightened to look to herself for one, or thinking she had no cause. Which one are you, Daya Dhawan, the frightened or the self-righteous?

Which one are you, Daya Dhawan, the frightened or the self-righteous? "My weight goal is 350 pounds," Mike said pleasantly. "A lofty goal, yes, but I'll get there, eventually."

This witticism had earned him scoffs from his mother and polite chuckles from the small-talkers. Sometimes—even a few understanding glances from the fellow-sufferers lugging the weight of the expectations. He just had to lay it on thick to sidetrack her.

"Do you see my hair color? I am a Titian beauty. We are so rare, that I feel compelled to maintain a voluptuous body."

"A... what beauty?" she asked, with a small frown forming between her brows.

This wasn't his usual crowd. "Titian was a Venetian painter who delighted in scrumptious nudes with hair like mine, hence the term Titian beauty. Most would say strawberry-blond, but come on, it's not as bad as strawberry."

Daya's brow quirked upwards. "Nudes?"

No, not his usual crowd at all. Embarrassment colored his cheeks. "Ah, I swear, it sounded funny in my head."



"Sorry, I wasn't an audience for it." Daya played with the tuft at the end of her braid. Her hair would have been more to Caravaggio's liking if he stuck to the Italian old masters.

She had it tied off with the same bright-red band he remembered from the emergency room. "Did you pick that hairband, Daya, or did it just come in handy?"

She startled, dropped the braid and stretched the band between her fingers. "I like it. Why?"

He suppressed a smile. "The rest of your clothes are grey and black, even though yoga pants come in vicious pinks, purples, yellow, all sorts. I had seen it in VITAL. It reminds me of Cesare Borgia."

"My yoga pants remind you of the dead dude who bunked with his sister?" she asked incredulously.

"Ah, that's debatable. And, yes, yes, I realize how idiotic I sound. Raped, pillaged, murdered, betrayed—sure, but incest, no, no way, probably not."

Mike chuckled, warming up to the subject. Renaissance was brilliant, full of paradoxes and the reversal of fortune that barely felt real.

"Back to the yoga pants. The French mocked his golden finery during his visit to the French Court. Since then, he only dressed in black. You make efforts to deck in black like something had happened, yet that band... what does the red mean? Is it a streak of rebellion? An unfinished business?"

And... he had lost her completely.

Daya flowed to her feet and cocked her head to one shoulder. "When we shop, I'll purchase a black band to keep your mind from running round in circles. Let's go, Mike. You hired me to get you back on your feet, and I intend to do just that."

Well played! He conceded defeat. Sure, he tried his best, but even the best generals beat retreat to cut their losses.

Well played! Besides, would it be that bad to not gain weight? Probably not... so long as she didn't push him into the bottomless void that was the pursuit of a perfect body. Or a perfect mind. Humans were meant to be flawed. Still, it did not hurt to negotiate for more favorable terms of surrender.

"Could I give you some cash? It'll go much faster without me in tow." He wiggled the crutches to emphasize his point.

She shook her head decisively. "It isn't just food, Mike. Your recovery will go faster if you don't lock yourself in, convinced that you're an invalid. If your mind wants you to function, you'll function."

Daya's eyes glowed with zeal. She sounded like his well-being was the most important thing in the world for her—a strangely flattering, if inconvenient, sentiment.

"I knew you were a miracle worker!" With fake enthusiasm, Mike climbed to his feet. It took him about as long as it took Daya to dump the contents of his pantry into a black plastic garbage bag—also obtained from his pantry.

"No, not the Pringles!" he cried out forlornly. The rustling tubes, chock-full of the wondrous things one could turn a spud into, disappeared into the bulging bag. Salty, crunchy, with the right thickness to break apart at the first bite, the best of all potato chips filled up the mouth without overflowing it. Each pack of Pringles was a succession of festival days: all the same, but oh, so welcome!

"I am sorry, Mike, but this stuff is full of chemicals that will stress your body." Obviously, Daya saw Pringles in a different light. "I can lock it in my car for safekeeping, or donate it to charity, whatever you want."

He knew very well which answer was the correct one on this multiple-choice test. He covered a resigned sigh with a chuckle. "Let's drop it off at the donation bin."

I better discover what that red band meant before she has me trudging uphill fifty times in the snow.

I better discover what that red band meant before she has me trudging uphill fifty times in the snow. ***

After they had returned from the grocery store laden with greens, greens and more greens, he fired up the Ages of Heroes again, but his head kept turning towards the flurry of activity in the kitchen.

"Is that Indian food?" he asked sheepishly at last, tired of stealing glances.

"Mike, I'm Indian. Everything I cook is Indian food. I put a tub of spinach in front of you, it's Indian food." She lowered the biggest pot he owned into the sink with a bang. Water rushed from the faucet in a raging torrent.

"I hope it's not just spinach on the menus tonight."

He got spinach fried with a bit of butter... well, not quite butter. Ghee. To reduce inflammation, she'd said. He picked every withered leaf with his fork, stretching out the meal, while the aroma emanating from the simmering pot on the stove tickled his nostrils. Not quite Spanish Inquisition, but bloody close.

"Let's try Italian tomorrow?" he tried with a plaintive smile. "My mother bestowed upon me three secrets of making perfect pasta."

The blender whirled (did he buy the hellish machine himself, or did his mother re-gift it to him?) to answer him.

What did he unleash? But just before his heart overflowed with resentment, Daya took a seat on the armrest again. The tiny figure perching there like a bird on a cliff, near a-flutter, ready to fly off into a storm—it drained his bile. What's worse, his heart melted into goo. By all that is holy, she's not your type, she's... and you're falling for her.

By all that is holy, she's not your type, she's... and you're falling for her. "Tomorrow, I want you to drink bone broth for healing the tissues and the green smoothie to keep hunger down. I'll leave you salad with boiled cod in the fridge."

Don't wince, whatever you do, don't wince.

Don't wince, whatever you do, don't wince. "Actually," Mike said, "I'm returning to work tomorrow. Like you said, if I act like an invalid, I'll remain one."

And then she smiled at him, and his heart skipped a beat. Maybe it was from Tylenol he'd taken earlier or from hunger.

No, that was a lie. It was because she cared, and he cared that she did. This realization almost made him ashamed of his plan, but it was too late. His survival instinct kicked in, and no amount of smiling could beat the primal drive to seek food.



he





5. #CunningPlan, October 2017


Joy... Mike could only describe the feeling as pure joy when he lifted his head and saw Daya rapping on the library's glass door with her knuckles. A few early birds came in to put in a workout before work, but they all hurried past his fishbowl with books. Daya stopped by when he didn't expect it at all. She had dropped him off an hour ago, materializing by his side after parking the Hyundai SantaFe to hold his bag while he fumbled with the keys and the crutches.

"To what do I owe the pleasure?" He rehearsed the line while he lumbered to the door, but he had forgotten it, lost it in the actual pleasure of seeing her cheeks crisp from the bracing wind, and her mouth parted by the efforts of jogging. A small portion of his brain that remained functional at the sight of her, had cleverly deduced the reason for visiting: she was holding the thermos with green juice.

"Oh, I'm sorry, I must have forgotten it on the counter," he said at the same time as she said, "I returned home to switch the laundry, and found it on the counter."

His fingers connected to hers when he took the cold container from her hands because he was looking at her face and grinning, instead of paying attention to the exchange.

He would have probably blocked the public access to the library long after she had chirped have a good one and took off into the vibrating den of fitness below, if he didn't notice his boss, Carol, coming in. With a regretful sigh, he returned to his desk, berating himself for being a dunce.

have a good one When he'd finally taken a sip of Daya's healing smoothie, it had disappointed him. It tasted nothing like joy. The best thing about it was the memory of her chilled fingers. Not that it tasted bad, per se, it was just that the tangy aftertaste of everything he had ingested so far made him yearn for bread. A crusty bread, but not sourdough, he had enough of sour. Just a plain French baguette, the epitome of the simple pleasures in life. Neutral in flavor, yes, with the divine texture and the aroma of the ovens.

It was almost lunchtime by then. He scrolled through the personal-interest stuff on his phone to distract himself from the food-dreams.

"Since when do you take an interest in figure skating, Michael?"

He startled and looked up. Good thing he liked Carol, and Carol liked him. It would have been embarrassing if someone else caught him.

But Carol was all right. She took to the middle years well, not grasping after youth like a drowning pirate after flotsam, did not even cover her mostly salt curls with dye, but compensated with extra layers of scarlet lipstick. She was plump and giggly, and wore the golf-ball-sized fake pearls like they were fake, and she did not care.

When he grew up, he wanted to be a male variant of her, a comfortable bookworm cocooned in the library, cooing to the toddlers over the picture books, throwing benign glances at the head-phoned teens while they bent over laptops and textbooks in the glass-encased quiet space, or trying to guess what treasures those entering the library would carry out in their tote bags.

Today, after the prerequisite number of consolatory oh, no and you should have taken a couple more days..., she put him on the front desk duty where he could sit on a high stool all day. She came to check on him once in a while, ready to send him home, particularly during the lull, say between lunch and the after-school rush. It was obtrusive, but sweet.

oh, no you should have taken a couple more days..., "Sport history is—" Mike started, but Carol cut him off with an understanding smile.

"Uh-huh. It sure is riveting. And the young lady that dropped off the thermos? The vaguely familiar looking one? What's her name again?"

One thing about Carol, she read a lot of cozy mysteries, so the attitude of the home-grown sleuth must have rubbed off. And there he thought she'd come in just after Daya had left.

The response popped out of his mouth uncontrollably, like a stone out of a sprung catapult. "Daya Dhawan. I... I was just trying to figure out how well she did, and it did not feel polite to ask."

Carol tsked. "So you resorted to snooping around the net, young man?"

"Something like that... but her professional page is almost empty."

Carol glanced at his phone. "Hmm. She was in the Junior Grand Prix a few years ago... but didn't make it on the international stage as a senior."

"Senior?"

Carol shook her head, chuckling. "Not the best word choice, I know, but that's what they call it. What this means, Mike, is that the lady did well, but not well enough to earn her living with skates. I don't follow the nationals, but if you dig through the net, you could probably find more mentions of her at the Skate Canada's site."

Mike gave Carol an ingratiating smile. Getting into her good graces was a part of his plan, and this unexpected strategic opening was a godsend. "You're full of surprises, Carol. I wouldn't have pegged you for a sports fan. You're made for the flights of poetic fancy, and high drama."

Which the sport probably provided... but Carol was an old hand in taking compliments.

"If not I, then who?" She pressed plump hands with carefully trimmed nails to her navy-clad bosom. Each finger sported at least one ring. "Figure skating is for the athletes' parents and the little old ladies sighing wistfully about being so young and so gorgeous."

"Ah... yes, yes, I see that." Now, for the important part, and let it come as non sequitur. "What I meant, when you get out for lunch, could you pick a burger or two for me?"

She pointed at the smoothie. "And the food that the young lady so graciously delivered?"

"It makes a wonderful snack, Carol, but I need red meat. I'll drop from exhaustion without a burger."

Mike's mouth watered when he said burger . The word itself was as comforting as the smoky meat, still hard enough to chew, but soft enough to forget the chewing in the indulgence. The plebeian burn of mustard mixed with ketchup. From there on, its bright, childishly bright sweetness dominated his imagination. No wonder children wanted ketchup on everything, no wonder the adults turned to it when they grew weary of their subdued existence.

burger Then there were onions, fried to the point they became like the Vikings for the modern day crowd, zesty, exciting, no longer the source of tears.

Toasted sesame seeds on the bun, meat, ketchup and onions—the burger screamed from the playground of the senses to him, "I am what I am, love me!"

Mike yearned to pick the brat up, close his eyes and savor happiness.

It's just getting a little protein in, not a horrible cheat. Just one square meal a day, and he'd obey Daya's every prescription otherwise. If they ever argued about it, he could bring it up... No, no, I couldn't.

No, no, I couldn't. As he had expected, Carol inserted herself into the conspiracy with gusto. She squinted at him in Inspector Columbo's good-natured, yet penetrating fashion. "You like her, don't you?"

He spread his arms in a surrender gesture. "I do."

"And you're lying to her. You'll get burned, Michael." Carol shook her head regretfully.

"I'm not that fragile," he whispered to her retreating back.





6. #FadedGlory, November 2017


Daya pulled her hook-around sleeves over her fists, then stuffed her hands into the kangaroo pocket. Her Lulu hoodie was marvelous, but it was too light to let her linger here, at the Olympic Plaza.

The skies turned to winter for the fourth time this year. The wet chill in the air threatened to become prickling ice crystals. She should leave downtown, take a bus, go home...

She slouched. It did not come naturally to her, and she would not have done it for the gusts of wind.

What made Daya bend her neck was the questioning eyes stopping on her. She'd glance around discreetly, and nope, no one paid her any heed. It was all in her head, as usual. Nobody looked at her, not this time, not every other time she had sneaked to the Plaza after teaching a lunch-hour bootcamp downtown. Why would they, save for a bum angling for spare change?

Daya's notoriety was never much, even in the narrow circle of true Canadian skating aficionados. She was a pretender to the end, even in her imagining that someone would spare her a second thought, pointing a finger at her: here is another quitter who came to walk a distant memory.

here is another quitter who came to walk a distant memory. The distant glow of the 1988 Olympics was not even her memory to cling to, rather a collective one as Mike would have said if he knew what she was thinking.

her She glanced past the pink colonnade topping the brick-faced cascade. The sandstone block of the city library took up the corner of the street. If only he was there, in the library. Or hobbled toward her down the pathway between the leafless trees. He'd talk, and she'd forget her worries to keep up with the onrush of his flighty thoughts.

Though Mike would probably scoff at relegating 1988 to history. The guy acted like he was on the first-names basis with the Flintstone family, so the eighties was more like yesterday's afternoon for him than history. She cocooned her hands even tighter in the magic fabric that did not stretch out, was warm on a cold day, cool on a hot one, and did not absorb the stench of sweat.

No matter his weird perception of time, it would have been cool to have Mike here... A sigh came unbidden: how easily her thoughts turned to Mike, always turned to Mike. I think I like him a little... or a little too much? He is... he was... She gave up with another sigh: he was likable, that's why she liked him, no other reason.

I think I like him a little... or a little too much? He is... he was... Plus, the guy who thought about Borgia when he looked at a girl's ass in yoga pants couldn't think it was weird that she was pretending to live in 1988 and be Katarina Witt's BFF.

And if he would not think it embarrassing, why should she?

Daya closed her eyes and let the fantasy take over.

Friends? Why lie to oneself? They were not friends, Katarina Witt, the figure skating star, and her. They were rivals.

Friends? Why lie to oneself? They were not friends, Katarina Witt, the figure skating star, and her. They were rivals. Katarina Witt, East Germany... Daya Dhawan, Canada...



Katarina Witt, East Germany... Daya Dhawan, Canada...

No.

No. She dropped her eyes to the bricks that paved the Plaza. The names etched on them were slowly fading from sight, from history, the citizens chiding her: It's easier to insert yourself in our past, Daya Dhawan, than fight your own battles? Please...

It's easier to insert yourself in our past, Daya Dhawan, than fight your own battles? Please... The pad in the middle did not have the named bricks, but it had a wading pool all summer. Now drained of water, it sheltered some brown leaves instead. Come December the City of Calgary would turn it into a skating rink, not as big as they had on the Waterfront in Toronto, but nice enough. It would fill with slipping and sliding Calgarians.

When she came here last March, she found a place to stand at the edge of a small amphitheater at the corner, and watched, missing the ice time. She kind of liked it, missing the all-important, the precious, the pricey, the coveted ice time back then. Her heart was still raw.



Her coach, Mr. Brighton, told her, "Go big or go home, Dhawan. What do you want?"

Daya scurried past a sandstone church and the red-brick buildings with black bands painted under the roof, the name of businesses on it in white block letters. The Olympic fanfare played in her head, pushing her harder than the wind. Every note pounded Daya in the back, driving her out of the Plaza, away from the champions, back to the downtown fringe of the indifferent apartment buildings, to catch her bus to suburbia, home, home, home...

Well, not home. Mike's place.

Well, not home. Mike's place. ***

Mike's warrior now had different swords, larger than before. It ran circles around a dragon instead of an ogre this time. An eye-roll came on before she could check herself. Same difference...

Same difference... The dragon hopped up and expelled a screen-full of vicious looking green flames. How did this song go? I need a hero, he's gotta be fresh from the fight? Only Mike was nothing like Shreck—gosh, some movies just ruined songs for good.

I need a hero, he's gotta be fresh from the fight? "You're subdued tonight, Daya. Is something wrong?" he asked without looking away from the screen, long fingers gripping the control.

"How do you even know?" She hated the sulky note in her voice, but she could not apply the brakes half-way through a whine. "You're fighting a damn dragon in your damn video game."

"Spatial awareness," he replied comfortably.

Why should it matter that he didn't turn her head? What did she want, for him to vault over the couch and run to her in slow-motion, red hair swaying in and out of his eyes? He probably couldn't do it before breaking his foot.

before As if reading her thoughts, he smiled in a self-depreciating manner. "My twitch is not what it used to be when I was young and nimble, but I can still spot the difference between a happy Daya and a sad one."

The dragon froze mid-flight, its jaws wide apart, vainly trying to swallow the hard-ass warrior on the screen. Mike turned to her, the big brown eyes searching her face, "So, what's on your mind? A client more impossible than I am?"

"Don't flatter yourself."

He arched an eyebrow. "Oh? Enlighten me then."

"It's too cold," she started, picking a snag on the sleeve stretched over her knuckles. "I stopped by Olympic Plaza... and the Grand Prix is in full swing..."

Word by word she got her misery out. It wasn't exactly a cohesive story, mushing together her old coach with the events of the annual figure skating Grand Prix and the ancient Olympics in Calgary.

"Ancient Olympics would be the ones in classical Greece," Mike corrected. "No figure skating, I'm afraid. Pankration, javelin throwing, chariots...."

She sagged into the couch next to her pedantic hero. "What a Mike-thing to say."

He pulled off the glasses to inspect them, while she failed yet again to figure out what his eye-color was like. The cinnamon bark was the closest, but it didn't shine like they did. Nothing shone like that...

"Do you know why I ask you to drop me off at the library at five every morning when we open up at nine?"

"I kind of wondered," she grudgingly admitted.

"I spent three years doing research for my PhD... only to discover that I love collecting facts, sift through information, memorize it. It made me an excellent student or a trash can, however you choose to look at it."

Daya shook her head: no, I don't see you as a trash can .

no, I don't see you as a trash can "But guess what? For a PhD you need to be more than a good student. You can't just regurgitate the facts back, you need to produce something new based on all the data." He eased his head back, bringing to mind an orange tabby lazing in the sunshine. "The truth hurt when I understood it."

"So you are working on your thesis in the mornings?" Daya guessed, trying to get rid of bespectacled Garfield image in her mind. "There're folders in the corner of your desktop that have weird names... not that I was spying, it just caught my eye."

Mike's lips stretched in a happy smile. "I knew, you'd say that. That's the way you think now, but you don't have to."

"Aha," Daya said. She had no idea where he was going with it.

"I go to the library early to continue doing what I enjoy, collecting facts, memorizing them. Otherwise, how would I know that there are four Grand Prix events this November, the next one in Grenoble, France."

For a second, the room, the comfy worn-leather couch, and the red-headed devil reclining on it smudged away from reality. Instead, she saw Grenoble arena flooded with the shining light, and the sparkling ice.

Her mouth went dry with desire. If she could not be there, she wanted to see it. From afar, on a TV screen half-a-world away, whatever. She wanted to see it. Then the invisible claw got hold of her gut and twisted it... No. Never again. I wouldn't even look.

No. Never again. I wouldn't even look. "You memorized it to make fun of me?" She sounded as raw as she felt. Mike, of all people... please, not Mike. She could not stand him judging her a failure.

Mike jerked upright to say no! so loudly that she'd heard him through the cotton ball of hurt.

no! He did not scream though; she doubted Mike even learned how to yell. By some reason that made her believe that he did not mean to needle her.

"Daya, what I am trying to say is that if you change the manner of your thinking, the way I did, you can enjoy what you love, but discard the painful part."

She smiled through welling tears. "Mike, are you trying to sell an ethnic Indian on accepting the suffering?"

He chopped stuffy air with the ridge of his hand. "Never mind me. I've passed my quarter-life crisis with flying colors. I am twenty-seven, and thirty does not scare me one wit."

She decided he sounded more passionate than smug, and because of it, he deserved an answer. "Good for you."

"I want the same for you. I don't want to see this harrowed expression whenever you think about skating. I want you to lace up those precious skates of yours and go enjoy whatever it is you enjoy about it."

He lost the resemblance to a feline while climbing out of the cushions' embrace.

"We need to work on your balance once the cast is off," she said half-heartedly, thinking about his unasked question. Could she explain to a dedicated couch potato that she loved skating because it was like flying? She wished he could experience it, lifting in the air to the music and lights, however impossible it seemed for him.

"Wait here," Mike asked. An inoffensive smell of soap and a drugstore deodorant touched her nostrils as he leaned forward on the crutches.

She was used to it now. It always lingered on his sweaters... whoever wears sweaters, real knit sweaters with a cable pattern? At his weight, he should sweat buckets, but he seemed to always be chilly. Maybe they need to run a full blood panel, because it could be serious. She didn't want it to be serious.

whoever wears sweaters, real knit sweaters with a cable pattern? Mike disappeared down the hall, and into his Bluebeard lair, the room Daya couldn't help but secretly believe to be just like her little brother's, only strewn with comic books and funko pop from Star Wars or something, instead of clothes, fashion magazines and shoes.

Maybe he had a fatal illness, and him helping her was a parting gift to the world. He did say something about forswearing relationships the other day... She ensconced herself deeper in the couch. I'm imagining things.

Maybe he had a fatal illness, and him helping her was a parting gift to the world. He did say something about forswearing relationships the other day... I'm imagining things. Mike came back with a skinny, worn paperback squeezed between his reddening chin and knit-clad chest, laboring furiously with his crutches.

"Here," he said proudly depositing his treasure on the coffee table.

There, he looks perfectly healthy, fifty pounds too healthy, so stop imagining things. He's fine.

There, he looks perfectly healthy, fifty pounds too healthy, so stop imagining things. He's fine. Daya forced herself from gaping at Mike and turned her gaze to the book instead.





7. #LoveIs... Autofill the Rest, November 2017


Mike loved the book, from the cheesy drawing of an opened head with gears pouring out of it on the cover, to the lingering library smell. It even had a paper sleeve on its jacket, the kind they used to put the due date card in before electronic check-outs took over.

Daya frowned at his treasure. "It has a Vancouver library stamp on it. Michael Giacomo Wilson, did you steal this book?"

"Rescued," he explained, drawing his finger down the length of the book's spine, as if it were a kitten. "It was heading for an incinerator, poor thing, but I paid the ransom and kept it."

She picked the book up with a smile that made him happy he had said his piece. He'd much rather watch the corners of her lips curl up, and delicate fingers leaf the pages than talk.

A woman leafing through a book—he could watch it for minutes on end. Hours even... particularly this woman leafing his book. With her holding it, he would have loved to pet his treasure even more: the spine, the slim fingers, the tiny wrists. Disengage that hand from the cover, upturn the wrist, kiss it...

this his She closed the book to read its title. "Hmm... Winners Don't Have Bad Days. " Then she flipped through the pages again, sending his heart soaring... okay, maybe not soaring. Maybe his heart was making circles with the gulls over the storm pond beyond the window. And, yes, they were the inner city trash-gulls, not the free-roaming sea-gulls, but the scene before him was more uplifting than anything that had happened to him in a while.

Winners Don't Have Bad Days. He had missed her since forever, his heart lied, since before they had met... Two months ago, his brain reminded his heart, not even two months ago.

"It sounds like a rough hewn and patronizing take on mindfulness," she said, startling him from the debate between his senses and his sensitivities. The dark-brown eyes squinted at the flyleaf. "Given the vintage, it's unsurprising..."

When she rolled them at him, he noticed that the whites of her eyes had an indigo tint at the edges. Or maybe it was a shade from her curly eyelashes. "Look here. Forget what the society has taught you. Love is not an untamed horse, eager to throw off her rider. Don't you just love the imagery?"

Forget what the society has taught you. Love is not an untamed horse, eager to throw off her rider. "What?" Good thing he had a broken foot encased in concrete—fine, fine, stuck in a plastic cast. Otherwise he'd have jumped up and grabbed the book from her. "I stayed to the parts about living in the present and finding fulfillment in your work by searching for ways to enjoy even the most mundane occupation."

She started laughing, a throaty sound full of gurgles and gigantic bright flowers like hibiscus Carol babied in the sunniest corner of the library. It produced one red flower every few months, but Daya's laughter was much rarer.

"Mike, I am sure you got something out of it at some point, but... I've done a bit of psychology for my degree, to help people with mental blocks. This is trashy as far as the self-help books go. I'm not even sure why they tacked on the self-hypnosis exercises, to make it even sillier or something."

With a thrilling sensation of digging a bottomless pit for himself, he took the book from her, placed his finger where hers had been, bookmarking the page she was quoting.

She'd challenged him, and she was laughing.

Hmm... The text wasn't promising, but darn it, he had to keep the ball rolling, had to keep the spark in her eyes, even if she laughed at his expense. Also, she's wrong.

Hmm... Also, she's wrong. "Falling in love is an empowering event in an adult's life. You meet someone great, love them, your whole life goes right," he started tentatively, watching her reactions. "If it stays out of your reach for too long, the heart loses its elasticity, and it gets harder and harder to fall in love."



Her back, already straight, straightened even more. The chin flicked towards him, eyes opening wider. She did not think her words over. "If you meet someone great, you will fall for them with no book to tell you what to do."

"It happens sometimes, I won't argue it. But imagine the cases when instead of falling for the right person, an undisciplined mind flutters: oh, is this a flaw? What about that other girl I spotted in the hall? True love is nonsense... Thus, doubts erode an otherwise perfect thing. Or it takes so long to see how perfect, how fortuitous the conflagration of the circumstances is, that the opportunity to love is lost."

oh, is this a flaw? What about that other girl I spotted in the hall? True love is nonsense... That earned him a shrug. "So what? You move on and try again."

A shrug!

He wanted to ask if it had happened to her, but that was off-bounds. "What if instead you could laser-focus only on the good, and develop the deep, meaningful attachment far sooner and without all the perturbations?"

Daya scoffed. "Wonderful. This book should go on the gift registry for every marriage of convenience."

He pulled his sweater's collar away from his itching neck. The heater must be acting up today, he should check it. "It was not about forcing the unwanted down one's throat, only overcoming self-sabotage."

Her teeth flashed when she smiled, more even and white than Carol's fake pearls, offsetting the skin that absorbed a million hours of sunshine. "Give it up already, Mike."

Even when her smile was skeptical, seeing it made him forget that he bought it by making a fool of himself. Daya made him eager to be a fool... no, not eager. Less scared of it. "Hypothetically, if I wanted to lose weight..." he caught himself at the last moment, "...that is, if I wanted to lose more weight, I could set myself a secondary goal to fall in love with someone who is a model of physical perfection. Someone like you. Love would inspire me, carry me through tough times--"

more Daya twirled around the living room, throwing her arms wide, her face upturned in ecstasy. At some point she tugged the hair band free, and the hair cascaded down her shoulders. She was inviting happiness into her life, Mike realized. Even in mocking him, her movements told a story and arrested his attention.

"I shall read it as well and fall for you to overcome my figure skating hangover! Then we run away into a flower garden under the rainbows." She put her fingers together like a frame and centered it on him. "Final shot: Sonu Nigam sings sweetly in the background."

She chuckled. "That's Bollywood, Mike, not real life."

I should not have carried this foolish act this far. She is smart. "You..." He gulped for air. Funny, she danced around the room, but it was he who was out of breath. "You wouldn't have to do anything. Theoretically, once I had achieved my goal weight, I'd use an inverse technique, stop being in love with you. Positive outcomes all around."

I should not have carried this foolish act this far. She is smart. She was laughing so hard, tears welled up, brightening her eyes.

He pushed the tissue box over the glass top of the coffee table towards her, and she dabbed them dry.

"Mike, we're doing it my way. Gym time!"

Belting out a cheerful Bollywood tune didn't sound so bad now... "Do we have to go to the gym? I don't really want to lose weight, it was just a hypothetical scenario."

Daya pointed at his avatar on the TV screen. "You don't want to lose weight? Then why does your alter ego looks like this?"

Patience is a princely virtue... " Because it's the only body type in this game."

Patience is a princely virtue... " only Instead of accepting this perfectly rational explanation, Daya slammed her fists into her narrow waist, made even smaller by the devilish athletic wear designers. "Mike! Now!"

He waved the book at her. "I'll pine so hard that I'll wither before your very eyes. Perhaps, if I am not in love with you by Christmas... I'll start going to the gym then?"

"Oh, it's a win-win for me now? And I prove you wrong how? Take you on your word?"

me This was her problem with his proposal, the accountability? Peculiar . Oh, Daya Dhawan, thy mysteries are many. "You can always spot true love."

Peculiar Oh, Daya Dhawan, thy mysteries are many. Daya's eyes tinged with sadness. "No, you don't. Sometimes you think you do, but you're wrong."

Mike gave up fighting. Daya didn't leave her ice castle in Toronto just because. Some bastard must have broken her heart, so he couldn't very well keep whining about his toes. Hearts hurt longer after the breaks.

And he could use something sweet, with a bit of a crunch.

A chocolate bar? No, no, that was all wrong. A Twix would just smother him, stick to his teeth, leave its sugary aftertaste lingering along with guilt.

A chocolate bar? Almonds dipped in dark chocolate would be just the thing. First bite would crack the chocolate coating, the second one would break up the almond, freeing up the flavor. It is such a tease, a sweet little thing pretending to be bitter, like a white lie...

He could grab a few from his stash and pop them one by one into his mouth with no one noticing. Even if the certain someone noticed him eating it, dark chocolate and almonds were a healthy choice.





Thrilling, Fun and HOT


Thank you for checking out Winners Don't Have Bad Days !

Winners Don't Have Bad Days Do you want more romance and adventure?

more Then join me on my lawless, whirlwind, and crazy-romantic series that pair up sassy, relatable heroines with the hottest, dangerous men. Set in LA, with adventure-filled escapades in France, Marocco, Mexico and Russia, those are love stories to die for, and the Happy Endings are the sweetest after the greatest storms!

Trapped by the Mafia and Raised by the Mafia are one click away!

Trapped by the Mafia Raised by the Mafia https://www.wattpad.com/story/230456387-trapped-by-the-mafia-a-tangorello-crime-family





https://www.wattpad.com/story/251390328-raised-by-the-mafia-a-tangorello-crime-family





If you are looking for amazing courtship and spicy romantic rivalry between brothers and sisters in a Regency setting, I have a BRAND-NEW treat for you!

Her Unlikeliest Suitor is right here!

Her Unlikeliest Suitor https://www.wattpad.com/story/257287067-her-unlikeliest-suitor-a-regency-romance-onc-2021





And, of course, I have fantasy romances too, so check out my profile and see if I am your gal.

Love ya all!!!





8. #Adrenaline, November 2017


Mike in love with me by Christmas, what nonsense. He would say anything to get out of going to the gym, like a twelve-year-old. More articulately, granted...

Mike in love with me by Christmas, what nonsense. What would it feel like, to have someone like Mike in love with me? She nearly stomped her foot, as if it could squish the unbidden thought. They couldn't manage a grocery list without a battle of wills, let alone a relationship. But what would it feel like?

What would it feel like, to have someone like Mike in love with me? But what would it feel like? Daya had never taken the elevator in VITAL before, but she did not have the heart to march the heartthrob down the ramp while he was still on crutches. So, she covered up her discomfort with a grin while waiting on the slowest elevator in the world. The sign on its doors enticed: Climb the ramp up, lower your blood pressure!

Climb the ramp up, lower your blood pressure! It moved at the thoughtful pace too, so Daya burst out ready for action. She might have pressed the button that kept the doors opened for Mike to limp out with a bit too much vigor. Thank you, Daya! sounded suspiciously enthusiastic.

Thank you, Daya! But they were not there yet, oh no! A tall black woman turned around at the sound of Mike's voice, abandoned her previous direction and advanced on them.

The women wore a gym outfit that exploited the potency of neon to the max. There was a song that went with a shirt this pink/orange/lime. Daya could not quite put her finger on it, but she tried her best.

'Focus on Me' by Grande? The indomitable frizzle of hair ready to spring into an Afro nimbus went with that song too.

'Focus on Me' by Grande? The wearer's enthusiasm at the sight of Mike matched the explosion of colors and hair. "Michael, look at you going to the gym, and still on crutches! You are my hero."

"He is serious about his rehab," Daya said diplomatically, itching to mention how hard it was to part him with his couch. She contemplated hiring a bulldozer out of Fort Mac. If it could move tons of rock, it could move Mike.

The vibrant lady beamed at her. "And you must be Daya. I wonder how you managed this miracle of motivation. My husband would not lift his butt from the TV if he has a hangnail."

"Good afternoon, Carol," Mike put in hastily. His shoulders looked stiffer to her than the immobilized leg. "You're correct: this my life coach, Daya. Daya, this is my supervisor, Carol."

He said it all in one breath as if mimicking his boss, but where Carol's words run into one another because she was buoyant, Mike sounded listless.

Come on, Mike, look at all the people here, listen to the beat. This is a happy place, a source of pulsating energy.

Come on, Mike, look at all the people here, listen to the beat. This is a happy place, a source of pulsating energy. "I want a recipe for that green smoothie, too. Michael glows from it," Carol said. A faint accent lurked in the back lanes of Carol's voice, making Daya think she'd be called my dear at some point. She appreciated when she wasn't, otherwise it would be too much like her mom.

my dear "I don't think you have anything to worry about in this department," Daya said. "You have an amazing complexion, Carol."

Carol patted her plump cheeks—her black skin was so wonderfully smooth that she could moonlight by advertising cosmetics. "It is, it is, but it never hurts to give our Lord a bit of help, eh?"





Small talk was great, Carol was great, but she wanted to get on with it. She grew tired of watching the lumpy martyr out of the corner of her eye. Mike couldn't bolt away from her on his bum leg, but she would not put it past him to plop to the ground and refuse to go any further.





"I'll print the recipe for you," Daya promised.

Mike's expressive face grew more pained by the minute. Gosh, this slightly aquiline nose looks good when he is moody... She shouldn't derive pleasure from his discomfort, but by whatever reason—

Gosh, this slightly aquiline nose looks good when he is moody...

"Well, Daya, it was wonderful to put a face to the name, but my Zumba is about to start," Carol said, darting glances at the other yoga-panted, bottle-toting, chatting ladies streaming past them. They all made a bee-line for the glass-walled space divided into three gyms by heavy leather curtains. Each partition was the size of a basketball court.

The upbeat Latin rhythm for the popular dance workout was already blaring from the farthest of the gyms, covering up the dribble of basketballs at the closest one. The high school crowd playing the ball did not bat an eyelash at the music.

But it sent shivers through Daya. Parts of her body moved on their own accord, not yet dancing, but making everything else blurry. She wanted to let go, forget about herding Mike to an appropriate exercise machine, ignore the atrocious quality of the audio, and dance.

Carol picked up on the dancing vibe in the air too and shimmied. "Best thing in the world, dancing. A fun workout too. You two should join us once Michael is better."

"No. She is teaching me how to skate," Mike blurted out.

Distracted as she was by the music, his words took a moment to register with Daya.

For a second Mike seemed startled by his own abruptness too, by how rude, how final, how curt that no sounded.

no Then an unfamiliar stubborn expression took over his face; his jowls shifted under the skin, his cheekbones solidified.

He no longer looked like he wanted to be anywhere but here. His eyes gripped hers, challenging her to drop a no of her own like a brick on his injured foot in front of Carol.

no The weasel thought he had found a way to prove that she had an Achilles heel. Ha!

Ha! "We'll start with aquasize to prep him," Daya said. That would bring the wince back and he wouldn't get the admission he wanted. Win-win.

The image of plastic floats strapped across Mike's chest like bandoleer on a comic book hero, while he bobbed in the pool with the old ladies, was nearly enough of a payback for putting her on the spot.

Carol forgot about her class, whipping her head between them.

"Right." Mike inclined his head forward, a picture perfect of a stubborn toddler who would not yield an inch. "Aquasize first, to warm me up for my quad axel."

Did he think reading wiki articles was enough to know everything about the figure skating? Or that he knew everything about her ? Quad axel, my ass.

her Quad axel, my ass. She addressed herself to Carol, imitating elated tones of the Japanese sports commentators. "Even Yuzuru Hanyu, the Olympic Gold medalist did not land a quad axel in competition yet."

"Neither did I, neither did I," Mike said. A master of self-deprecating smiles, this time he didn't intend it to diffuse the tension. "Hanyu and I, we have so much in common."

Carol chuckled, and fled to the gym, jogging along the glass wall, out of the way of the rambunctious teens on the court.

Out of our way too, Daya realized. She had good instincts, this Carol. Mike didn't.

Out of our way too, "Let's go, Hanyu ." She would have dragged Mike by the ear if it was not for his crutches. "You can't even start imagining what he does to be where he is. The hours, the pain, the nonsense—so stop pretending you do. Never pretend to get it. Ever."

Hanyu Her cheeks flushed so much, she wished she could splash the water from the drinking fountain into her face. She didn't mean to sound so pissed, but Mike dropped his eyes to the floor. It qualified as success.



"There." She pointed him to two machines. "These are designed for people with the low-body injuries. You could pedal with your arms or pull yourself up the climbing rope."

He sat down heavily at the closest one, red spots blooming in his cheeks. The birds of a feather flock together...

The birds of a feather flock together... She exhaled in frustration. "You did not even try to choose, did you? Just took the path of least resistance. Like with everything else."

This was a wrong thing to say, a personal thing, not professional. She was pissed with him, unreasonably, inexplicably, irrationally mad at him. Everything out of her mouth in the past few minutes was not something she could tell a client. "Ah. Sorry. I'm sorry."

was Weak sauce. "Try to stretch out, and engage your core, right here, see?" She put her hand in the middle of his belly and he grimaced. She persisted: "Don't just pull with your hands and shoulders or you will hurt yourself."

Weak sauce. I'm already hurt, his eyes said.

I'm already hurt, "Try it, and I will adjust the resistance."

"Daya?" He flexed his shoulders. "I chose this machine because I can turn it into something appealing in my mind, convince myself to see this exercise as cool. I imagine myself climbing Sogdian Rock on Alexander's orders, to defeat proud Arimazes. The night is growing short, and I have only till the first light to ascend it. If I lose my footing and fall to my death, I must do so in silence, to keep the thing secret."

Why did it make her angrier? She could stand being proven wrong. And he was engaged in the workout, something that she had wanted. But a sneaking suspicion occurred to her.

She looked into his eyes, saw nothing but an earnest gaze amplified by his glasses. "Mike, I know you mean well, but stop trying to sell me on your silly book."

His eyes flicked to her hand that found a way to his shoulder. She must have gripped it while trying to get a better eye-contact.

Now that she noticed that he had noticed, the only thing she could do was not jerk her hand away. It was harder than keeping it on a hot pan's handle. But she had to grunt and bear, because if she didn't, he'd start imagining things, particularly after that stupid love-on-demand conversation that they had. In love with me by Christmas, will you! Nonsense, nonsense, nonsense...

In love with me by Christmas, will you! Nonsense, nonsense, nonsense... She was subconsciously copying her domineering coach's gesture, that's all. She probably did it all the time with her other clients.

"Daya, did you meet Hanyu when you trained back in Toronto?" Mike asked. The question took on a bizarre personal dimension because of the intimate proximity of his face.

"Different club," Daya replied, sliding her hand away and straightening. "I saw him in practice and in competitions a few times. He is incredible. Why?"

"Just curious."

In Daya's experience, nobody was just curious about Yuzuru Hanyu.

just curious That the Japanese champion trained in Toronto was not exactly a piece of trivia she'd expected a random person to know. Mike definitely had been researching figure skating, and she couldn't decide how she felt about it.





So, she shrugged, pretending that she bought it. "Well, now you know. Let's focus on you walking, not on his skating or my skating... or any kind of skating. Okay?"

He nodded.

"Good luck reaching the top of your rock. I'll go hit the weights."

She stuck the earbud in and bounded up the stairs to the kettlebells rack to the latest K-pop tunes. Keeping 45 lbs of cast iron from flying out of her grasp on the upswing or crashing down on her head on the downswing made her almost forget the dopey fall-in-love fitness plan.

It was harder to ignore the arena materializing in her mind. She'd start counting her reps, get in the zone with the music, and then a thought would intrude. Right there, after that pause, I could jump a triple flip-double axel combo...

Right there, after that pause, I could jump a triple flip-double axel combo... Curse you, Mike!

Curse you, Mike! She might have accidentally doubled the rep count on a set or two because she was so distracted. By the time she finished her workout, her arms were shaking, her bra clung wetly to her skin, soaked with sweat.

In a sour mood, she advanced on the guy whose ears should have been smoking by now from her curses.

Mike's cheeks and neck turned nearly as bright as Carol's Zumba outfit had been. While his freckles became engulfed by these pink splotches, the runaway red curls still stood out plastered to his forehead. And his Starks of Winterfell tee shirt soaked in so much sweat, she itched to wring it out for him.

He was a fish out of water in the gym.

"Who won?" she whispered into his ear as if they were two kids playing a secret game.

He tossed her an offended glance above his glasses, as in seriously, Miss? "Alexander. I don't do alternative history re-enactments."

seriously, Miss? alternative And it put you on the winning side, Daya thought, but did not point it out loud. He'd just feed her hogwash, try to prove that he was not a regular human, someone who both wanted to win and cheered on the winners. "High five then, brave hero! Grats on your first workout."

And it put you on the winning side, Mike's brows floated up, and his hand floated up, presenting Daya with his palm for slapping, both gestures uncertain.

Maybe he didn't get much praise in his life? He seemed too accomplished for that; too clean, too well-spoken.

Maybe he didn't get much praise in his life? Some people shied away from the spotlight, that was his case, probably... and his hands were envy-worthy. She slammed the palm he offered her so hesitantly with gusto. A tangible energy shot through her when their hands connected—did she slap too hard?

"Sorry, Mike, adrenaline rush."

He blinked, inspecting his hand. "No harm done."

Growing giddier by the minute, Daya let the laughter bubble up. It felt good to have him here. A client's success was an uplifting thing, but her excitement went beyond that.

She hadn't felt happy for a while, so why fight instead of reveling in it? "It's good to see you away from the couch. I hope that after we're done with your rehab, you'll stick with the gym. It's just... just so good."

She cut herself off before saying the same thing for the third time. "Sorry if I sound like an over-caffeinated squirrel, but I want you to experience a sense of well-being that comes with regular exercise."

There, this sounded half-way professional. Except for the irrepressible grin stretching her lips.

"While we are on the subject, will you come with me for the next doctor's visit?" he asked, shifting uncomfortably on the bench. "Even if we have to pay for parking?"

Her heart went out to him. I'm an idiot . It was Mike's first serious injury. Some people wore them as badges of honor, some got freaked out. It scared him; he didn't trust his body to do its job.

I'm an idiot Before the professional Daya stepped in, the impulsive one draped her arm around Mike's shoulders and gave a little squeeze.

"I'll come, don't worry. It feels awkward for a while, but with physio and exercise, it's not that bad. You'll do fine, you'll see."

She came with him to the medical centre.

Twice.





9. #ToStumble, November 2017


Daya's eyes rounded as Mike tapped his credit card to the parking meter at the medical center. She coughed and dropped her gaze to the slush underfoot when he did not flinch. What little sunshine filtered through the gray clouds seemed to dim further, but he ignored it. Out of the two of them, he was not the one with the cash flow problems.

"You never seem to worry about money," she intimated to her sneakers. Left to right, she pushed the pickled snow with her toe. Melt-water pooled around her other shoe.

A mammoth's bulk of sadness pushed irritation out of his chest. "I live frugally."

Also, I would have traded financial stability for having dad back. But in 2017, you don't get an offer like this. God is dead, the devil is dead. Dad is dead.

Also, I would have traded financial stability for having dad back. But in 2017, you don't get an offer like this. God is dead, the devil is dead. Dad is dead. "Let's go before you get your feet wet."

"Mike!" she threw her hands up in the air. "I'm not five!"

"Tell that to your shoes." He rotated on crutches, aimed at the medical facility and charged on. His crutch-moving technique became so refined over the last few weeks that he almost loathed to get rid of them. It's been a while since he'd become good at anything new.

Ye gods, what did he want, a lollipop from the doctor? Then again, there were weirder things to be proud of.

Also, all weird things must end.

Once they removed the cast and he re-learned to get around well enough on his own, Daya would pack her two sorry duffel bags, grab the glittering case with her skates, and walk out of his life...

All good things must end.

No, he'd rather not think about it. He'd rather watch her splashing in the puddles on the parking lot. Not a child, huh?

Not a child, huh? He followed her inside the disinfectant-smelling med-center like it was a gingerbread castle.

"You'll be able to walk today," she promised, rewarding his efforts with the big bright smile, the tense moment forgotten. "I just know it."

Even under the uncompromising halogen lights, she channeled the joy of life. The change of her energy was violent, as if he shifted a stone that held back a geyser.

He loved when it happened, normally in the gym. It was worth every minute he spent there, making a fool of himself by pulling a rope or shadow boxing, although he wished there was some other way of stopping her from sliding back to the shoulders-slumped mood.

He hadn't figured out yet if it was just a personal life coach mode or if it was a genuine Daya. He might never figure it out in the time remaining. Let it be the real thing, for happiness is infectious.

Let it be the real thing, for happiness is infectious. ***

The X-ray technician twisted his leg at an angle it refused to bend, guaranteeing a quality image. Mike manfully endured the procedure, thinking about Daya waiting in a curtained away nook of the hospital.

A hug would have been nice, but he didn't ask for one once he rejoined her. "In the sixteenth century, doctors wore long-nosed half-masks."

Daya shifted in her chair. "Mike, that's cool, but we need to talk about something else. I've paid for the car yesterday... So, ah, rent?"

"So, ah, bill for all the personal fitness sessions?" he teased, and covered his eyes with his hand. These dreadful hospital lights, they were a murder on his eyes. "I will be away over Christmas, if you could house-sit, that would be great, and takes care of anything you owe me."

"I'm sorry, I can't. I'm visiting with my sister in Ontario. She's buying my plane ticket as a gift, and she might get a divorce... I need to see her, and my folks. Nihal would be off from school too, and... ah!" The worried frown that cut in between her brows whenever she talked about her sister's problems got washed away by floodwater of animated smiles.

He kicked himself mentally on his damaged foot. Unlike him, she didn't view a week with family as the closest thing to self-flagellation. What did he think, she'd jump at the opportunity to stumble around his empty condo instead of falling back into the loving fold?

She'd be chasing her little niece and nephew, laughing till her wonderful eyes veil with happy tears, and feasting on curries, while he'd be choking down something vegan at the retreat with his mother and step-father.

If only he could think of a reason to beg her to take him along...

"January then? We'll figure out the rent after the New Year?" His breath caught in his throat. Please, say, yes, we'll figure it out then.

Please, say, yes, we'll figure it out then. She chewed her lip. "Mike... okay. As long as it doesn't mess with your personal life, okay?"

His personal life was sitting in a blue plastic chair to his right. "I've told you, I've given up climbing women's balconies. Anyone's balconies."

Anyone's "Wait till the cast is off, and we can up on cardio. You'll have ladies scaling the walls for you in no time!" she said with enthusiasm that he found just a little frightening.

you He affected a martyred smile. "Oh, no, more problems! I will need to keep a broom next to the window, to deal with the infestation of the unfamiliar ladies. Why anyone would want to lose weight?"

She fiddled with the zipper at the collar of her jacket. "Mike, I know you are not seeing much progress, but your body is still healing, so don't give up. I will review the program, maybe we can check for food intolerances, and I promise you, we'll make it work."

Oh, hell.

Oh, hell. The doctor walked in, prevented Mike from hanging his head in shame and confessing his gastronomical indulgences. Oh, Daya, I have sinned. This is not your fault.

Oh, Daya, I have sinned. This is not your fault. "Mike? Try to stand," the doctor said, staring at him expectantly. He must have been saying something about the sheet of film with the white bones surrounded by shadows. His X-ray, and he should have been interested, instead of obsessing over Daya.

In the throes of guilt he'd missed every word that the doctor had just said, but he didn't feel like robbing other patients of timely care by asking the doc to repeat himself.

Automatically, Mike obeyed the command, still far more concerned about what he should do about his white lies.

The pain shot up, and he'd have tumbled if he didn't clutch Daya who dashed to his side.

The yelp he gave out was anything but manly. "I'm sorry, sorry..."

She propped him as if she'd done it all her life, easing him back into the chair. Whom was he kidding? Where the balconies went, this was the only lady he would go climbing for. Where the windows went, he'd given her the keys. His hand wrapped around hers as he waited for the pain to stop tearing his foot from inside out.

"It's okay," she whispered in a tone that had nothing to do with cheer-leading. This was genuine Daya.

And I am lying to her... High-five!

And I am lying to her... High-five! The doctor squinted at the x-rays. "If it's still painful, let's be on the safe side and keep the cast on for another two weeks."

Mike slowly let out a breath... December, he would make it into December with the girl he had promised to fall in love with by Christmas.





10. #IceTime, December 2017


Mike was stumbling around, Mike was bugging her about her skates, Mike was getting under her skin even in her own bloody head. Mike, Mike, Mike...

Mike, Mike, Mike... She twisted around, fighting the sweaty sheet. Mike, who had probably never even laced a pair of skates on. She'd have to ask... no, if she'd asked, he'd turn it into another one of those take me skating, because it is the best for you' things .

take me skating, because it is the best for you' things Daya tossed the pillow out of the fold-out bed—Mike's fold-out bed, aargh!—and pressed her cheek to the still reasonably cool sheet. The numbers on the clock face blinked relentlessly. Each flash—a cruel reminder that she had squandered away her seven hours of sleep.

At 4:31 am Mike's shower started up.

She hopped out of bed and walked over the discarded sleepy tee-shirt to open the closet's door. Sleeping naked felt weird. Maybe that's why she couldn't fall asleep, but Mike—damn it!—Mike kept his place sweltering. She stared inside the closet, blinking away the sleepless night.





The suitcase glittered in the corner, taking up almost half the space, the stupid thing...

If she stepped on the ice again, would she look as unsure of her footing as Mike had been in the med-center? For the second time, she had to see him falling.

The first time, it surprised her. Yesterday, she caught him, although he could have born her down with his bulk. And she didn't want to let go when the only danger remaining was him falling out of the chair. The tears welling in his eyes knocked breath out of her like a hit to her solar plexus—and she had seen more people crushing down than most.

For goodness' sake, Mike, Mike, Mike... forget Mike.

For goodness' sake, Mike, Mike, Mike... forget Mike. Her hand reached out to the suitcase. Would I fall if I jump?

Would I fall if I jump? She'd never taken a break this long before. Her flexibility was there, and she'd never stopped with cardio and strength training, but could she still jump? She did it on dry land, but dry land was different.

As if in a dream, she pulled the suitcase's handle. It resisted, the wheels stuck on a wrinkle in the carpet. She jerked it free, lifted it on her unmade bed and clicked the locks open. Nestled inside, the skates gleamed at her, white and silver, untarnished.

The blades of glory, my ass.

The blades of glory, my ass. The edges, the groove through the middle, the pick at the end, the heel, the demanding curve of the white boot, and the mesh cut-outs that hinted at wings.

Her skates, so special, so orphaned.

She ran her finger along the metal of one blade. It felt sharp. They were like a bridal dress from a cancelled wedding. No point of keeping it, no heart to throw it away, nobody to pass it on to. Unless Rajni or Veer could skate, they were almost of an age when you could see—nah, after all Shanti had done for her, she'd never bring her own kids to the skating rink.

At least if she were in Shanti's shoes, she wouldn't, not after watching Mike fall.

Forget Mike! she ordered herself for the hundredth time. Could her little niece and nephew skate?

Could Could I? Curse Mike for teasing skating out of its grave in the farthest corner of her soul. She dropped her face into the palms of her hands. How she wanted it... the skating that is. Not Mike falling in love with her for Christmas. Skating, she'd think about the skating.

Could I? Heartache... Dancing on My Own... white light, and the expanse of whiter ice. Opening pose from kneeling to project being beat to the spectators, rise, rise, rise and rush away.

Heartache... Dancing on My Own... white light, and the expanse of whiter ice. Opening pose from kneeling to project being beat to the spectators, rise, rise, rise and rush away.

Pick up speed, and straight into a combo jump... cover the rink as if there is no escape... next would be her biggest jump...

Pick up speed, and straight into a combo jump... cover the rink as if there is no escape... next would be her biggest jump... And, of course, you would land it flawlessly, perfect edges, no under-rotation, no fall?

And, of course, you would land it flawlessly, perfect edges, no under-rotation, no fall? Inconceivable!

Inconceivable! Inconceivable... She snapped the lid closed and threw something on her body at random, panties, bra, shirt, pants, socks... whatever.

Inconceivable... Her clothes all went together well. This was not a costume to agonize over. And she'd grab a shower when she had soaked it through with her sweat, after every inch of her body is aching. Thinking of sweating, she picked out the second set of clothes to change into and packed it into her gym bag.

This was another one of those days she needed to work herself hard. To music that was not gut wrenching. She needed something upbeat, something fun... She swiped through Spotify playlists until a mix caught her eye. Sorokin's? That should be something.

Pavel Sorokin, her former club-mate drifted through life with a lopsided grin, but she'd never seen him keep anything in the tank after he'd left the ice. She could bet donuts to dollars on his mix being exactly what she needed.

Let's see what they were dancing to in Toronto.

Let's see what they were dancing to in Toronto. She put the earbuds in, and shouted through the door, "Mike! I'll give you a ride!"

The first beats of Feel the Same coated her ear.

Feel the Same She ladled broth into a thermos, and tossed ice, celery, cucumbers, kale and green apples into the blender, gave a lime a firm squeeze.

All the while, Pavel's music distracted her from the mundane things she was looking at, replacing them in her imagination with the visions of ice, flowing fabrics, straining muscles and the sound of blades cutting ice.

She chuckled as an old-timer ABBA's Waterloo kicked in, Pavel, you are a confident, confident man....

Pavel, you are a confident, confident man.... ***

*** After dropping Mike off for his library vigil, Daya walked along the second level of the yet deserted VITAL.

The empty climbing wall reached out to the second level's ceiling through the gap in the walkway to her left. The blue water of the pool stood motionless well below her, to the right. She had never entered the building through the doors by the twin skating rinks, nor parked at that second entrance. Who wanted to bump into the hockey bag toting crowds, right?

Who needed to see the arenas? Apparently, today she did. Desperately so.

She bounded down the staircase to the ground floor. Her steps slowed down the closer she got to the skating rinks. She was all but crawling past the empty reception desk.

But it was not far to go, so eventually she made it to the door of the East Arena, and peeped in. A Zamboni was making its mesmerizing circles on ice, the sight she could never tire of.

"Hey, stranger!" a cheery voice said behind her.

Startled, Daya turned around to see a miniature gal with a mop of thick, black hair overrunning her forehead and ears, but shaved off at the bottom.

"I'm Joy. Don't try so hard to remember me, or your face gonna explode. I don't remember your name, but I am pretty sure you were in the Challenge a few years back in my group..."

Somewhere in the middle, Joy extended her hand for a shake.

Challenge was a Canada-wide qualifier event for the Nationals. It was a wonder Joy remembered her from it. But, yes, she'd met the requirements a few times, and went. Hoping to make the Nationals every time too... got there twice, and that was so long ago now.

"Daya," she supplied, pumping the other girl's hand, marveling at how bird-like light it was. She could probably wrap her little finger around Joy's wrist. She imagined Joy skidding along the ice like a feather in the wind. "I'm from Ontario originally."

"Uh-huh," Joy nodded. "I'm a local gal. Quit the whole competitive circus two years back. As soon as my parents looked the other way, heh. You?"

"Last year."

"Ah still in mourning then. I get it. I teach kiddies now for Hawthorn Club, they are swell. But guess what? A buddy there don't mind me sneaking in like an idiot before the hockey guys start up. It's fifteen minutes, twenty tops, but it's the whole frigging arena all to myself."

She winked, giggling. "I think he enjoys watching me more than the hockey players."

Daya was still processing the girl just like her, but who said swell in 2017 and giggled, when Joy caught the over-sized knit top from slipping down one shoulder and said, "I'll share the ice, if you want to stretch the old bones. I'm here on Thursday/Saturdays too, same time. Bring the skates, duh."

swell The knit had colorful patches separated by fluffy strips, but the tank top hidden beneath was all business, tight and black, belying a no-nonsense approach to workout wear. Daya approved of that tank top and she liked the girl inside it, something that would never had happened if they were still competing.

Why didn't she make any friends in Calgary until the shock waves of Mike's fall shook her out of her shell? If she befriended Joy, maybe she'd stop obsessing over every little thing he had said or done and they would be able to— No, I'll keep obsessing over every little thing about him. I can't get him out of my mind... him and skating, my two loves.

No, I'll keep obsessing over every little thing about him. I can't get him out of my mind... him and skating, my two loves. Loves?

Loves? Loves.



Loves.

That's unfair. I didn't plan to fall in love with him; he wanted to fall in love with me. I didn't even like the stupid book.

That's unfair. I didn't plan to fall in love with him; he wanted to fall in love with me. I didn't even like the stupid book. While Daya wrestled with her dilemma, Joy waved and skipped down the tunnel between the two arenas, dragging her skate case behind her. It echoed a little in the cavernous empty building, giving the whole encounter an eerie feel, particularly once Joy disappeared in the locker room.

Did Joy even exist, or did my imagination conjure a figure of the Phantom of the Ice Rink?

Did Joy even exist, or did my imagination conjure a figure of the Phantom of the Ice Rink? There was only one way to find out, on Tuesday or Thursday or Saturday.





11. #ToWalkAgain, December 2017


Hospitals were made for brooding. Their institutional uniformity precipitated it, the sameness of the yellow-lit halls, sterile stainless steel and plastic curtains. The life-erasing smell of disinfectant that hang over every surface and clung to skin and fabric. Pain, death, germs, birth and those attached to the patients lingered in every corner, watching the proceedings with scared eyes. Yes, perfect for brooding.





"And... take two?" His sense of humor didn't come to the rescue, and neither did Daya's cheerful spirit. Her smile was tense—and he didn't know why. A black elastic band replaced the red one, barely visible in her beautiful hair. He missed the old one like he missed the challenging tilt of her chin. He was brooding over his impending trial by walking, but what ailed her?

"How's things, Daya?" She had a lovely name. The autocorrect replaced it with day whenever he didn't watch it like the hawk.

day "Okay." Her eyes darted away from his face as if she too was hiding a secret.

His chest hollowed out: the time was pulling its disappearing trick on him. Soon he'd board a plane, and Daya would board hers... even if he was still in the cast, he'd have to board that stupid plane. Only he'd do it in a wheelchair, on the mercy of a flight attendant.

"I want to walk," he murmured.

"You will," she said immediately, easing his heart.

He pointed at the hairband. "The red one suited you better."

The chin tilted, the lips parted, then snapped. "I did it for Cesare Borgia. I've looked him up on wiki, and now I'm a huge fan of his. He's dreamy."

"Too bad he's not on Tinder."

"Yup, an ultimate bad boy, a gift to the womankind."

So, he still held the power to summon her back from whatever inner place she was retreating to. She pulled the band off her braid and stuffed it into his hand, her chest rising and falling with more vigor than normally. "Keep it."

If only her hair wasn't so thick that it held together without the band...

He was still stretching the band between his fingers while she glowered at him when the doctor joined them with a picture of Mike's bones and shadows. Must be my soul...

Must be my soul... The doctor wasn't a talkative one, unfortunately. After all that waiting in the reception, then in the curtained-off corner, the moment of truth came too soon.

It will hurt... The band slipped off his finger, and he squeezed it tightly in his fist.

It will hurt... "Now?" he asked uselessly.

Daya did that thing with her face, when her eyes warmed up to soften his brain into fondue. "Go on. You can do it."

"I can do it," he repeated and transferred his weight on the right foot. The tears should spray with the vigor of water released from a hydrant knocked out by a drunk driver.

Nothing happened. The foot held. It didn't hurt.





He took a step, his heart flip-flopping in his chest.

Daya slipped out of the chair to assume a position a few meters away from him, smiling encouragingly. He made a step toward her, panicking. He could walk, he could walk... why couldn't he last time? Was it because he wanted her to stay longer, and his hysteric mind told his body to supply him with a convenient pain? Or did the broken bones just... mend?

I'm an idiot. It doesn't have to be over once I can walk. We work at the same place, we could go out.

I'm an idiot. It doesn't have to be over once I can walk. We work at the same place, we could go out. His leg was there, but it might as well have been an unyielding mass of a straw bale.

"Daya?" he croaked, hating himself for acting like a lost puppy.

The doctor gave him a professional nod, and handed over another bundle of papers, along with a heartfelt recommendation to sign up for physiotherapy sessions.

"This is weird." Mike dragged his foot along the mile-long hall, dragging his hand on its stain-hiding teal wall.

Daya stopped every minute to let him catch up.

"I'll never be able to suspend disbelief in action movies and games again. Heroes get beaten up within an inch of their lives and run like the wind a few minutes later. And I can't go ten steps without a breather after two months in the cast."

She made encouraging noises.

"Am I pathetic, Daya?"

"You're doing fine," she said, "but balance and range of motion will take work. Be patient, okay?"

We could be friends for eternity. That unpleasant sound? That's your teeth grinding.



We could be friends for eternity. That unpleasant sound? That's your teeth grinding.

"Daya." Mike stepped forward again. He had no desire to freak her out, but he could not go further without saying something more tangible than the worn out thank you , no matter how heartfelt, how friendly .

thank you friendly "I had never considered myself particularly lucky, but now I do. You going for a jog at exactly the right time to pick me up after I fell — if I don't see another happy coincidence in my life, it's fine by me."

She grabbed him by the elbow. "That's very sweet, Mike. But anyone would have called you an ambulance, or would have given you a ride. What you did for me was out of the ordinary."

Mike's feet stopped. No, there was nothing wrong with them this time. It was his heart hastily typing the memo to his brain. Dear brain, screw you. This woman is it.

Dear brain, screw you. This woman is it. ***

"Well, Michael..." Carol propped her cheek on her hand, as she watched his painstaking advance towards the front desk. "I think I'll keep you off the shelf restocking duty for another week."

He covered another two meters.

She tapped her fingers on her cheek and added: "Minimum."

Again, he wished he was on crutches. His own two feet did not measure up.

"But, you are on your own as far as buying your secret lunches. I've run into Daya another day, and we've chatted. I don't want to be a party to your eventual downfall. The lady means business."

"I..." He dislodged whatever was clogging his throat with desperate coughing. "I stopped cheating."

Carol arched a brow. "You did? When?"

"Today. Daya is..." there was that cursed obstruction in his throat again. "She did so much for me."

"Uh-huh." Carol's expression ended up neither pitying, nor intrigued, but a strange mix of the two.

"Besides, I need to shrink my stomach before Christmas. My mother favors the high-end places that serve you three goji berries wrapped in a kale leaf."

Even thinking about it made his skin crawl. "Daya's smoothies are a feast in comparison." Hell, looking at Daya would fill him up better than all the food he'd share with his mother.

"Uh-huh," Carol repeated. "Welcome to the healthy living, Michael. You're going to love it."

Mike whimpered. Stoic just was not his ice-cream flavor. Not that he'd be seeing ice-cream any time soon. He pulled the black hairband on his wrist and let it snap back. No ice-cream. No lies.

No ice-cream. No lies.





12. #ToSkateAgain, December 2017


Daya wrapped herself in a hug next to the entrance to the VITAL's East Arena, while the relentless voice nagged inside her head.





"Being ghosted by Joy is what you get for smuggling the skates out of the condo and lying to Mike."

"Being ghosted by Joy is what you get for smuggling the skates out of the condo and lying to Mike." "I didn't lie," she piped in miserably, "I just wasn't ready to admit that he was right, and I wanted to skate."

"I didn't lie," "I just wasn't ready to admit that he was right, and I wanted to skate." The inner voice dismissed this weak sauce defence with a derisive chuckle . "Whatever. Joy is not coming, you idiot. If you wanted to skate so badly, public skate times are--"

. "Whatever. Joy is not coming, you idiot. If you wanted to skate so badly, public skate times are--" "Hey, Daya!"

Daya nearly jumped up, her heart racing at a dangerous thousand beats per second. "Joy!"

The gal barreled past her. "Come on, time's precious. We can chat later."

Later meant half-a-second in Joy's universe.

"So you're from Ontario? Where? And originally?" And, without waiting for an answer: "You can probably teach too. I can give you a shout when I know they are recruiting. Put in a good word for you. You still remember your spins?"

Daya smiled and nodded, nodded and smiled as she pulled on the boot and started doing up the laces. This is not real... this can't be real.

This is not real... this can't be real. Joy jumped out of the gate and hopped on the ice, then pummeled her thighs. "This opens up the living energy channels according to Chinese medicine... try that. Oh, come out already, Daya! Ice won't bite you. Unless you fall and kiss it. Gosh, did you quit cold turkey or what? Or was it surgery?"

Daya bit her lip. "No surgery. I screwed up in a qualifier. Popped both my triples, fell on a combo, really badly. I've... lost it, I guess. Felt like the world was unfair, you know? I tried to keep the stiff upper lip, but my coach... Well, he turned away to cheer for the novice girls to beat my score. That's all. I left and didn't go back."

"Shit on the asshole and come on out." Joy cut-backed away from Daya, waving her over. Figure skating mavens were supposed to be like the wingless angels, not cursing brats, but she applauded Joy. The gal looked light on her feet, gaining speed in under three strokes.

"When I am alone like this, I imagine I am on the big ice, Worlds or GP," Joy shouted across the rink the dream that Daya wouldn't have dared to confess in a whisper in Antarctica. "Like I am fifteen again, still believe in all that dreams come true BS. Like, I've beat them all in the short, like twenty points ahead, and stuff. Now it's just a clean free, and I'm on the podium."

dreams come true She spun with arms folded to the chest, a good old scratch spin. "Come out, challenge me for the first place, Dhawan. Skate off!"

Daya put a foot over the threshold, took one more breath in. "Representing Canada, Daya Dhawan."

It sounded as feeble as her knees felt. Preposterous, but sitting at the boards would be worse.

She jumped on the ice and glided on.

The gleaming surface did not crack open underneath her, the frozen abyss did not consume her.

But neither were there any thunderclaps and lightning flashes, nor the applause of the invisible audience.

Save for Joy's humming and the soft buzz of the halogen lights overhead, the world didn't give a shit about Daya Dhawan stepping on the ice she had forsworn.

The world is bipolar; it loves or it hates and in between there is silence.

The world is bipolar; it loves or it hates and in between there is silence. Daya listened to the white noise for the first few strides, then filled the world's silence with music. The soundtrack in her head blended Yuri on Ice's opening song and the chords from the Phantom of the Opera, a complete mess, the first thing to think of, the banal songs.



Today, she deserved the stupid, cheap thrill, trivial, unrealistic stuff. Let it be trivial, the old warhorses songs, she didn't care.

Her legs knew better than her brain. They carried on and on, growing smarter with every step. Muscular memory expected each stride until she sensed a theme in the movement. No figures yet, no jumps, just gaining speed, and the freedom of movement in any direction, the glide, the depth of cutting into the ice.

And the theme was of imperfection and anticipation, like the two people unsure of their connection, fitting together words to express their feelings. A puzzle where there are so many pieces that you can't guess what the picture will be, and some of them stuck together by accident.

Mike and I... Mike and I... what is going on between us? Had we left behind a notch on each other's soul before rebirth or are we looking at something new? What could we forge between us?

Mike and I... Mike and I... what is going on between us? Had we left behind a notch on each other's soul before rebirth or are we looking at something new? What could we forge between us? Before she knew it, she entered a layback spin, something that did not just come naturally. She had to do it, because the theme demanded it.

"Hey," Joy called from the sidelines. "Sorry, D, but we're out of time..."

The voices from the locker room echoed hers, and Daya skated over to the gate.

She felt terrific and hot, perspiring and tuning into muscles that didn't get recruited with any other exercise. Only skating reached in there. They were like the harp's strings that waited for a musician's hand to make them sing.﻿

A bit dazed, she fumbled with her laces. Was Mike right? Could she skate without competing? Teach kids like Joy? Be more like Joy?

If she squinted, she could imagine the future where she chased a flock of adorable five-year-olds, with Mike smiling at her from the upstairs gallery.

"You looked good out there, girlfriend, not like you've skipped a year. Real smooth, and the speed.. You still got it. So, I'm guessing you were into it for yourself, not mom and dad?" Joy's words came in exploding bunches, like fireworks.

Daya squinted. "Mom and dad what?"

"Well, I don't know about your folks, mine demanded achievement because school was too lax and it was not good enough for us to just get good grades, every dumb-ass white kid can do that, yada-yada-yada.

Math, music, athletics, whatever, so long as it was more than what everyone else did. So long you could work hard at it, get points or levels or something to show for it. My brother was doing swimming and piano, I was thinking taekwondo, but skating was closer to home. And I wasn't that bad, just nowhere near good enough, Asian body advantage or not."

Daya shook her head. "No, it was not like that for me. My parents were happy while I was winning in the beginning, but if I had good grades like my sister, they'd have been even happier. I wanted to skate..."

"Figured you were one of those." Joy grinned. "Parents... heh. I swear I would be different, but now I work with other people's kids, and I'm not so sure. The day I get a baby, my own little baby, how could I make myself believe they are not the chosen one? Anyway, you've looked a-okay. Come again if you want."

Daya did.

On the ice and when she day-dreamed of being on the ice, the theme was taking shape with every practice. She tried more and more complex figures to reach out to Mike in her imagination.

On the ice, she skated away the embarrassment of saying, "Hey, guess what? You were right."

On the ice, she could joke about the falling in love by Christmas thing.



But off the ice, she kept hiding her secret outings to the skating rink from Mike, which made talking about everything else difficult.

Oh, by the way... hung at the tip of her tongue every time she glanced at the stupid book he kept on the coffee table, when commercials for the upcoming Winter Olympics played, when she tossed ice into smoothies, all the time. Oh, by the way...

Oh, by the way... Oh, by the way... She didn't even know why she was reluctant. He would be happy for her... or, at least he would have been, back in October. The October Mike was goofy and happy. Now he was sullen, prone to muttering his responses and staring at his heroes' inventory. Gone was the glee with which he used to slaughter salivating monsters.

"They don't know how to make the games anymore," he complained to her and loaded a game with fuzzy graphics. "Now, that's a fantastic story, not an open world grinder..." But, again, after a few minutes, the screen froze, and he just stared at it.

She perched on the armrest of the couch trying to break the invisible barrier between them with a pained determination of a mime.

"You don't want to go to see your parents, do you?"

"No." The sharp syllable was so unlike Mike, that she sighed and closed her eyes to conjure the sight of the skating rink.

"I'll give you a ride to the airport."

Mike got a hold of her hand and rolled his thumb up and down her knuckles, something that sent goosebumps up her arm. His eyes stayed glued to a blue-skinned scaly alien, but his neck radiated the strain like a video of tectonic plates squishing together to make mountains.

Before she could decide if she wanted to massage his neck in return, he spoke up. "I'm sorry for being a grouch."

The pause stretched. Again, it invited her to confess. I'm skating again, and I'm having a blast. Again, she did not.

I'm skating again, and I'm having a blast. "I'll pick you up when you're back from Ontario. Just text me when you land."

"I will."

They sat in an uncomfortable silence, Mike's hand squeezing and relaxing around her fingers.

Her glance strayed from it to the viciously red poinsettia that replaced the defunct lemon tree. Gosh, Christmas was almost upon them. For someone who worried about moving in with a stranger, she was now feeling peculiarly apprehensive about parting with him.

She suddenly wished with all her heart for everything to be back the way it had been before she stepped on the ice. Talking used to be easier... everything was easier.

But no, why was she lying to herself? She didn't want it to be back to how it was before she stepped on the ice. On the opposite, she wanted more ice time, more time to imagine what could be.

A flip jump. I should add a flip jump to show the moment of indecision. Add another jumping pass, keep the pressure on with a double-Euler-double combo, then transition into a step sequence, opened to the possibilities...

A flip jump. I should add a flip jump to show the moment of indecision. Add another jumping pass, keep the pressure on with a double-Euler-double combo, then transition into a step sequence, opened to the possibilities... Daya swallowed and slipped from the armrest, leaving Mike vis-a-vis with his aliens. He made everything better. He made it all... not worse. More complicated. That's just the kind of a man he was, complicated.

And yet, and yet, and yet... she couldn't stop thinking about him and his stupid promise to fall in love with her. Or stop wondering if promises like that were infectious.

***

His SantaFe no longer scared her with its size. She stepped on the gas to merge into the turnout to the airport. "Do you want to talk about it, Mike? Your parents? BC? We're early for your flight."

"No," he grunted, cradling his messenger bag. "I'm fine."

Did he take her for a fool? "You're speaking in short simple sentences, Mike. You're not fine."

He pulled his glasses off and studied the lenses in the flickering street lights of the Airport Trail.

"There is not really anything special to tell, but if you have to know... My parents divorced, my mother remarried a successful businessman. My father tried to prove something you can't prove and burned himself out trying. I'm in for a tough week of reliving my adolescent misgivings." He shrugged. "It's water under the bridge."

It didn't sound like it. "Text me if you need to talk, Mike."

"It's an electronics-free retreat." He hunched his shoulders. "Excellent for unplugging from all the stressful influences of modern life."

The words were tinged with irony.

"Then write letters. I'll read them, I promise." If safety didn't require her to keep both hands on the wheel, she'd patted him on the knee. She was pretty sure he needed it.

So she did it the moment she pulled into the drop-off parking spot at the Calgary International. "Mike, I am serious... write. Send a pigeon. Whatever."

He smiled at her for a heart-stopping moment, then rattled the locked car door. A scarlet flush lit up his left cheek and ear, the only patch of skin she could see between the toque, the scarf and the collar.

Finally defeating the lock, he struggled out of the SUV, and rummaged through the back of the car.

"I can't wait to see you again," he mumbled to the back of her head. The hatchback banged before she could turn around. The wheels of his carry-on rattled away, the sound bouncing between the pavement and the concrete canopy of the entrance.

Daya nearly slammed the door into a cab sneaking around her idling SantaFe, poised to chase Mike into the airport. Then she tossed herself back into the driver's seat and counted to ten. To twenty...

Enough with counting.

Enough with counting. Whatever nearly catapulted her out of the SUV and sent her heart pounding, whatever was sparkling between them, it was not going to unfold to Hey, I Just Met You, and This is Crazy...

Hey, I Just Met You, and This is Crazy... Mike didn't deal in crazy. He didn't want her to rush after him, courting a parking violation. But he had asked her to come back in that annoying, round-about Mike way, by saying he would pick her up from her Toronto flight.

And I will come back, I promise.



And I will come back, I promise.





13. #ChristmasCheer, December 2017


Mike started his letter on the airplane. She was right, there was more to tell.

Dear Daya,

Dear Daya, There once was a painter who fell in love with an actress. As the years went by, the painter became a digital artist, an early adopter of the marvelous tech, highly sought after by the budding gaming studios and the movie industry. Meanwhile, the actress became a flight attendant.

There once was a painter who fell in love with an actress. As the years went by, the painter became a digital artist, an early adopter of the marvelous tech, highly sought after by the budding gaming studios and the movie industry. Meanwhile, the actress became a flight attendant. The cursor blinked every time Mike took his eyes away from the snow-capped Rocky Mountains and woke up his tablet. But he let the cursor sit at the beginning of the empty line for the short flight to Vancouver. For one, the mountains were pretty, for another, trying to tell Daya about his parents made him doubt his own story. After all, he composed it in his teens, and had never revised it since.

Maybe the time to revisit the past was now, to the tune of the Christmas songs. At the very least, his questions could fill in the awkward pauses between his mother and himself, instead of relying on Don to do it.

So, the letter to Daya could wait. Should wait.

***

Vancouver greeted him with wet clumps of snow and low clouds. The driver picking him up from the airport left the windshield wipers running, while he locked Mike's suitcase in the trunk.

As bitter as the neighboring Alberta's climate was vs the coast, its boundless sky and the triple brightness of sunlight improved one's disposition.

Mike sighed, wiping his glasses. Why could not it ever be perfect? Warmth without gloominess? Sunshine without the frigid winter? Carol said that he'd miss the rhododendrons blooming on UBC campus in February, when Calgary was locked in the snowdrifts. Maybe he and Daya could escape to the indoor gardens together... if she returned.

Mike watched his hometown drift by out of the limousine's window, then the famed scenery of the Sea-to-Sky Highway to Whistler. It would have been prettier if the wilderness didn't make him feel so lonely.

***

The lodge, tucked away between the mighty trees, did little to lift his spirit, despite the porter's bright smile.

"You should try our treatment rooms," he said, visibly adjusting his stride to Mike's limping gait. Making him carry the light suitcase was an insult to the guy's snowboarding-ready physique. He should have asked the guy to grab the car just for the heck of it.

"Skiing accident?" he asked Mike after propping the reception's door open with his gigantic boot... obviously, not relying on a person weakened by the big city's stress to manhandle it.

Mike scowled, reaching for the faint Italian accent his mother took on whenever she needed to up the charm at a party. "You should see the other guy."

"Hydrotherapy is the best." The guy's head bobbed after each word. The lucky sod still had every confidence in the canned answers.

"A lovely lady once told me it's the ice that does the trick." He pried open a blue curtain to look out of the window and hide his smile. A small skating rink occupied the plaza between the three-story spa complex and the individual cabins. A few ruffled boys dashed around it with their hockey sticks.

"Ice is good," the guy cheerfully agreed.

Meanwhile, the receptionist finished her phone call with the cheerful if there is anything else you need, please call us and cheerfully tapped his name into her computer. Apparently, he was still on the lands where the use of electronics was permitted.

if there is anything else you need, please call us

"You are in cabin six, Mr. Wilson. Mr. and Mrs. Sutherland left a message for you."

She handed over a recycled-paper envelope. "Chad will show you to the cabin—"

... aha, so that's the guy's name. Wonder why he doesn't wear a name tag...

... aha, so that's the guy's name. Wonder why he doesn't wear a name tag... "... and Stefanie will be there in a minute to make sure you've settled in nicely."

... and to lock away my phone, no doubt...

... and to lock away my phone, no doubt... But after Stefanie welcomed him to the traditional lands of the Squamish and Lil'wat Nations, he surrendered his devices without complaint. There was something in the unhurried way the indigenous woman moved and in the queenly way she looked at him, that made whining about being parted with video games stupid.

"If your contacts call the reception, we will immediately notify you in case of emergencies, Mr. Wilson."

Mike suppressed a chuckle at the thought of Carol rushing to the phone with the news of a hold that went missing. "Turn heavens and earth upside down if need be, but get me Wilson! He is the only one who could handle it." This place was not designed with the average worker-bees in mind.

"Otherwise," Stefanie went on, while arranging tea service, "enjoy your retreat from the hyper-accelerated rhythm of the westernized life. I suggest that you start with listening to the sounds of the fire, the forest and the snow falling for today, and try our pools and steam huts tomorrow. "

Well, you don't have to twist my arm to make me relax.

Well, you don't have to twist my arm to make me relax. The message from his mother said they went heli-skiing and would be back by sunset. The sunset, aha. Being back for supper was not dramatic enough for Juliana Sutherland.

The sunset, aha. Mike dug up a tome on Japanese history from his suitcase and sipped his tea. It was sweetened with honey, with a hint of licorice and wild rose hips. Not strong enough to taste like medicine, but strong enough to suggest he was doing himself some good by drinking it.

The book, on the other hand... Why did he decide that it would go down easier as a shut-in? The author, peerless scholarship or not, meticulously explored every possible way to make the adventuresome Nobunaga Era dryer than a mummy in the Egyptian desert.

I would have been penning down even dryer, even more specialized articles if I completed my PhD, Mike thought. Archival laws just don't hold an appeal for the masses. It was a timely research in the era of the quickly evolving digital storage, and Mike believed in it, but he was better off with an honest day job, period.

I would have been penning down even dryer, even more specialized articles if I completed my PhD, Archival laws just don't hold an appeal for the masses. He shifted in his chair and set the densely written pages aside. Couldn't I think about something pleasant instead?

Couldn't I think about something pleasant instead? Imagination obediently returned him to the SUV, when Daya touched his knee and looked at him with those captivating eyes. An indigo shadow always outlined them, even when she did not wear make-up. Initially, he found it haunting, then he thought of femme fatale of the silent films fame... and, finally, it became something he remembered and loved about Daya's face.

The fantasy got a toehold in the memory, and went places, dangerous places.

Mike saw himself making out in the car again, the forgotten delight for those rootless. It was not as much love making , as it was the love- chasing they did as youngsters before gaining certainty in anything, the self, the surroundings, the girl.

making chasing Opportunity was all that mattered.

It was uncomfortable too, uncomfortable and inconvenient. But Daya was flexible.

He was not.

He'd probably end up pinning her hair and get an inexplicable bruise. His leg would have stuck out of the car window flagging the airport security. The elderly white-hat volunteers would have pretended to be scandalized, but hide understanding smiles.

Mike sighed. Forcing himself to think about being caught with his pants down did nothing to shut down the reptilian part of his brain. The idea of being seen as a lover, even a comedic one, titillated. That the lady in this amorous adventure took on Daya's shape made the fantasy irresistible.

It whispered in a seductive undertone how Daya's mouth would be soft, her thighs welcoming and her tummy—yielding under his fingers.

The rational part of Mike tried to bring his mind back to the land reforms in Japan, even to his thesis... and failed miserably. If Nobunaga raised from his grave in front of him waving the Canadian archival laws, it would have paled next to the taste of Daya's skin.

So much for playing a knight. Or maybe every knight had Lancelot in them, coveting their damsels in unchaste ways. Chivalry was dead... Poppycock. Chivalry was the proof of character cultivated through iron will and copious whoring.

Given the absence of saucy wenches on the premises, Mike settled for hydrotherapy. It was a good move. The first glimpse of himself in the swimming trunks brought him back to reality; his dreams were absurd. Sexual favors in exchange for kindness, ah, no, thanks.

He wrapped himself into the gigantic robe with a waterproof layer nestled between the warm plush, and limped over the cedar walkways to a hot pool, steaming in the mountainous air.

The snow caught up to him from Vancouver, but in the mountains it was fluffy. Listen to the snow, eh? He slipped into the water, rolled his head back, and closed his eyes. Each snowflake made a tiny hiss when it hit the water, melting.

Listen to the snow, eh? He heard other couples chatting and laughing and sighed again: he missed Daya terribly... perhaps, was more in love than he'd ever imagined possible. There was nothing he could do about it, but enjoy the lazy afternoon dreams about a faraway girl with eyes shadowed in indigo.





14. #Sisters, December 2017


Castlegrove suburb of Greater Toronto had houses with the same grey roofs and off-white vinyl sidings, the same handkerchiefs of front lawns, and pale green utility boxes as the Heatherton Heights in Calgary. The only difference was that they had prerequisite maples instead of the choke-cherry trees in their front yards.

Shanti got up to refill Daya's cup with tea. Her bare feet with scarlet nails moved expertly through the minefield of Rajni's Sweet Polly dolls, and Veer's LEGO pieces. Her sister's twins filled every inch of the available space with their stuff, even when contained in their bedrooms for the night. Kids are like that.

Unlike Daya, Shanti cut her hair to shoulder-length and used an industrial-strength curling iron every morning to turn the ends into a glossy wave. She wore a loose tunic, scarlet on the sleeves and at the hem-line, beige in the middle, with diamonds of curly patterns in ink-black. She kept the dangling earrings and wire-thin bangles on for the pleasant sound they made, but took off her make-up after her day in the office. Her face needed a breather, she said. In her domestic half-finery she managed to look both comfortable and picture-perfect.

In her yoga-pants, and with her fish-bone braid, Daya always felt like a frumpy schoolgirl next to her sister.

"You look brilliant, Shanti." She tugged her braid. Maybe she should get a hair-cut too.

"Thank you, kiddo," Shanti said, inserting the hot mug into Daya's hands. "But don't deflect. Did you really go in your Bluebeard's room?"

Daya stared guiltily into her tea. "Uh-huh."

Shanti fussed in her armchair, to refold her legs under her and leaned forward.

Daya kept silent.

"And?" Shanti prompted. "What was there?"

Daya also leaned forward to fix her sister with a stare. "A shrine with lady's jewelry and a wall of newspaper clippings about the murder victims."

She breathed out slowly , listening to the I have this feeling, someone is watching me... play in her head, adjusting her facial expression to match the music.

, I have this feeling, someone is watching me... Shanti rocked back in her chair, both hands to her mouth. "Noooo..."

"You are too cute!" Daya burst out laughing. "And too clever by half to fall for it."

Shanti kicked her a few times. When that was not enough, she added pounding with an embroidered cushion. "Da-ya! What. Was. In. His. Room!"

"Enough, enough, I'll tell you!" Daya wiped her tearing eyes, feeling absolutely splendid. "Lots of books. That's all, I swear, just floor to ceiling shelves full of books."

Shanti tucked her legs back under her and pouted. She pouted often, because it brought attention to how full her lips were even without the lipstick. "I don't know if I am relieved or disappointed."

"That's exactly how I felt too," Daya said, but she lied.

She had never expected to find mummified victims, Satanic cult objects or fake passports in Mike's room. Nothing this exciting.

Her humble hope was to discover a bit of a mess. A discarded sweater on the floor, a forgotten glass of water, an abandoned book in the bathroom — something out of order, left in haste... whatever. She'd even told herself that she was checking his room out because she wanted to tidy up before the cleaners' visit. Not to snoop on Mike.

Definitely not because solitude hollowed her out on her drive from the airport. I'll just peek inside, she told herself, just to check.

I'll just peek inside, just to check. Alas, her cover story got blown the moment she stepped over the threshold.

The room was as neat as the rest of his apartment. A precise hand straightened the bed-covers. Closed the curtains. Centered the pillows. Freed the floor of any garments, inner or outer. Heck, even dust, what little there was of it, seemed to be judiciously placed specifically for the cleaners to have something to do. Mike was a perfect tenant, and his whole life was just as orderly...



She should have stepped back the moment she'd realized that she'd goofed up, that she was intruding for no good reason, but something she saw on the dresser made her breath catch in her throat.

There was something out of place.

was "Oh, Mike..." she murmured. Her legs crossed the room automatically, despite her best intentions to leave.

The LEGO model of the castle, the one that Mike had said used to be in her room on the coffee table, now occupied most of his dresser.

It was so large, that he had to push a bunch of framed pictures to the side destroying what must have been a perfectly symmetrical arrangement to accommodate it.

Daya turned a little crank at the castle's side, and one of the towers moved up.

"Oh, Mike, I miss you..." She shook her head, fighting back a smile, then remembered that nobody was there to see it and grinned as wide as she wanted.

About a third of the model's base was still waiting for the LEGO bricks to stack up into the bits of the castle.

There was no way he could have carried Winterfell across the hall on crutches. To shelter her, Mike must have broken it down, scooped bits and pieces into the plastic bin sitting next to the dresser...

Okay, so it was just a toy, but it was a toy that took time and mattered to him enough to rebuild after he took it apart to let her move in.

Did it mean anything? She slid her eyes to her braid—she was getting as bad as Mike with the hairband. Does he love me? Loves me not? And would he tell her one way or another?

Does he love me? Loves me not? She knelt by the model for a bit, walking her fingers over the walls before picking up and replacing each of the pictures. She'd already trespassed, might as well finish this amateur detective crap. But she did not find out anything she did not know already. His mother was a stunning beauty, and he was gawky, freckled and red-headed as a kid, with a hint of the future tummy.

***

Shanti's spoon jingled against porcelain when she splashed some milk into her tea from a silver creamer, interrupting Daya's trip down memory lane.

"Just books?" She said squinting at Daya. "Hmm? Are you telling me everything?"

"Well, there were some pictures too. In matching frames... he is like that. Orderly."

Shanti stirred back to attention. "What kind of pictures?"

Daya shifted uncomfortably in her comfortable armchair. Shanti's marriage hit the rocks when her sister discovered pictures no wife wanted to see on Sameer's phone. Seven years of trust went down the trash bin from there, and just like that things imploded.

"Mike's family, his mom and dad, I think, him and his dad. His hair was brighter than carrots when he was a kid, but other than that..." She made a little wave in the air with her mug-free hand, indicating nothing special.

"He sounds like a nice man." Shanti stirred her tea more vigorously. One would have thought it was oil and water in her cup, not milk. "But appearances can be deceiving."

Daya sighed. Gods know, she was doing a lot of that lately, and if anyone had a cause for sighing, it was Shanti. "I'm so sorry about Sameer and you... I still can't believe it."

Shanti shook her glossy curls. "No, kiddo, when I look back at it, there were plenty of signs, but I closed my eyes. I'm better off, and that's that."

We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together —too obvious of a song choice for this moment perhaps, but that's how Shanti sounded to Daya.

We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together "And the twins?" Daya asked quietly.



"Oh, he loves them. I don't doubt that. It's the crux of the problem, he loves too easily, rather than not enough." Shanti looked directly at Daya, then slurped her tea. "I am fine."

"Good to know."

"Daya? Do you remember that day when mom left me to watch you at that skating birthday party because she had to take Nihal to the hospital?"

Daya was not sure what it had to do with Sameer, but she nodded. "First time I put on skates. Funny thing, you keep telling me how I've ruined some poor kid's birthday, and I don't remember any of it."

She wasn't completely truthful. She remembered the consummate happiness when her mother told her about the skating lessons. It must have been quite a party...

"Ruined some kid's birthday, ha! You wish..." Shanti chuckled. "You drove me bonkers. First you screamed that you did not want the skates on, nearly sliced my nose off with the blade. Then you screamed that mom was supposed to take you, not me. And that's after mom stuck me with a bunch of five-years olds and their boring parents for two hours. So, I pushed you on the ice with all the strength of an infuriated twelve-year-old. I thought landing on your face will do you good, but you somehow landed on your feet... Right on your feet..."

Shanti shook her head, still in disbelief. "Apparently, I just gave you the momentum. You whooshed down the ice. You darted all over the rink, laughing like crazy, not listening to me screaming my head off. One of the staff had to chase you down because you were messing up a class they had going on in the second half of the rink. I nearly died of embarrassment."

Daya squirted some tea through her nose, an unpleasant thing for sure, but she could not control herself. It was too funny imagining the unfortunate rink monitor chasing after a brat on skates. "I sound like a menace."

"You were. But it was at that moment that I knew it. You had it, the thing you wanted. You, a pint-sized menace, had it."

Daya squinted at her sister. "Shanti?"

"Everyone seemed to want something back then, except for me. Dad fought to have his qualifications from Punjab recognized in Ontario. Mom struggled with Nihal's epilepsy and took night classes to re-qualify as well. My friends in school wanted to be rock stars or whatever. Then you found your thing, and you were seven years younger than me."

Daya did not know what to say. She felt like she should apologize, but what for? For being five and being good on skates when other kids cried and clung to the traffic cones they put on ice for the beginners or the boards?

"Thank you," she said at last. "Thank you for taking me to that party and to all the practices and the competitions after that. Now that I think of it, it was you who sank the most time into my skating. Not even mom did that much..."

"I told you, mom had Nihal to nurse to health, and her work..." Shanti said. "So, I've got your back."

"Thank you," Daya said again. She hoped that repeating it would not wear the sentiment off, but multiply it, make it match the gratitude she felt. "Better late than never, eh? Sorry for being a diva who took gifts for granted."

Shanti shrugged. "It's what children do..." Her face lit up with an unexpected mischievous smile. "Can't say I did not want you to fall on your face once in a while when you would not shut up about how awesome your precious axel was."

"And guess what, I did," Daya said with a renewed wave of melancholic feeling. "Big time."

It felt uncharitable to add does it make you feel better?

does it make you feel better? If she did, Shanti would know how to hit back with hurtful words. One had to be careful with relatives, it was too easy to shatter hearts when you know so much about one another. And none of it would be for real, but it would cut deep. So, Daya kept her mouth shut and let Shanti talk. Her sister earned hours of speaking her mind with all the years of peerless sisterhood.

"So did I," Shanti said. "You see, I decided that my personal thing was winning at life. Good grades at school, a respectable office job, high pay check, a pretty house, and a man from a family who knew our family to marry. A good safe life, not one wrong choice. Ever."

thing Shanti went to refill the kettle and set it to boil again.

"It wasn't all bad, was it?" Daya asked.

Shanti smiled. "Of course not. I lived well half of my life, maybe more than half. The right half. The house and the kids, and the job—I'm keeping it..."

Daya took a careful look around. Freshly painted in warm colors, with wooden carvings and pottery brought over from trips back to India, the heavy drapes in red-and-gold, the spicy smell of cooking in the air, and that omnipresence of cherished kids... Shanti's house was worth keeping.

"But from now on, I want to live that sliver of life I'd been afraid of living before. Making mistakes, impulsive choices, finding out what I've skipped over."

"You are doing it a bit backwards, no? Usually you sow some wild oats, then straighten out," Daya said.

"Maybe I don't care?" Shanti lifted one shoulder dramatically.

"Don't go too crazy, promise?"

A snort was her reply. "Daya, please. I am still me, so I am not going to bare my chest on the street corner calling for attention. Or drink myself to a stupor as tempting as it is sometimes. I will just... follow through on the opportunities."

Curiosity bubbled up a bunch of questions in her throat. What kind of opportunities? Had you missed any? What was it like?

What kind of opportunities? Had you missed any? What was it like? But Shanti smiled a Chesire's cat smile and sipped her tea. Silence stretched its wings over them until Shanti spoke up again. Alas, it was not a story Daya was hoping for, a story about a near-affair full of romantic tension starring Shanti.

"What are you keeping, Daya?"

you Daya blurted out, "My skates!" then had to set her mug on the coffee table. She needed both hands to grab her braid like it was a rope thrown overboard to save her from drowning.

"I think Mike had been right. I could buy some ice time with the club, train up a little, maybe do a local competition. I'll look like a grandma with all the teens at this level, but why the heck not? Why should kids have all the fun? I mean, men play hockey all the time, till they are a hundred and ten, and they are not in the NHL exactly."

She narrowly dodged another embroidered cushion aimed at her chest.

"Hey, hey! If you are a grandma, what does it make me?!" Shanti twisted in her armchair to search for more missiles, but even her cozy den could not fit as many cushions as she needed to deal with relatives.

Returning to a sober mood, Shanti tilted her head to one side. "And Mike, are you keeping him?"

Daya's braid fell apart, covering her face and shoulders with a tickling, hot curtain of hair. "I don't think Mike is mine to keep, Shanti."

Shanti saluted her with her newly refilled cup. "Yet?"

Daya wished she could laugh and say you bet! , but for now all she had was an earnest, I have no idea. And a sigh that came with it.

you bet! I have no idea.





15. #Retreat, December 2017


Mike greeted his mother and her husband with a goofy smile from his overstuffed armchair. "Hi Mom, Don. Sorry I'm not getting up. I have a bit of an injury."

In matching skiing suits, white-and-turquoise, the Sutherlands looked vigorous. Fresh-faced even. Tanned, because they held onto the eighties' belief that tan was an outward expression of hale spirit.

A hairdresser improved upon the original red-golden hue of Juliana Sutherland's, néeDanioni, hair. Covering gray was an afterthought, the paint job hinted. The master did not stop there. Mike remembered his mother's hair to be frizzly, and now it was set in heavy coils that couldn't be undone by a day spent in the wind and snow.

His stepfather didn't have to worry about the elements' impact on his coiffure: Don was balder than his shoe soles.

While the happy couple divested the snow-crusted outerwear, Mike gazed from one to another, caught up in the spot the differences game, but whatever he uncovered only convinced him that after a decade of marriage, the Sutherlands completed their transformation from a married couple into fraternal twins.

Once the couple stripped the outer layers and was ready for conversation, Mike set aside his Japan, to Modernity, of which he conquered twenty more pages. He felt none the wiser for it.

Japan, to Modernity, he "How was heliskiing?"

"It was magnificent," his mother exclaimed, pecking him on the cheek. "The resort staff set up a luncheon for us with a view of the Coastal Range. They made pancakes fresh side-table and served them with local preserves and an assortment of meats and pickles. I don't know if I have an appetite for dinner, but we'll come to keep you company, darling."

Don smiled, apparently unconcerned with his wife not asking if he had worked up an appetite. The implants he flashed at Mike looked so real, they would have made any dentist proud. He shook Mike's hand. It also felt real, his handshake applying just enough pressure to the hand, as he tugged the arm just enough to convey his friendliness.

"Mike."

"Don."

Whenever Mike saw the Sutherlands, he ended up eating a black forest cake.

It sprung into being before his mind's eyes just as Don said his name.

The chocolate shavings, each curling up in its own unique fashion, coated the thick layer of almost too sweet dark icing. Red maraschino cherries nestled in their cream nests; those were for decorative purposes only unless one was courting toothache.

With a suppressed groan, he pulled the black band on his wrist... it snapped some sense back into him. Enough to notice that in his chocolate fantasia he'd missed whatever Don had said to him.

"Ah, yes... yes, of course," he mumbled in response to it with a forced smile.

"Do you remember that little place in Osaka by the castle, dear?" Don turned to Mother.

Ah, so he was asking about my riveting book. Or if I was interested in Japanese history. Anyway, my answer was exactly what he had expected. Yay, me!

Ah, so he was asking about my riveting book. Or if I was interested in Japanese history. Anyway, my answer was exactly what he had expected. Yay, me! "The one with the pretty gate?"

Ah, that narrows it down... But that didn't stop Sutherlands from exchanging vague allusions about that place in Osaka Mike had never visited. Why they invited him to join them for Christmas eluded him.

Mike rolled the band off his wrist and stuffed it into his pocket. The fruity goodness bled from the moist chocolate sponge of his imaginary cake in a red wave, when one prickled it with a knife. It had a sour note, and--



This time his mother must have called him by name, probably more than once, judging by the attention both Sutherlands were paying to him when he looked up.

Mike bought himself a moment by replacing his glasses. People had a strange respect for glasses. Well, except a certain challenging period in Cambodian history, when suspected intellectuals were identified by wearing glasses and cleansed.

"Sorry, Mom, I drifted off."

"Let's go to dinner. I can use a glass of Chardonnay," Juliana repeated with an indulging smile. When he was young, she'd say 'oh, he has his head in the clouds, it is an artistic gene' to the grown-up strangers with that same smile.

"Dinner?" Mike glanced at the old-fashioned clock, the one with real dial and clock hands. It was barely six pm. Looking at Juliana, it was easy to forget that she would soon qualify for senior discounts. Dinner at six pm... why not?

He dug deep to summon enthusiasm for micro-greens drizzled with balsamic vinegar or whatever other twigs were on the menu. "Sure thing, let's go to dinner."

***

Mike unveiled his big surprise after browsing the pathetic dessert section. It featured berry mousse, more berry mousse and goat cheeses with dry... yay, more berries!

"Could I get a green smoothie to finish up?" Mike asked the waiter. Her eyes widened as she looked up at him from gathering the used cutlery. Really, who would need a top-up after a saucer-full of sauteed chanterelles with seasonal roast vegetables?

His mother dropped an olive she was examining with the thoroughness of a TV detective. The olive rolled down the table. That was too bad, now she'd never crack the toothpick murder case...

The waiter got over her surprise to beam at him. "What kind of smoothie do you prefer, Sir?"

What was he supposed to say? Daya's flavor? He bit his lip: it sounded suggestive in the light of his spa dreams.

Fortunately, the waiter rushed to his rescue. "Matcha-Pear, Ginger-Kale-Ornage, Flax-and-Oats Sprouts, Honeydew-Mint—"

"Celery," Mike cut in before the rambling drove him to tears. "I like celery, cucumber and apples in it." He remembered buying a lot of those with Daya. "Oh. And lime. Do you have something like that?"

The waiter looked like she was ready to wrap Mike in a hug. "Winter Detox! Excellent choice!"

"Yes, that's the one." Of course they had a name for it.

Of course they had a name for it. Once the waiter dashed off, his mother cleared her throat. "Are you finally considering improvements to your lifestyle, dear? Your face looks a little thinner."

Under her scrutiny, Mike shifted, fingering the hairband in his pocket. "It's for recovery. I fell and broke a couple of toes in November."

"How dreadful. Why didn't you call?"

"I..." Just how difficult did it have to be to say, I had someone to help me around the house?

I had someone to help me around the house? "I had someone to help me around the house." It did not come out as nonchalant as he had intended.

Juliana's face assumed an expression that the famous theatrical producer Stanislavsky might have had when he yelled, "I don't believe it!" to his actors.

"Ah, how nice. Your housekeeper?" She lifted the wineglass to her lips. The ruby liquid in the glass wobbled, then touched the carmine gloss of her lips. Having had benefited from professional training, his mother's question sounded every bit a polite nothing.

That's how I should have delivered my lines. How she went unnoticed by the movie people all these years, beats me.

That's how I should have delivered my lines. How she went unnoticed by the movie people all these years, beats me. "I've met a personal trainer who was looking for a place to stay about that time. I have a spare bedroom in my condo, so I offered it in exchange for help," he said avoiding the pronouns. "It worked out great."

The waiter reappeared with his smoothie in a frosted glass. A skewer popped out of the glass, with three frozen green grapes set on it. He took a long sip, hoping that the conversation was over.

"Mmgh, this is very good..." It annoyed him that the pureed vegetables tasted as if Daya had made it for him. Nobody expects loyalty from the limes. Celery, celery should have known better. It should have tasted like an armpit.

"Is she fat?" his mother asked the moment he replaced the glass on the bamboo-fiber tablecloth.

Oh, wait, it did taste like an armpit! At least the aftertaste that rose up in his throat was nasty.

did "Who is fat?" Mike played with his speared grapes, trying not to think about an obvious analogy with the other kind of fruit being speared.

"The friend of yours, the one who is staying with you." His mother twisted the screws a little tighter, stretching the friend out, letting the word drip honey.

friend "Well," Don said, pushing up to his feet with an unexpected vigor. "I will join the boys for a card game. See you later, my dears."

Mike resisted calling his step-father a good man for years, but now it popped in his head. Apparently, one could expect as much loyalty from him as from the limes. Sorry, dad.

good man Sorry, dad. His mother rolled her head backwards toward her husband's peck on the forehead, then reset it to face him squarely. Her eyes did not blink, like a cobra's.

"Daya is the opposite of fat," Mike said. Argh, he should not have mentioned her by name. "And she is a friend-friend. No funny business. She helps me with restoring my range of motion and pours kale-infused drinks down my throat. My foot's range of motion."

foot's His mother watched him take another swig of his smoothie, so he chugged down more than he intended. Her eyes grew wider with every swallow.

"Daya has my undying gratitude," she said after he didn't volunteer anything else. "Forgive me if for a moment I chased a glimmer of hope that you got over this shut-in phase and met someone."

"It's not a phase, mother. And I am not a shut-in." When she acted like this, his brain switched to the primal flight mode. He re-engaged his higher brain functions and searched for a response worthy of an adult. "If that's your concern, then you should be doubly grateful to Daya. She kept me moving around even on the crutches. I went to work. To the gym even. I'm fine."

"The lady is a treasure." Her face telegraphed a sincere admiration, but there was speculation in her gaze he'd rather not endure.

Mike closed his eyes and imagined Daya's lovely face.





16. #SomethingOld, December 2017


This was exactly why Daya moved across the country from Toronto to Calgary. To not do this thing she was doing now. But the alternative was sitting in Shanti's place, obsessing over Mike. Not that it was unpleasant, on the opposite--

not Anyway, it was too late for regrets. She had already pushed on the heavy doors of her former home skating club and walked inside from the chilly street.

The place would look smaller and shabbier than she remembered it, she told herself. It never had the diamond aura of the famous clubs in the first place, and she had been away for nearly two years.

She turned on the spot, taking it in, noticing, to her dismay, that nothing changed since the day she had run out in tears.

The lobby paraded display cases with trophies. The posters of the club's former students in gauze and crystals decorated the walls next to the drawings on the same subject. They were signed Susan, grade 2 ; Abaz, grade 5, etc ...

Susan, grade 2 Abaz, grade 5, ... There used to be a genuine Daya, grade 3 on the wall, picturing a figure-skater with her leg outstretched at an odd angle, blue crayon streaks for ice, and happy faces above two crooked lines for the boards. To erase any doubts about who the model was, she scribbled Michelle Kwan in a bubble over the head.

Daya, grade 3 Michelle Kwan The tunnels led away to the locker room and the skating rinks. The smell wafting from the lockers was as musty as ever, but the distances seemed to stretch on for longer than before.

Daya sneaked through the locker rooms to the bleachers. To cinch her impression that some things would never change, Coach Brighton sat close to the boards, his legs propped on the back of the seat in front of him, with the same coffee mug as before. Shaggy curls still hang to both sides of his expanding bald spot and sallow cheeks blew in and out.

His rheumy eyes darted between the kids on the ice.

"Ava!" he yelled. "Yes, like this, but faster. You need to pick up speed. Speed up!"

A girl in the swirling swarm looked up, nodded, and took off.

An older skater was warming up on the bleachers, bounding up and down the steps. The long-sleeved tee and sweatpants hung on him, but could not hide away the width of his shoulders.

He fiddled with an earbud below the blond brush of hair, turning his profile to Daya, and recognition dawned on her. Oh my goodness, that's Pavel.

Oh my goodness, that's Pavel. Not that it was unexpected to run into him here. He was the club-mate who threw together the music mixes she'd been listening to the last month. Maybe she should go say hi after she had talked to the coach. Unless his ice-time started by then, duh.

She took in a deep breath and walked down the aisle's steps, feeling like an adolescent again.

"Uhm, Mr. Brighton? Good afternoon."

Coach Brighton turned around, took a measure of her jacket and jeans. For a second, she thought he didn't recognize her, but then he said, "Miss Dhawan. You need a reference or something?"

"No, I--" Daya stammered, because her mind supplied, No, I don't need references from assholes, hardly a thing to say.

No, I don't need references from assholes, Pavel got closer in his tireless jog and flashed her a grin from behind Brighton's back.

Brighton was losing his never abundant patience. "What is it then, Miss Dhawan? Looking for a job? I can ask around if anyone needs a junior instructor."

She coiled, as if preparing to jump. Her voice shook despite of her best efforts to keep herself in check. "Thank you Mr. Brighton, but no, I'm good. I was just wondering if you could try me out for a synchro team?"

"The synchro is all full, but if you want to go on the waiting list, be my guest. Rejoin the club, sign up on-line, you know the drill. Don't need me for it." He turned back to the rink, to the girls he had hopes for.

Until that moment, Daya had never realized how deeply she hated this man. Him, his reasonable attitude, his curly hair and his skimming eyes.

And that casual dismissal!

He'd given up on her, that was clear. He'd never give her a spot if there was one. He'd fill it in with a promising fifteen-year-old. But now she suddenly saw the truth—he had given up on her back then, all the way back, when she was a promising fifteen-year-old.﻿

"Thank you for everything, Mr. Brighton," she squeezed out.

Shouting, Why had you always wanted me to fail, you son of a bitch?! would have been so much more satisfying, but skating world was tight-knit. One e-mail mentioning how she was problematic, a few whispers during the training camps—and no coach would sign her on.

Why had you always wanted me to fail, you son of a bitch?! There was no shortage of those promising fifteen-year-olds, and she'd just turned twenty-three in August.

In Shanti's etc world, she had barely hit adulthood. In the ice rink, she was a fossil.

But she was not dead and buried under tons of rock yet.

With her back straight and chin held high, Daya walked back to the exit. Unhurriedly. That's how the little mermaid probably felt on land, with her voice gone, and each step hurting her legs like a thousand cutting knives.

Once she was out of Brighton's line of sight, in the tunnel, she slumped against the wall.

How could she have been so stupid? Her plan to go local in Calgary was a winner. She had a job there. Mike would be overjoyed to hear she took his advice. Why the devil did she court rejection and came here?

Stupid, stupid, stupid...

Stupid, stupid, stupid... "Hey, Daya! Wait up!"

Daya lifted her head to see who was running after her.





17. #PastSins, December 2017


"Michael?" His mother's voice insisted on continuing their candid conversation.

He hated the idea, so he took a leaf from Don's book and got up. Dull ache that enveloped his foot all the way to the ankle, reminded him about his perfect excuse. "I'm going to the front desk to sign up for physiotherapy tomorrow. Chad said it fills up fast."

"Sit down," his mother commanded softly. "You don't want to talk about this marvelous Daya. Very well. Let's talk about something else."

Reality split into two planes of existence.

In one of them Mike froze thinking, this is a bad idea, a patently bad idea, then made a lurching run out of the doors.

this is a bad idea, a patently bad idea, In the second one, he dropped into a (surprisingly not bamboo) chair like a trained lab retriever. He remembered his earlier intent to have a heart-to-heart talk... now he was not so sure he wanted it. It implied a give and take, and he wasn't prepared to bare his soul just yet.

"Michael, I am worried. You're repeating the same mistake I had made with Lloyd. I loved him too much."

He startled. "Really. You loved father too much."

She called the waiter to refill her wineglass.

While the red liquid splashed against the crystal walls, Mike struggled to remain silent. Accusations crowded his chest. Finally, when he had her attention again, it exploded out of him.

"If you did not nag him for twenty years to get into shape, he might still be alive."

Then he would not have found dad on the floor, ashen. Would not have ridden in an ambulance watching the electronic dials and trying to guess what they meant. Would not have prayed for a miracle for thirty-eight hours, until his father passed away without regaining consciousness.

He stared at the empty glass in his hand. A bit of the green goo still clung to the bottom, but he drained most of it. He could still taste it on his lips, but his throat remained parched.

"Your Hamletian act is misplaced, my darling." She drank, then looked back at him.

"The doctor told me that an abrupt change in lifestyle, that late in life, might have contributed to his stroke," Mike said listlessly.

"I divorced Lloyd years ago. His obsession with running marathons had nothing to do with me."

A blush raised in her cheeks, hot enough to be evident through the layer of make-up. It made her look like an old woman.

"Even when we were still married, all I wanted was for him to cut down on greasy food he gorged on during the all-nighters. Any decent woman would do the same if she doesn't want to be a widow at forty."

"And look how well that worked out!" he said, before cutting himself off. They were starting to circle in their argument like two teens on a gaming forum.

"Don't shift the responsibility for your father's stupidity on me."

"I'm sorry." There was nothing to be gained by saying anything else. Thinking was more fruitful. The lady doth protest too much...

The lady doth protest too much... The problem was that he had no way of discovering if she had intentionally rubbed his dad's nose in her ageless appearance at that charity event or not. All Mike knew was that after they had run into each-other after years of careful avoidance, his workaholic dad had added a fitness regimen worthy of an Olympian to his already overloaded schedule.

Perhaps she had stumbled on a trigger word that got to him or her needling accumulated over the years. Perhaps seeing her was enough of a straw to break the camel's back.



But it was equally possible that his father's obsession had nothing to do with her.

Juliana took restorative mini-sips, obviously intent on nursing this glass for the next hour. "I understood it when you took time off from your thesis after Lloyd had died. But quitting entirely? Taking an entry-level job in the cow-town? Michael, if it's Lloyd's voice in your head, shut it off. It's poison."

The student counselor also didn't understand why he had left the PhD program. On the surface, his diligence covered up for his shortcomings. He had no desire to self-flagellate then; he didn't have it now. "My quitting the PhD had nothing to do with Dad. Taking time off helped put a few things in perspective, that's all. I was never academic material."

Empty house, lawyers, funerals, lawyers, bills... a million reminders on his cell phone per day that he had been insulated from reality. Unlike his peers, he had never published a serious paper, just conference proceedings and abstracts. He had done plenty of studying... and not much else.

Empty house, lawyers, funerals, lawyers, bills... a million reminders on his cell phone per day that he had been insulated from reality. Unlike his peers, he had never published a serious paper, just conference proceedings and abstracts. He had done plenty of studying... and not much else. "I had to find something I could do, and I did. I'm content with working in the library."

"Content..." She echoed him and pursed her lips. "The talent will out. If you're unsuccessful, look in the mirror, face up the truth. There is no shame in being mediocre..."

The tired tone of a sage, the hooded eyes, the suave smile—they were all his father's, imitated with a cutting precision. "Why did you think I became a stewardess, darling?"

"A flight attendant," Mike corrected automatically.

"Same difference. When Lloyd's career took off, and he became a name in Hollywood, I thought my success wouldn't be far behind. That he will introduce me to the right people in the industry. Drop my name. Call in favors... help me. But it didn't happen."

"In fact, he seemed happier when I took the airline job than when I auditioned. It gave him peace of mind to see me in my proper place. Lloyd had a bright talent himself, and in his heart of hearts I don't think he believed that those with less ability deserved lucky breaks or could compensate for their shortcomings by efforts."

Grinding, they call it grinding in video games. People who were not among the top five percent of the players who could do the most challenging content, spent hours repeating the easier quests for a fraction of the reward. The total was the same, but the effort expended, the time to reach the goal... incomparable.

Grinding, they call it grinding in video games. Some elite players loved to carry, others hated the noobs and complained incessantly that the games were dumbed down because of them. They also loved to dispense uncharitable just quit, this game is not for morons advice on-line.

just quit, this game is not for morons "Dad never told me I should quit," Mike said weakly. "Or that I was a moron. He was complimentary."

"Oh, he'd never insult anyone to their face. He confided his general observations on art until his musings followed you like suffocating clouds. He'd hum, and dive back into his work to secure another contract, win another award and bring it up whenever you hit the rock-bottom. Eventually I woke up and understood how his sermons stole wind from my sails."

How could there still be any wine left in her glass?

"The funniest thing? Lloyd had never considered the possibility that I might leave him. How could I? I was a pretty face who caught a firebird when she went hunting for a partridge."

She patted Mike on the knee, as if they had chatted about the weather. "Don't repeat my mistakes, don't sell yourself short. Don't settle. Now, go and book your physiotherapy. That foot needs TLC."

He stood up like a robot and limped to the reception. Chad manned the counter, and he gave Mike a solicitous smile, "You look a bit weary, Mr. Wilson. Is our humidity making your injury act out?"

His foot ached more than ever. With a painful grimace, he booked himself into two physio sessions, a guided class and something else Chad insisted on, a relaxation massage...

He returned to the cabin, propped his foot on a cushion, propped Japan, to Modernity on another one, opened it and thought about his mother's odd pep talk. She had never accused his dad of intellectual snobbery before.

Japan, to Modernity It was easy to figure out why: while dad was alive, she would not risk a hint of unhappiness to reach his ears. Whatever either of them said, he always sensed competition between his parents after divorce.

But was it this competition that killed dad? Did he want the ultimate victory, outliving his ex-wife, when he embarked on his ill-fated quest for health.

Mike sighed so deeply that it sent the book to the floor. He left it there and closed his eyes. One thing for sure, he needed to partake of the chocolate-cherry goodness. Maybe he could bribe Chad to smuggle Black Forest to this land of roasted seaweed and avocados...

One slice would go a long way to restoring his inner peace. Two slices—and he might reach nirvana despite the elastic band in his pocket.

If he could only smuggle Daya here too and make her understand about the chocolate. How many days until he would see her again?

One, two, three... many. Too many...

One, two, three... many. Too many...





18. #UnexpectedProposal, December 2017


"Remember me?" The voice sounded cheerful and insistent, the way it had always sounded.

She nodded, pulled her sleeve over her palm and dabbed away the frustrated tears. "Hi, Pavel. Believe it or not, I thought of you recently. I ran across some of your mixes. They are pretty good."

"Oh, cool." His posture was perfect, but he hinged his blond head forward a little, making the thick curls bounce with every step. "Have a few minutes to talk? I'd buy you lunch, but I'm fasting till breakfast tomorrow. Life's a bitch that way."

"That's okay, I'm not hungry." That was an honest truth. Her stomach clenched so badly, she doubted even her mother armed with a pot full of biryani could have made her eat a single bite.

"Oh, sure, rub it in." A grin lit up his face, full of easy if superficial charm. "Let's sit in the lobby."

Walking next to Pavel, Daya couldn't help but notice how much he'd grown in the past few years. She tried to remember how old he was. Eighteen? While he did not sport bear-like proportions, his Germano-Slavonic frame telescoped out enough for him to stand out among other skaters. It surprised her that he had to fast—she'd have expected him to burn through calories like a jet engine.

"How have you been?" she asked once they found a couch out of the way and sat down.

"Just had my big birthday," Pavel said. "Twenty-one. Can't skate juniors no more, I'm in seniors now."

Technically, in singles, he'd aged out a couple of years ago, but maybe he was trying ice dance. Who knows... she didn't pay attention to anyone but her direct competitors by the end.

"You don't look a day over seventeen." Actually, he did. When his cheeks flushed pink from exertion at the arena, it imparted something boyish on his face. Now, after his complexion returned to pale, it had moved past the manhood threshold.

She felt sorry for him. This was an unpleasant milepost where you were forced to ask yourself what now? and who pays the bills? Coaches, skates, ice time, costumes... it all added up to a hefty bill, and the government grants depended on the results.

what now? who pays the bills? Daya herself powered through it, thanks to her parents' and Shanti's generosity, but it caught up to her too.

He must have guessed at her thoughts. His lips quirked with amusement. "I'll live."

Even though he had a low brow common among the Russians, his eyes lit up when he was happy. They made her think about the video game posters at Mike's place, where half of the characters had unrealistic jewel-like eyes.

Pavel's came as close to green as existed in nature. They were distinctive from brown, but nothing like emeralds. The beach-blond eyelashes made the color more vibrant though. In the rink's floodlight, he'd look almost as good as Mike's elves.

Pavel broke the silence that settled over them. "I've overheard what Brighton had told you."

Daya bit her lip. "Uh-huh."

"I've been thinking about coaching a year or two back, chatted with some of them... serious-like. See, they want to package us to look our best, like presents. Some need bows, or that stupid crinkly paper, others—just a bit of a ribbon. And we all should fit into a gift bag..."

None of this was news to her, but why did he have to bring it up? She'd tear up on his shoulder if he wasn't careful.

"When Brighton looks at you, he sees strong athleticism, good speed, some passion. Technical flaws here and there, small mistakes." He fluttered his fingers in the air to show how inconsequential the mistakes were.



That dismissal of the problems was the only reason Daya didn't take off, but she shifted to the edge of her seat.

Pavel either didn't notice or didn't care. "What he does not see are the long lines and the sweet vibe that rules ladies singles. So, yeah, it's hard work to get music and choreo that will present you to your advantage. It's easier with the others, who fit better."

"Are you going somewhere with this?" she asked through her teeth.

"And with synchro... you are a diva, Daya, not a team sports personality. Or you'd be in hockey."

Daya pushed up to her feet. One more word of 'comfort' out of him, and she'd flood the premises with the tidal wave of tears. "Go to hell, Pavel."

She dashed towards the exit, but he caught up to her in a few long strides. "Wait!"

The aplomb one needs to skate into the middle of a huge empty space dressed in tights; or climb back to their feet after falling onto their butt in front of a live audience, smile and go on, worked its magic. She hit the brakes for Pavel.

"Singles and synchro is not all there is." He turned her around to face one of the wardrobe mirrors and stabbed at it with his thumb. "Tell me what do you see?"

She looked at her own reflection, right next to Pavel's. Pairs, the genius here is talking about pairs.

Pairs, the genius here is talking about pairs. The tears dried up, but she didn't feel like laughing either. Instead, Daya shook her head. "Pavel, I did pairs for two years, and it was a disaster."

"Pah! It was a disaster because Brandon was a disaster. You were right for it. You had to be, for me to spot you." He made an a-okay circle with his thumb and forefinger. "Look again in the mirror. What do you see?"

Chill ran up her spine. Not fear. Premonition. Her winter jacket was already unzipped, so she shrugged out of it and let it fall to the floor. She could see what Pavel had been guessing at. He had an eye for balance. The top of her head came right under his chin, their proportions were well-matched, their complexion contrasted to create a pleasing visual.

But, but, but... "Pairs are not like singles, Pavel," she said with a wistful sigh.

But, but, but... "Tell me about it!"

Pavel's self-satisfied expression could have been unpleasant, if he did not ruffle his hair to take the edge off. "I'd been helping a friend whose partner is out of commission for a few weeks because of a back injury... Trained it here and there before, even took a workshop—they never say no to an extra man. Always had it in the back pocket, you know?"

"Just like the coaching?"

"Yup. Skating is all I know, so what else is out there? I enjoy competing though. And you can still be a star at thirty in pairs. In singles... phew."

"You can leave your brain on ice too," she muttered, remembering the close calls and the terrifying accidents. "Anyway, there are lists full of ladies seeking partners. Endless possibilities for you if you want to give it a shot."

"Oh, I know," Pavel said. "I was mulling it over, just as I was running. What I wanted in a partner. Someone who is good, who would fight tooth and nail, and would walk off the ice together every time, no matter what, because they know what it means to have a bad day. Then you walked in, and it was like a finger of fate pointed at you. "

With all that bubbly enthusiasm, he was asking for someone to stick a needle into his balloon.

She smiled thinly. "Didn't you just say I was a diva, not a team player?"

"Nah. Hockey is where a bunch of peeps all fight over one tiny puck. That's teamwork. Pair skating is where two peeps are like one, and they shine. Mind blown! " His fingers exploded out of his fists to show a flash of lightning, and the revelation... As a trained figure skater he could have talked with his hands better than that.

Oblivious of her critical eye, Pavel served the next slice of his pie-in-the-sky. "With a good coach, you and I—"

"I'm not kowtowing to Brighton again!" Daya sputtered.

"Oh, Brighton is a good coach—"

She scoffed.

"What I am trying to say, even with a good coach we could do all right. With a brilliant one—"

There is a huge value in silence, in a well-placed pause. Pavel lit this particular pause on fire with a million watt Disney-fireworks smile. "Do you think I'd ran after you if I had Brighton in mind?"

"Pavel? What are you not telling me?"

He leaned in to whisper dramatically into her ear, despite the lobby still being deserted.

"Be-lo-u-so-va." The citrus smell of his chewing gum touched her nostrils. He moved back, crossing his arms over his chest, and watched for her reaction.

So, he had an ace up his sleeve. Belousova put half-a-dozen Russian pairs on the podium, and that's just in Daya's memory.

Not that Daya would pack up her bags and move to gloomy St. Petersburg. Despite saying that she'd do anything, well, she did have her limitations. Besides...

"Did not Belousova retire a few years ago?"

"Yup. Retired to move in with her son in Canada, and baby-sit her grandkids," Pavel confirmed. "But last year they've asked her to take a look at Seguin-Bilodeau before the Olympics... She is even traveling to Korea with the team. Does this sound like someone who is enjoying a quiet retirement?"

take a look "And you've talked her into coaching you? Without a partner? This sounds crazy."

"Well, not in so many words... She promised me to take a look if I found a partner by the time she is back in Canada."

take a look Daya noticed the care with which he talked about the coach and couldn't shake the feeling that there was some sort of favor exchange involved.

"You know her?"

That question earned her an eye roll. "Not all Russians know all other Russians, my friend. There is 150 million of us and counting."

"Sorry." It didn't matter, really. Either way, it sounded too good to be true, and it was. "Pavel, I am only here for three more days before going back to Alberta. I have a job in Calgary now. I can't uproot myself on a long shot like that. We don't even know if we jive..."

He smiled away her words, watching her in the mirror instead. Their eyes met in its fake glimmering surface. "How about we find out?"

He made an inviting gesture with his arm. "Off the ice, come to the gym, no strings, we'll see if I can even heft you up?" He framed it as a question, but it was a rhetorical one.

"On my own," he said into the pause, "I'm an overgrown junior. On your own, you're too athletic for your own good. Together, we could be magic."

She noticed that he avoided the touchy subject of age this time. The temptation got the best of her.

"Oh, what the heck! Why not?"





19. #StickySituation, December 2017


Mike looked at fifty bundles of green sticks, paralyzed by indecision.

A Chinese auntie reached around him to shuffle through the grocery shelf and triumphantly emerged with her chosen one.

Mike's envious gaze followed her drift to the cilantro patch. He wished he could emulate that ancient technique, but to him one bundle of celery was still equal to all others. The paralysis by analysis getting ridiculous, he grabbed the topmost rightmost bunch and tossed it into his shopping basket on top of the Black Forest cake.

Just this one treat, then he is back to good eating well before Daya's back, and he'd just spent a week in the Kale-land. He earned a bite or two of something sinful. Her black band was still in his pocket, he wasn't giving up on the big picture. Just a small transgression. Every diet allowed cheat days...

and Just like every relationship allows cheating... right. He blew out the air. If only Daya's name hadn't somehow slipped his tongue one too many times, he might have survived without the cake. But it did, it did... the hours in Sutherlands' company dragged, his thoughts revolved around Daya, and he kept talking about her. He couldn't help it...

Just like every relationship allows cheating... right. Then, on the last ominous evening together, when the fireplace was crackling and filling the cozy cottage with the smell of pine, his mother lifted her head from the game of cards.

She frowned, then remembered she'd just had a facelift, and smoothed her plucked brow. "I hope you're telling me the truth and don't have feelings for this fine lady. With dramatic differences in your lifestyles, a relationship doesn't stand a chance. I've seen it time and again."

He caught himself before arguing, because this could have been a trick shot. His mother might have wanted to see if he would argue to catch him on a lie. Oh, you do care! she'd have exclaimed, or something along those lines. So he had kept his mouth shut for once.

Oh, you do care! But the damage was done. The words throbbed like a splinter lodged under the nail since. Even if he did the mad thing and acted on his attraction, could Daya and him work ? Such a mundane term, work, almost mechanical. ﻿

work Such a mundane term, work, almost mechanical. What of the opposites attract? Mike mused, not for the first time, as his hands re-settled celery, apples, eggs, etc in his fridge. In his empty apartment. He bet that even his fridge missed Daya.

What of the opposites attract? The cake he left on the counter and dug into its luscious depths with a spoon between unloading the other groceries.

In his imagination, his mother trilled a little laughter. Great for a liaison, my dear, the sort that people would miss unless they are looking closely. Then poof! Gone! Hadn't you learned anything from watching your father and I?

Great for a liaison, my dear, the sort that people would miss unless they are looking closely. Then poof! Gone! Hadn't you learned anything from watching your father and I? "Well, blast it!" he said to the cake before spiriting it away to the couch. "I've learned so much from my parents, that I can write a long boring book about marriage."

By some reason, people found the drama of failed relationships exciting. He, by contrast, considered the happy ones worth the price of admission.

The spoonful of chocolate melted on his tongue. Happiness... am I stealing happiness away from both of us by keeping my feelings to myself?

Happiness... am I stealing happiness away from both of us by keeping my feelings to myself? Once settled, Mike turned on an old show he knew word-for-word and condemned the cake to death by a thousand bites.

Each of them was a celebration of the sweet and sour, black and red, soft and softer. The icing coated his tongue and teeth, providing the special chocolate backdrop for the cherry-dominant spoonfuls. The sponge soaked in cherry juice and kirsch to the point where the flavors became inseparable.

He closed his eyes after every bite to savor this perfect marriage, but the delight didn't last. He hurried into taking the next bite sooner, to push the unpleasant thoughts away, but they refused to budge.

His mother's parting shot of poison went straight into the vein, and it coursed through his body, toxic and festering.

"I can empathize with her," Juliana said about Daya—because he just had to bring up Daya again! "A talented woman with thwarted ambitions. I sense that she is much like I am. Hmm, they say most men marry their mothers..."

His spoon found no purchase, scraping the plastic instead of caressing the cream. He picked the crumbs stuck to the carton's bottom with icing, and a few run-away chocolate shavings.

This truly was the end of the cake.

It won't work. Good thing you didn't try anything and get a grip...

It won't work. Good thing you didn't try anything and get a grip... He reclined back, his body descending into a chocolate-induced stupor.

He was full to the point of wanting to vomit.

He was empty.

The endorphins kicked in, wiping away Juliana from his eyelids.

The show on the TV finally attained his attention. The brave Captain on the screen threw his weight around, bragging about being ruggedly handsome, getting in trouble for it.

The little ship mechanic unexpectedly got a pretty dress with ruffles.

They did gloriously stupid things, they took risks, and, in the end, came out as winners... always as winners. Until the next episode began.

The whole show was about it, taking it on the chin, rolling with the punches, but trying to get ahead when the odds were stacked against you. About throwing caution to the wind when the prize was worth it.

A smile found its way back on Mike's face before he dozed off on the couch in the chocolaty shell.

Sometimes, one had to do something patently stupid to keep upright as the Earth rotated under their feet.

It had been too long since he had climbed the balconies and did glorious stupid things in the name of love. He was overdue...





20. #SomethingNew, December 2017


"Shanti!" Daya yelled the moment she stepped over the threshold. "Shanti, do you have a pair of sneakers with white soles? For the gym?"





Shanti looked up from a paperback in her lap. Her feet rested in a shallow steaming basin. The kids were staying overnight at Sameer's place, so she was intruding on an impromptu me-time.

She took the bubbliness down a notch. "Oh, I'm sorry."

"It's okay. And I have thirty-something pumps, four pairs of sensible work shoes and two dozen sandals, some of them even matching. But gym stuff... unless you want it baby-sized, you're out of luck. You should have brought your own. I can't believe you thought you could go for a week without a gym. You should have asked me. I would have told you, 'no, Daya, not gonna happen.'"

Daya sat cross-legged on the floor by Shanti's armchair. "I can take a week off gym once in a while. It's just something came up, and I wanted to practice for it."

On the cover of Shanti's book, a couple wrapped each-other in a passionate kiss, and a curly font along the bottom said Passionate . Shanti's thumb covered the rest of the title, but Daya figured that the book had nothing to do with accounting.

Passionate "Pavel wants to do a dry run for pairs. It's crazy, but—"

"I'm intrigued, but I don't follow," Shanti interrupted. "Pavel who? Wants to do what?"

Daya backtracked, explaining Sorokin, his minuscule role in her life to date, and his last-kick-at-the-can plan.

"Wait a minute. I thought you wanted to go small and local in Calgary?"

"I still do," Daya muttered to her sneakers. She felt like a naughty child asking for candy after she had already had had ice cream. "But there is no harm in having a Plan B, you know? Besides, it probably won't work. I haven't done anything with a partner in forever, and Pavel is dreaming in technicolor, and... maybe you're right, I should call him and say it's off. No reason to lead him by the nose if I am not truly invested and—"

"I didn't say you should not go," Shanti said. "It's just you are so excited that someone appreciates you, that I am afraid you'll build a fairy tale around it. Like that time with India. It ended up in tears."

Daya sighed. "I would have qualified for the international competitions if I had switched the flag. But it is in the past, and I know our family could never have afforded it."

would "Sorry to bring it up, Daya, but it's relevant."

Shanti opened her book again where her forefinger saved her place. The full title revealed itself. Passionate Snare.

Passionate Snare. How appropriate, Daya thought .

How appropriate, . "So go and try out with Pavel the Cool Guy, just don't expect miracles."

Daya suspected that Shanti used that same tone of voice on the twins.





"I'm too old to believe in miracles." If only! The cloud castle in the back of her mind was already sprouting turrets and unfurling banners.

"What did I tell you about calling yourself old? Now go buy yourself a pair of gym shoes. Go, go, before your fiddling gives me a nervous tick."

Shanti was right: despite making conscious efforts to simmer down, Daya bristled with energy. She jumped up and dashed out of the house like a rocket-propelled grenade.

***

Pavel was half an hour early for their meet up. Daya knew that because she was an hour early.



She stretched and jogged to keep the jitters down, and have her body warm and supple enough to dance. But the jitters came back the moment she saw Pavel's trim figure.

He walked in a bubble of confidence. It emanated from the frost-blush on his cheeks, his ready smile and the beautifully straight back. His shoulders announced to the world that no worry had power to bend him.

And his energy projected outwards too, inducing the same belief in the onlookers. He was like an inverse energy vampire. The closer she'd come to him, the harder it would be to pull away from that source of here I am! sass.

here I am! Pavel gave her a cursory hug before vaulting on the treadmill. They had time to partner-stretch too before the booking, and Daya finally felt like her old self again, when the last inches of stiffness got squeezed out of her legs.

The small choreo room with a mirror wall and a barre opened up, and Pavel sauntered in to set up a Latin rhythm mix on the speakers from his cell. "Show time, Daya."

His musicality was not unexpected, but in her time away from the figure skating fold, she didn't meet many consummate dancers. Men who could dance were becoming scarce in the general population, a sad fact.

But, she did not have time for reflections, giving herself to the joy of having each movement anticipated by her partner and the perennial need to show off for one another.

Latin dance was not his strongest, she judged, noticing the residual stiffness in the hip and knee, but his hands were steady and precise, if not passionate. She let her hands do the talking, fueled by the genetic memory of the temple dancing, but not profaning the mudras .

mudras The last bits of apprehension fell from her soul. Whether or not their trial came to anything, she was having fun.

He swung her upward, bringing her in front of him, parallel to the floor. This was not just precise, it was exactly as playful as the music demanded, timed just right. Her body snapped straight in response, toes pointed, hands outstretched.

The dance lift lasted less time than he'd have to hold her on ice, and it would not count for more than a part of a choreo-sequence between the money-making over-the-head lifts, but this was what music dictated right there and then.

"A moment of truth?" he asked, setting her down after an extra whirl. He pointed to the corner lined with the mats.

She nodded. "From axel?"

He turned off the music, and started backing away to let her step into the lift, with an old-school allez as an invitation.

allez "Up!" she said, speeding towards him. And up she went with reassuring ease, his hands not squeezing the life out of her under the armpits but supporting her. "Well, we might eke out a group one," she conceded. "Providing we can repeat it with the skates on."

He wiggled his eyebrows. "You think?"

As they tried a couple more lift positions from the lower tiers, then went up in difficulty, she loved how truly his hand linked with hers when they switched position up in the air, how simple it was to hold herself up on his unwavering shoulder.

This reassuring presence would have been welcome not just in dancing, she realized as she hovered between the floor and the ceiling, but in her private life too.

She was tired of the unanchored shaky state of life where she never felt anything through to the end, and all her desires dissipated into nothingness like mist in a river valley.

Was one excluding the other? Pavel and Ontario, Mike and Alberta?

Pavel rotated on the spot, holding her up like a platter. "Switch position or too chicken?"

"Not today."

Did she have a toehold on either? Or was it all up in the air? Working with Pavel could end up in a lot of hard work to delay facing the inevitable. And was she anything but busy work for Mike, sort of like that LEGO model?

She cartwheeled through the air to dismount, touching down on one foot, and stepped back again. Her memory revived the thrill of being carried over ice at a speed of a breathless run, and the incredible span of the jumps, the arrow from the bow feel... when things went right.

"Daya," Pavel called out, interrupting her reverie. "What do you think?"

"I'm rusty," she said honestly, "and the skill erasure is real."

He guffawed. "That explains the blissful smile on your face."

Blissful it might have been, but there were a million things they didn't try yet. "Lifts weren't terrible. But there're throws, and side-by-side work, and the spins. And the off-ice is—"

"Different from being on the ice, and we need to do the qualifiers, meet the testing standard, and yada-yada-yada. Understood. But we'll have breathing room in pairs. If we can't qualify this year, there's the next." His speech lost its pathos by that last sentence, but he waved it off. "Stop being such a scaredy cat. It was good. Come on, admit it! Just say 'it was good'."

Maybe it was because his lower brow made his eyes look that much more intense, or because of his fervor, or maybe because it was simply true, but Daya said it: "It was good."

"And... Don't add 'but' now!" Pavel pressed the finger to her lips for a moment. "You're going back to Calgary, fine. Cool down, think it over. I'll try out some more, but if I get a commitment from you, I'm cool to bring you before Irina Andrevna's august eyes."

"I'll get back to you the second I decide. I'll buy as much ice time as I can afford in January and see if I can stabilize my doubles if I can find a coach to work with."

"Now you're thinking!" He gave her a thumbs up, then gathered his hoodie and backpack. "Don't be a stranger and say hi to all the cowboys for me."

hi She stayed in the gym for a little longer, working off the spell. Did she want to set off on the wild unicorn chase?

Fresh starts were becoming harder and harder every time, and the Calgary gig with VITAL was decent. Singles, skating for India, pairs, singles... each one of those was a bright hope once that ended in failure.

Try again. Fail again. Fail better.

Try again. Fail again. Fail better. She did not know if she failed better, but fail she did every time she tried.

And there was Mike Wilson to consider... and could she still land a triple salchow from a throw?

On and on her mind circled, as she ran to nowhere fast on the treadmill.





21. #WinterRose, January 2018


Mike was the only person in Calgary who wanted the airport to be more crowded. Then he could hide among the other people instead of standing by himself with a flower in his hand.

But he kept the flower, kept standing his ground, responding to the smiles from the elderly white-hat volunteers with a lopsided grin. Yes, she is coming.

Yes, she is coming. The photo-displays on the walls boasted grazing bison, Rocky Mountains, pumping jacks in the golden-yellow canola fields to present the rugged, energetic Alberta to the world.

It was hard to decide if these backdrops made a forlorn man in a cardigan holding a strange flower more out of place, or less so. After all, a man had to be self-confident to put himself out in public like that.

The baggage carousels to his left span round and round, carrying bags for those arriving from Kelowna, Montreal, and Fort McMurray. Every few minutes the frosted doors into the domestic arrivals terminal slid open, letting in the owners of the bags.

Daya's flight from Toronto had landed—he had checked it before driving out to the airport. Next time the doors open up, she'll be among the passengers. She will.

Next time the doors open up, she'll be among the passengers. She will. The doors opened up.

Daya was not there. He inspected every figure—even the six-foot tall bearded men. No dice, no Daya.

The doors closed.

He squeezed the stem in his fist, happy that plastic roses didn't come with thorns.

Then the door opened up again, this time to admit the familiar figure, with a tote-bag over her shoulder, and earbud wires disappearing down her neck.

She wore a fitted down vest over a long-sleeved tee, and a pair of yoga pants, all of it black. But the red hair-band was back with a vengeance. The bright scrunchies tied off the tip of her braid, bouncing just above her breast with every step, impossible to miss.

Mike swallowed: not just the red band... the whole of Daya was impossible to miss, at least for him.

She had a spring in her step, glowing from the inside, the eyes so warm that when they stopped on him, Mike forgot about his chauffeuring duty. He forgot that he was standing in the airport with people milling around. All he could see was her.

Her joy infected him, causing a feverish blush to heat his cheeks and neck.

"Mike!" She hiked her tote up and opened up her arms, as if she wanted to give him a hug, but stopped short.

Oh. "This is for you," he said, extending the rose. Apparently he held it like a shield before, and that was what lost him his hug. "I am sorry it is artificial, but fresh flowers looked like Mongol cavalry galloped over them. It's the day after New Year, so I suppose you don't go shopping for fresh flowers on January the 2nd—"

Oh. "Thank you." She sniffed the blue silk petals instinctively. "Mmgh, vanilla?"

Then she did hug him, going on the tip-toe, her vest making a rustling noise against his sweater. He put his arm around her back, inhaling the spicy and flowery scent of her hair. No rose, artificial or otherwise could compete.

"Who knows," he replied softly while they disengaged from one another. "I... ah... I had to venture to that huge craft store, do you remember it? The one in the mall near VITAL. Everything smells like that there."

He tried to describe the odd experience to her.

The craft store met him with a scented-candle-like waft, and bins filled with children's Christmas crafts. It gave him an irrational urge to lie to women carrying yarn to the cash registers and the teens rummaging through the art supplies, that he was just helping his great-aunt to shop for gifts.

He navigated between the aisles of glittering beads, clay molds, baskets, tee-shirts for tie-dyeing and frames, to reach the jungles of artificial flowers. There, among bunches of flowers, garlands of flowers, individual flowers that looked just like real ones, and the ones that looked nothing like the real ones, he gritted his teeth and searched for his blue rose.

"It's pretty," she said after she had finished laughing.

Now she was holding the rose, and he shuffled from foot to foot, not knowing if he should say something. Why did he think that giving a girl a piece of plastic and silk was a good idea? Luckily, the carousel sprung back to life, and the loudspeaker announced that the luggage from Toronto was now unloading.

Hustling toward the carousel unlocked his ability to speak. "Ah, one thing about artificial, they come in every color of the rainbow. So, this one is blue, like the winter roses of Winterfell, for the Queen of Love and Beauty."

"Sweet." A luminous expression settled on her face.

He started smiling back, when a chilling thought occurred to him.

From a certain point of view, the winter rose in the Game of Thrones was creepy, because of the unfortunate way that romance had ended. Before you factored in the false accusation of rape. Sweat coated his back. Oh, gods.

Oh, gods. He dared a glance at Daya.

She wasn't furrowing her lovely brows or backing away from him slowly.

His hands pulling the collar away from his neck, he rushed in to fix the damage. "Though now I think about it, Raeghar plus Leanna didn't end well, but that wasn't what I was thinking about. At all. In fact, I wasn't thinking... That's the problem with grimdark fantasy, everything acquires a sinister taint, even the lemon tarts had become a harbinger of doom—"

"Then we wouldn't worry about how it ended or the lemon pastries," Daya murmured, watching the circling bags.

The blush must be an ugly scarlet by now, judging by how hot his face felt. How did he slip into talking about Game of Thrones? Was it the best he could do? Really? Of course, she stopped listening...

"Aha!" She darted between the carts loaded with luggage and came back clutching her duffel. Her smile seemed too radiant for the accomplishment. "I have a Christmas present for you as well, Mike, but you will need to come with me to get it. Let's go?"

Mike did not even have a chance to pipe in with an offer to carry her bag, when she sprinted away toward the exit. "Come on, or you'll be paying their draconian prices for parking!"

"We're fine, we're fine," he huffed, keeping up with her, then taking the lead to show her to the car.

They piled into the SantaFe, and Mike drove out of the airport parkade, throwing a triumphant glance at Daya when his ticket showed he was under the time limit.

She seemed to barely care about the parking by then, sitting on the edge of her seat, with a mysterious smile curving her lips.

"How was your trip?" he ventured.

"I'll tell you when to turn," she said after making an a-okay sign with her fingers in place of the response. She kept the rose in her lap with care that made his heart thump against his ribs. The gift he wanted the most was her snuggling to him on the couch to catch up.

"Ah, but wouldn't you want to go home first? You just flew across the country."

"Oh, I'm too excited for that."

Well, excited was a good thing. Too bad it wasn't brought on by the thought of going home with him.

"I'd been thinking about it since we were opening the presents up with mom and dad."

They rode in companionable silence, until Daya exclaimed, "There, turn into the Canadian Tire."

Mike did as instructed, parking in front of the iconic warehouse with its upside down red triangle and green maple leaf logo, white walls and red lettering across the storefront.

"Canadian Tire?" he repeated like a dolt, but Daya had already climbed out of the SantaFe.





22. #CanadianTire, January 2018


The closer Daya's plane drew to Calgary, the more impatient she became to see Mike. It felt like it had been months, not a few days since she had seen him last.

She jumped up to her feet the moment the seat belt sign turned off with a final ping and rolled from heel to toe while lined up with the other passengers at the back of the plane.

How, how, how could a plane be so full on the morning of January the 2nd?

How, how, how could a plane be so full on the morning of January the 2nd? Released from the metal cigar with wings, Daya marched down the concrete-floored passages in the domestic wing of the airport. Then she marched through glass-walled passages with the view of the airport's shops and lounges. Then she marched alone down an empty passage with a carpet on the floor and normal walls... wait, alone?

Oh, crap.

Oh, crap. She backtracked, found the damned gate she'd missed on the account of being under-slept and recently airborne, and caught up to the families with toddlers, and elders in the wheelchairs pushed around by the Air Canada employees.

She burst through the gates, the 'you won't believe it' bubbling on her lips, and forgot that she had just been nearly running.

Mike's hair hung into his face, instead of being brushed back, a few golden spirals. He slouched, one hand stuffed into a side pocket of his dark-blue cardigan. In his other hand, he held a blue rose, about twice the size of the real long-stem.

"Mike!"

Oh, Mike... as he mumbled on about winter roses, she got engulfed into his warm sweater and familiar smell. Time slowed down while her cheek rested on his chest, listening to his racing heartbeat. She didn't feel like running anywhere.

Oh, Mike... "Mike and Calgary," she thought happily. Mike and Calgary. I'm home."

"Mike and Calgary," Mike and Calgary. I'm home." Then she remembered. The gift! She loathed to hurry Mike along, but the gift!

***

Mike was slow getting out of the car by the Canadian Tire, but she did not care. If he had guessed what she was up to, oh well, they were here now.

"Did someone give you a new hairband?" Mike asked as they crossed the parking lot.

She twirled the end of her braids in her hand. The scrunchies were scarlet, with a beaded pattern. "My baby brother, Nihal. He thinks I dress like a marathoner in mourning—his words, not mine—so he accessorized all my ensemble with scrunchies and a scarf, or something like that."

Mike chuckled. "He sounds like a fashionista. Where is the scarf?"

"Luggage."

"Ah... I see." Mike let her through the automatic doors of the Canadian Tire. "He's at the University still, right?"

"Uh-huh. And he just switched from Environmental Design at the uni to Fashion Arts at Humber College. The Christmas dinner at my folks' place was tense. The upside was that my mom was so hard on his tail, she postponed the interrogation about my living arrangements."

Mike sighed wistfully to some private thought. "So, you've concealed the fact that you are cohabiting with a knave. Well done, Miss Dhawan. Now, why are we here?"

The store was not particularly crowded, so they did not get jostled while they stood around chatting between the bins filled with the items on sale.

Daya took her bearings. The automotive stuff, and the name-sake tires—to the left; small appliances, seasonal paraphernalia and the gardening supplies—to the right.

Her goal, the sporting goods and outdoor gear aisles, loomed straight ahead.

"You'll see," she said, put her hand on his elbow and guided him on.



"Daya, you know I was just kidding about you teaching me how to skate, " he murmured as they crossed into the realm of hockey jerseys, sticks, pucks, helmets and, yes, the long shelves stacked with skates.

"Maybe, but I want to come and skate with you. Don't worry, I won't let you fall."

Mike paused at the entrance to the aisle. "If I do, you know the drill."

"I won't let you fall," she repeated forcefully and pointed at a small bench in the middle of the aisle. "Go sit down and take your boots off."

She could hear him muttering under his breath. "She wants me to take my boots off... why does she always want me to take my boots off? What's wrong with my boots?" But he did as instructed.

She twirled away, to face the shelves and hide another oh, Mike... smile. This special smile came on unexpectedly in his presence, triggered by the little things he had said or done, and it was extremely durable.

oh, Mike... "What's your shoe size?"

"Nine."

She glanced at Mike over her shoulder. He was staring at his socks with a purposeful, thoughtful expression that a cat assumes while it sniffs a trash can.

The impulse to bang her forehead on the nearest box and laugh herself silly was pretty strong, but she focused on the boxes.

It is not a stupid idea.

It is not a stupid idea. She plucked a recreational skate in the right size. The pick zigzagged the front of the blade out of its box. She touched it with her finger, another thing she did not think of occurring to her. "Mike, have you done any skating before as a kid? Did they teach you on hockey skates?"

Because if he was taught on the skates without a pick, he'd just trip on the pick, instead of pushing off of it, and it could end in a disaster.

"No, ma'am. I'm one of the few Canadian boys with parents who didn't harbor hopes for an NHL future."

"Mike! The blade's not sharpened, but they're still blades. Be careful about calling me ma'am while I'm holding them in my hands."

ma'am He lifted his head. His eyes stopped on her, softening, magnified by his glasses, the colour—even lighter than she had remembered. "Daya."

The floor might as well had turned into fertile soil, and her feet—into a sapling sending out roots in an educational animation. She forced her mind into a greased grove and swallowed whatever obstructed her vocal cords.

"I... I was thinking that we need to introduce the larger variety of movements. The things your body isn't accustomed to. Your metabolic rate seems to be on the lower end, but your thyroid and sugar are normal, so I hope this might help us boost it."

That wasn't what she was thinking at all. But Mike, I want to kiss your eyelashes , would have been out of context.

Mike, I want to kiss your eyelashes Mike dropped his gaze back to his white socks. They were as clean and as hole-free as they were a minute ago. "I'm down five pounds."

She was getting a great view of his frizzly hair and not much else. The telltale scarlet flooded his cheek and neck. Something was getting him all hot and bothered. Something? Maybe you should have been more tactful.

Something? Maybe you should have been more tactful. She knelt next to Mike, setting the box to the floor by his feet. "Mike, we can try something else, if you can't put the skates on because of the lingering trauma. Sorry if I got carried away. It felt like a good idea..."

The disappointment she felt while saying it was absurd, and in combination with guilt... ouch . Whether Mike went skating with her, didn't matter. Plenty of people never stepped on the ice and lived happy productive lives. It was not even a life skill like swimming.

ouch

Heck, maybe her own life would have turned out better if she never went to that stupid kid's fifth birthday party, or if Shanti had given up lacing those boots on her.

It didn't truly matter... It didn't!





Mike looked into her face and pushed his slipping glasses up onto the bridge of his nose.

Belatedly, she tried to assume a neutral expression. And guess what it had been beforehand. Had her lips trembled or something?

Whatever he noticed, he did not comment. He took the boot from her hand, rotated it awkwardly, because the second boot hung from it by the tied together laces. He picked at the knot, loosening it. "Let me try it on. The worst-case scenario? I'll be just like you, owning a pair of skates I never use."

Daya pushed up to her feet, just as he stuck his never-broken left foot into the boot and huffed.

The impulsive half of her was dying to tell him how he was right, how she could not wait to buy more ice time and about Pavel's unexpected offer.

The other half of her recoiled, terrified of ruining—what? If only he hadn't promised to fall in love with her by Christmas... and then missed the deadline.

If only he hadn't promised to fall in love with her by Christmas... and then missed the deadline. The confession and the skates were her surprise, her gift, but now that the skates were no longer a secret, the rest of the iceberg loomed darkly under the water.

Everything, she was terrified of ruining everything.

Everything, everything. If she took off wrong, if she tried to muscle this as she would a jump, she'd most likely fail. Maybe she did not know how to bracket their relationship, but she knew that the fall would hurt.

"This is harder than it looks," Mike groaned, grabbing the boot by the heel, shaking, twisting and wrestling it off his foot. "Who designed this? Spanish Inquisition?"

"Don't fight it, oh, stop it before you hurt yourself... it's just a higher rise than you.. oh, stop fighting it!" Glad to do something familiar, she gripped his foot between her knees and loosened the laces more. "Point your toes."

"I am pointing!"

am "That's not pointing."

He squinted to show how hard he was pointing.

She slipped the boot off. "Let me see if I can find something wider."

He curled the toes self-consciously, and—what else?—stared at his socks.

This is definitely not the time to bring up Pavel. The anxiety zipped her lips, while she searched for different skates, watched him lace them up with clumsy fingers and stumble around.

This is definitely not the time to bring up Pavel. With a sheen of perspiration coating his forehead, and his glasses slipping towards the end of his nose from the efforts of squatting on the bench, he more and more resembled a victim of a medieval torture.

Just when she was about to suggest putting a pin in the idea, Mike stopped his hobbling around and tilted his head to one side. "Okay, these ones are good. I can walk in them, though I wouldn't be as optimistic about skating."

He scratched his cheek. "Yet."

"Are you sure?" Daya asked suspiciously. She was on her tiptoes, jamming the rejected box number two on its shelf. Why is it always so much easier to pull the items off the shelf than to put them back?

"Let a professional handle this." Mike's breath tickled her ear, as he took the box from her and slipped it into its place.

"A smooth move," she said. He was as tall as Pavel, she realized, when he didn't slouch. Unlike Pavel's, his body this close to hers set her thoughts on unprofessional track, tempting her to lean against his comforting figure.

"You don't want to know how many books I've restocked just in the last month. Carol loves me on the shelving duty." Mike seemed mighty pleased with doing something he was good at. Aren't we all...

Aren't we all... Guilt returned to jam its knitting needles into her heart. Mike was too nice. And too close to her in a warehouse store. She cleared her throat and took a step back from the shelves. "Are you sure?"

"I am positive. So, what's next?"

"I'll have them sharpened for you. Then, depending on how your foot feels, I'll put you on the ice."

Mike snorted. "Don't panic just yet, but my axel might not be ready in time for the Olympics."

"Hold the presses!" She grabbed a pair of blade guards and led the way to the checkouts.

Bubbly excitement fought with guilt, turning her mind to mush. The right moment to tell Mike everything would come, and it would be fine. He wouldn't get hurt, he took nothing seriously, and it would be fine, it all would be fine...

But once she ensconced herself in the car, she tugged off the gloves and pressed her palms to her burning cheeks.

Just how many things could one woman want?

Just how many things could one woman want? She expelled a slow sigh before Mike noticed her gesture, reigning the confusion in. One thing at a time.

Get the skates sharpened.

Teach Mike how to fall before he falls.

Tell him about her plans.

And...

Don't ruin everything.

Don't ruin everything.





23. #KissAndSnow, January 2018


Mike sat on his bed in front of the open closet. The box with the skates rested on his knees smelling of leather.

Daya gave him an opening big enough to drive a truck through and he didn't take it. He could have told her about the decades-long competition between his parents and his own gastronomical excesses when she spoke up. Or afterwards... and he didn't. When she goes down the rabbit hole of the rare food sensitivities and medical conditions to help him, it would be on his own head.

He sighed and replaced the sharpened skates in the closet. They looked so out of place next to the folded sweaters, the row of familiar shirts and slacks, alien even.

But he was the one who brought up the skating first. It was also him who let Daya talk him into accepting skates as a Christmas gift.

And how could he refuse? Daya seemed less tractable since she came back from Toronto, as if an unfamiliar energy buoyed her into a different plane of existence. She always had a dancer's walk so light that he used to steal glances to check if she really walked like that all the time... but now she floated.

Her head floated too, as if she had left a bit of herself back in Ontario. She'd incline it, smiling dreamily, listening to an inaudible tune, miss what he was saying, apologize, ask him to repeat, then would drift away again, the popular fluff on the wind.

A shiver ran through him whenever he thought of it: was it all family business and would it let her go? It had been two days already since she had come back... at least physically.

Two whole days, oh my! Any woman should have forgotten her entire past by now in my intoxicating company.

Two whole days, oh my! Any woman should have forgotten her entire past by now in my intoxicating company. He scratched his ear... the only time Daya's attention didn't waver from him was when they went shopping for the skates and in the gym. Ironically, he wouldn't have minded less scrutiny at those locations, particularly in the gym.

Maybe it would have been better to say straight out, I want you to stay with me, instead of working out a rental agreement, but he was prepared to confess his love to the old Daya. The Daya who returned from Toronto was... intractable. And these were the times when quickly sparked passion was looked upon with derision. His acquaintances back at the university cited years of dating before moving in together like it was a work experience on a resume.

I want you to stay with me, He did it in a reverse order: asked the lady to move in, then fell in love with her. Such romantic arrangements had plenty of historic precedents, normally in the absence of choice. Modernity made his feelings suspect and it wouldn't do at all.

Hence, the quest for a reasonable rent amount that wouldn't ruin...what?

Everything, his thoughts whispered at him, ruin everything...

Everything, ruin everything... A light tap on the door interrupted his calculations. "Come in."

The object of his thoughts poked her head into the door, a pair of skates hanging around her neck. "I... ahem..." She blew a run away strand out of her eyes and started again. "Mike, sorry to bug you, but they are forecasting a Chinook for tomorrow. Let's go tonight before the ice melts."

"Ah, the motherland is blowing me a kiss, how nice." Through his first winter in Calgary, Mike came to appreciate the Chinooks, the warm coastal winds that made it over the Rockies from his native BC to Alberta. They thawed the city for a few days, melted the snow in the streets, inspired the more reckless citizens to wear shorts. And made an arch in the clouds over the horizon.

But the Chinooks were no friends for those interested in outdoor skating. "Give me a few minutes to get ready, Daya, and we'll go."

He took the skates out of the closet again and sighed. An alien thing...



***

It was a little after 6 pm when Mike found parking downtown. If he was to compose a song about his love for Daya, parking would make a refrain for every verse.

In February and in Calgary, 6 pm meant full dark of a midwinter night. Chinook wind did not let out its mighty breath over the mountains yet, so the air was still. Snowflakes dotted the cones of light given off by the street lamps. Some settled on Daya's eyelashes to twinkle at him: S.O.S. Save Our Souls ... He ignored the signals of the melting snowflakes, way too distracted by her eyes.

Save Our Souls Just before they emerged on the Olympic Plaza from the mini-forest of the fir trees bordering it, a fluffy branch dumped its snow load on Daya's red hat, matching scarf draping her shoulders, and skates.

"Hold on a second, Red Riding Hood." He dutifully dusted her off. The noises coming from the skating rink should have drowned out her soft chuckles, but the public could have been playing the bagpipes, and he would still picked out every single note of Daya's laughter. Oh, god, I am lost...

Oh, god, I am lost... Her face had never been closer to his. Some features, his imagination had filled in to compensate for his poor eyesight, were there. For example, there was a dimple on her cheek when she smiled. The two birthmarks, one under the corner of the left eye, another—at the chin, he had never guessed at.

was Just as he filed the new discoveries in his memory, she grabbed him by the hand and pulled him from the trees and into the floodlight.

He dusted the snow away again, this time a stone bench for her to sit on and lace up the skates, but she forced him down with an authoritative hand on his shoulder. "You first."

It was much harder to put the skates on outdoors, with his fingers numbed by the cold, perched uncomfortably on a narrow bench, and not knowing where to put his foot between taking it out of the boot and inserting it into the skate. He did not want Daya to hold up the skates for him like she did in the store, even if he dragged snow inside and it melted under the sole of his foot. I'll live.

I'll live. By the time he straightened up from the laces and gasped for breath on account of his stomach squished under his chest, Daya stood in front of him, ready to go.

"I'll wait for you on the ice," she said. "Remember to lean forward, toward me, and grab my shoulders if you have to."

"I shall endeavor to do just that." His heart thumped, once, twice, and just like that, holding Daya's gloved hand, he stopped caring about making a fool of himself, though he wished the place was less popular. Far less popular. Daya and him would have been enough, and this wish had nothing to do with embarrassment. All I want for Christmas...

All I want for Christmas... But he spent Christmas with his folks, and she went away to Toronto. She'd probably long forgotten their silly conversation about love.

"Mike?"

He was standing at the ice's edge, on the last step of the little amphitheater around the rink, a mere inch above the ice. Daya slipped her hand from his, jumped on the ice, twirled round to face him, and extended her arms towards him. As if she was prepared to catch him.

If he fell, he'd steamroll Daya under. He dry swallowed. No falling then.

"Lean forward," she repeated, lifting her face up to look him square in the eye, as if she trusted his feet to do the right thing. It did not last long. She looked down, frowning. "Bend your knees. More. More. More."

Okay, doing squats was one thing he hated more than falling, so he stepped forward and down. His right foot went sideways, the left hit Daya's precious skate, and his chest jerked backwards.



He wobbled like jelly mold salad with marshmallows from the nineteen-fifties. "The ice is slippery..." he grated.

Daya's brows strained into one line across her forehead, her lips puckered. She balanced him out, grunting with every oscillation of his awkward body. "Steady. Slippery is good. If it was not, the skates would make terrible shoes."

"Don't make me laugh," he pleaded, catching glimpses of the ice, the faces of the random strangers, Daya's hat, a strand of hair across her forehead, and the patterns on her scarf. It must have been Nihal's gift. Why couldn't he give her something practical like that? Something she could wear. A plastic rose, how droll...

A plastic rose, how droll... She scrunched her nose and blew the runaway hair out of her eyes. It slipped right back. Breathlessly, he reached out from her shoulder to her forehead, and tucked it away under the rim of her hat. The strand was stiffening with frost at the very end, but closer to her skull it looked suppler than silk. I'm lost, I'm lost, I'm hopelessly lost...

I'm lost, I'm lost, I'm hopelessly lost... "Thank you." His still reaching fingers lost contact with her skin, as she slipped back a step, inviting him to close the distance.

He tipped forward... that thing at the top of the blade, the pick, catching the ice. Because he needed extra challenges.

But Daya was within reach by some sorcery and caught him. "Good. Push, then let it glide. Bend your knees. Bend forward." She checked behind her shoulder, and slipped back another step, a quick and graceful motion. His was neither.

"That's how the knights must have felt in steel armor," he huffed, straining under the weight of his jacket.

"Relax your shoulders. Bend your knees."

"Mercy, my Queen."

"Look, Mike, look! You've almost finished the loop."

A glance slanted from his feet to the side of the rink, to the benches and the trees, confirmed her observation. His breath caught for a proud moment when he didn't topple in the direction he was looking at. That made him cautiously optimistic, but he thought it necessary to establish the truth. "One can never finish a loop. Circle is a symbol of eternity, since the ancient times precisely because it has neither the beginning, nor the end."

And he moved towards her little by little, while she escaped him with the same persistence. "There, maybe the circle does not have a beginning, but that's where we had started. You look like you could use a bit of a break, Mike."

He plopped on the stone border, splaying his legs wide to the sides to unbend his shaking knees. "Yes. You can take a break too... do your thing."

"My thing?" She held his eyes with a brat's smile budding on her lips. "You want to see my thing?"

The hot flush of embarrassment he generated could have heated the whole province, but he didn't have time to harness it.

Daya checked over her shoulder and took off to the biggest gap in skating public. She was right in front of him, at a few meters' distance. Her skates seemed to draw charge from the ice, as she gained the momentum of an arrow.

With no warning, her leg—he could not even tell if it were the left or the right one — pointed to the side. Her hands closed over her chest, she bent upper back and leaned her head back. And she spun on the spot. All at the same time.

Just as he started to wave and say wow , Daya arched backward, and without breaking the spin grabbed her skate with her hands... a few more rotations. Then the leg and the arms stretched to the sky, pointing. She looked like a folding knife, still spinning on the spot.

wow

The other skaters scooted to the side, all gawking at a girl breaking the rules of the public skating rink with her figures. The only thing missing to make a frame from a sport's movie was a little girl to pull on Daya's sleeve and ask her with an adorable lisp if she was a figure skater...

It was one thing to know she was a skater. It was something different entirely to see it for himself.

Daya dropped out of the spin and skated toward him so purposefully that the eyes turned on him. Despite this uncomfortable realization, an obscure force lifted Mike to his feet.

He stumbled onward. The gap between him and Daya closed—too rapidly! He threw his arms up for balance. Good lord, how do you stop in these things?! Apparently, one could do it by bumping into a laughing girl. She caught his hands into hers, a gloved palm to gloved palm, threaded her fingers through his.

Good lord, how do you stop in these things?! "Merry Christmas, Mike, and Happy New Year."

Her lips touched his. They were hot, moist. The best thing he had ever tasted.

The kiss was too chaste, gone too soon.

He wished he had seized the moment. He wished he had made it last. He wished he had been on the solid ground so he could keep her for long enough to ask for a proper kiss. He wished, he wished, he wished... as desperately as they wish upon a star.

"Happy New Year," he repeated after her in a daze. His tongue moved even slower when he talked than when he was kissed. Surprise, surprise. "What... what was it that you've just did? It was beautiful."

Surprise, surprise. "A combo spin. Biellmann spin at the end."

"Ah." he knew nothing, and it was painfully obvious.

She laughed and pushed him gently to the side. "Mike, I have a confession to make."

He plodded back to the ice edge; the movement was getting easier once he figured that he could push with only one foot.

"You were right, Mike. I needed skating in my life."

His heart plunged toward his liver. What did he expect? ' I love you more than life itself, Mike...' ?

I love you more than life itself, Mike...' "I didn't tell you, but I made a friend who lets me sneak on the ice and practice. Another friend in Toronto... well, he wants for me to try out for pairs. It's probably nonsense, but, Mike, I need to find a coach, buy ice time. Even if I stay in Calgary, I have to train the jumps again. I have to."

have His lips parted, but since the gift of speech deserted him for the time being, she went on: "That's why I need you to figure out how much you want for rent, see? To budget the training."

"Brilliant." There you go, a credit to all humankind. "It's brilliant."

His heart climbed down to the bottom of a glacier crevice. It could very well stay there for all eternity. What he needed was a modicum of brain activity. "Why... why don't you take over the food bill? You do most of the shopping anyway."

Daya made some mental calculation before nodding and smiling so happily that he could hear the shattering sound from below the ice. That's the last of my heart.

That's the last of my heart. "Thank you," she said and poked him in the ribs to do another loop. Strangely, his flattened hopes made skating easier. He didn't even have to clutch her every minute, so she fluttered around him like a firefly.

Snowflakes dropped over him.

Words dropped in time with the snow: Toronto, Shanti, Pavel.

He did everything right; he did. Told her the truth about the society lying about being able to achieve anything you want if only you try hard enough. And she found inspiration in his words. Moreso, she found a new opportunity. He should be happy for her. Then why did he taste vinegar on his tongue?

Pavel, Toronto, lutz. Triple throw...

Snow fell, one cold prickle after another, methodically, flickering in the light of the streetlamps.

Grade five lasso lift, Pavel. Toronto. Mike...





"Mike? Mike! Are you okay?"

Far from it. "Just focusing."

Far from it. She hooked her arm through his and gave him another chance to enjoy the excited glimmer of her eyes. "That's enough for the first time. You are rolling your ankle. Oh, Mike, thank you so much for coming! It was a wonderful, wonderful, wonderful night!"

There was a silver lining in this. He behaved like an impeccable gentleman, which was its own reward. He just had to wait until it started to feel like one.

Until then, he yearned to drown in a bowl of ramen noodles. Let the salty broth close over his head, curly strands weigh his mouth, and sliced onions be so pungent that they cut through the mind-numbing flavor. Yes... ramen noodles, just the thing on a cold day like this.





24. #AboutButterflies, February 2018


Daya unlocked the door, sending the key a mental order to scrape quieter. Let the bag on the floor by the door with barely a sound. Tip-toed into the kitchen.

A fresh pot of the pale-green liquid was waiting for her on the counter. She grabbed the cup out of the cabinet and lifted the teapot to pour the lifesaving substance. "Oh, Mike, thank you... But you did not have to get up early, this is your day off."

A soft grumbling came from the couch in the living room. The red frizzle of untamed hair crested the cushion, but the TV was off.

She thought that the lack of sleep could be creating an extra stressor, stagnating the weight-loss, but... it sounded too stressful to tell him. Also, she was too beat to care if Mike lost a single ounce of fat ever again. Maybe his karma was to be an oasis in the sea of anxiety.

So, she poured herself a cup and scooted over to ruffle his hair. It was too familiar a gesture, but he must have just had a shower and the mop was an irresistible mess. If he would flinch, she'd apologize and would never do it again.

He did not flinch; he rolled his head back to smile at her. His eyes had a soulful cast to them.

"What are you up to, Mike?" she asked and glanced down at the laptop screen. A couple of flow charts occupied most of the space. Circles with bows, crossed swords, explosions etc on a sliding ruler. In the far right corner, shuffled to the side, a folder spilled out a few pdfs with undigestible names.

"A new game?" she asked, leaning against the back of the couch. Her hip was sore, and her head pounded.

"The same one. I am just trying to build a different skill rotation for the Undertaker battle. I don't want to drop the difficulty down."

"Uh-huh," Daya said. "The boss would be so effing disappointed if you kill him on hard vs. nightmare."

"Devastated. So far he was handing me my behind in canape-sized pieces. But I figured out how to beat him. My new electricity-focused build should do the trick." He clicked a button, adding points to a thundercloud with a bolt of lightning, then closed the folder. "How was your practice?"

"I have all the doubles as stable as could be, but I've tried a triple T, and the jam hit the fan. Only landed it one in ten, and it was under-rotated, though Joy thinks it would pass. The coach says I'm rushing, but I need a triple, if I want to advance into sectionals in the spring."

"Uh-huh." An uncomfortable silence inserted itself between them. She thought Mike would forgive her for holding out on him about her sneaking out to skate before, but he acted distant since her confession. Purposely distant. Like right now, when she sat next to him, and he shifted a cushion between them. And he didn't want her to know he was browsing his abandoned thesis materials.

She wished she at least was sure that she had ruined everything, but the expression that flickered behind his glasses before that cushion fell like a barricade... That expression made her just as pointedly dislodge the cushion and put it on her lap. Hey, the tea in her mug was too hot to handle, she needed it...

"Maybe the coach is right?" Mike offered, staring straight ahead.

She sipped the tea. "Maybe. But I had a vivid reminder why I quit. I'm bruised, my head is pounding, and I suck ."

suck "You don't suck!" Mike dipped his head after raising his voice, sighed, then repeated in a normal tone. "You don't suck."

And he still avoided looking directly at her. Would it kill him to meet her eyes?

"If I keep saying that I do, I'll sound needy." She massaged her temples. "If I say that I don't, I won't get the external validation I want. Sometimes I wish you could come and see me practice. It's foolish, I know. My sister watched me all the time, and I miss it, but you're not my brother. And my brother used to hate my skating, so... okay, I'm not sure where I'm going with it."



"I had seen you practice," Mike said. "From the viewing window on the second level. Your sister is made of sturdier stuff than I'm. Your falls make me nauseous."

"I didn't know, but thank you." There must have been occasions in her life when she felt stupider for whining, but she couldn't think of a single one. Simultaneously, her head vibrated with joy — Mike was there... and it hurt too. "I'm sorry for bugging you when you are playing. Winter must be getting to me. And the stupid Chinook wind. It makes me moody, teasing me with spring that wouldn't come... and the headaches."

"Carol told me the same. She had mentioned a place she likes to go when she needs a break from winter. Do you... do you want me to take you? If you have time?"

"Yes!" She pressed her hand to her mouth, embarrassed by her own eagerness. Her and Mike going somewhere together, like a date.

She cleared her throat. "I have nothing scheduled till the afternoon. As long as the Undertaker doesn't mind?"

"I'll let him live another day."

That smile he gave her before climbing from his cushioned fortress... Was it tentative? Hopeful? Surprised?





Part of her loathed his intractable nature, wanted to shake him for a simple True or False answer. Is this a date? Do you like me? Like like me?

Is this a date? Do you like me? like me? The rest of her didn't want to ruin things. She was no longer fifteen, dying to get kissed, getting kissed, then dying to shake off the disappointment.

Then again, she kissed him. And maybe she was dying to get kissed. Just a little bit...

Okay, a lot.

***

Mike took SantaFe to the Deerfoot Trail, driving toward downtown, the same route they took to the medical center on the day they had met. Mid-morning, the traffic was less desperate. As a passenger, Daya got to enjoy the freeway speed and the unfolding cityscape on the high river bank.

The Bow River threaded its way below the road shoulder. Pedestrian pathways zigzagged the river terrace, with a couple of joggers and plenty of dog-walkers taking advantage of the warmer day. The trails converged at the suburban houses crowning the bluff. Next to the frantic road, it looked particularly peaceful.

Mike turned off the Deerfoot Trail, but before Daya could ask him if they were going downtown, they took another turn. In a couple more minutes, they drove past a gorilla made of bronze metal stripes, making the destination obvious.

She giggled. "Mike, are you taking me to the Zoo? I am a big girl." Maybe if she wanted to emphasize being a grown-up, giggling was not the way to go. But she could not help it. The giggling gods pumped her lungs full of the laughing gas.

"Stay your judgment, Daya. There is a method to my madness." Ponderous as it sounded, a smile nested at the corners of his lips.

The parking lot, big enough to handle weekend inundations, stood almost empty. A school group in winter hats with pompoms, cat's ears and baby-animal eyes was disappearing down the tunnel leading to the Zoo. The kids were holding hands, but they jostled in all directions.

Daya reached out to find his hand. "Let's set a good example."

"Always." He wrapped her hand in his, and walked her briskly through the tunnel with color-changing light fixtures and carved animals, past the statue of a gigantic penguin by the Penguin House, and over the Bow River bridge.

During the journey, she didn't ask him a single question. The gusts of warm wind made talking difficult, and maybe a little weekday mystery was what she needed. Besides, he held her hand, and she was dying to get kissed like a schoolgirl. And to get kissed, you needed a long enough lull in a conversation.



Finally, he brought her inside a glass-domed building. "This is it, Carol's secret retreat, the indoor gardens in the Zoo. In the summer, they have butterflies in the smaller one."

"I wish they had butterflies." Daya sighed wistfully. "They're so pretty."

"Let's pretend that they are invisible." He flicked his fingers in front of her face like an amateur magician about to extract a coin from a toddler's nose.

She silently pointed at the plastic stripes used to keep the winged creatures inside the room. They were all pinned up.

He shrugged in a well-I've-tried way.

well-I've-tried She clung to his arm again. "Let's go in."

Inside, the butterfly abode assaulted her with the profusion of color.

The glass ceiling and walls admitted bright prairie sunlight. A decorative pond, perhaps seven or so meters in length and five in width, sat in the middle of the Butterfly Garden, circled by a tiled border one could perch on. Mirrored benches, overhung by small tropical trees, waited patiently for those who wished to contemplate the outlandish lotuses and papyrus in peace.

All along the walls, more tropical fare packed the flower beds. Vines climbed the walls to the ceiling. The bougainvillea was in magenta bloom, anemic compared to the warmer, sunnier lands, but it was bright enough for February in Calgary.

But what made Daya grin, was that the spaces between the tropical plants were filled with pink azaleas, tulips, and kalanchoe. And big hearts, plastic and made of the coils of lights. "They decorated the room for the Valentines!"

Mike coughed. "The feast of St. Valentine commemorates an obscure bishop martyred in Rome in the 3rd century. It has nothing to do with romantic love."

Just like you? Then why did you offer to fall in love with me by Christmas? That deadline had passed.

Just like you? Then why did you offer to fall in love with me by Christmas? That deadline had passed. She waved him away and went to peek inside the pond. It had purple water lilies next to the plants that brought to mind the pharaohs.

"This is so cheesy, Mike. It reminds me of the primary school, when our teachers made us sign the Valentines for the entire class. Shanti always had to write the names of the kids I did not want to give the cards to. Then, I had to do exactly the same thing for Nihal. So silly... Did they make you do that too in your school?"

"Yes." Mike stuffed his hands into his pockets. "And I signed all the cards diligently."

She reached out, meaning to cup his face in her hands. "Oh, you were so good, Mike."

His cheeks flashed scarlet momentarily under her fingertips. He shook his head. "I didn't do it out of the goodness of my heart. I did it because I had guessed that it was an empty gesture."

The warm building with thick floral scent made her giddy. Her soul craved light, silly words to flutter around if she couldn't have the butterflies.

"Mike Wilson!" Slipping her hands down his jaw, she caught the collar of his jacket, stepped in closer, opened her eyes dramatically wide like a flirt of the bygone days. "What of your speeches, how love is a force of good in a person's life? All lies, damn lies?"

"Those are not mutually exclusive beliefs, Daya Dhawan."

Her hands felt trapped where they rested, with him standing motionless. If only he gave her a signal, any signal, she would forget about Toronto, about Pavel, about everything but him. But he just looked into her face through his glasses, and... nothing. She couldn't even feel him breathing. No butterflies.

She released her grip on him, but stayed her ground right in front of him. "And when you were no longer under the obligations to express your friendship to thirty random kids? Did you do your Valentines?"

His head tilted toward her, still maddeningly too far for kissing. "In some years, yes. The others, no. In retrospect, I've enjoyed the years when I didn't more than the years when I did. Valentine Day felt like it had as much to do with love as it had with martyrdom."

He didn't ask her, but he was looking at her expectantly.

The memories felt too distant to matter, but she confessed. "I thought I would marry my high school sweetheart like Shanti. But it was Shanti who said, give it a year... He went to McGill University. And that was the end of that. Nothing really stuck after that."

Her flirty mood dissipated as suddenly as it engulfed her. She realized that she was standing in a glass bubble with greenhouse flowers, in a company of a man who sometimes felt like the closest person to her, and at other times—like a faraway stranger.

He would not make the move, and her own were clumsy. If this was choreo sequence, they'd be stumbling at the opposite sides of the rink, their backs turned to one another. Sweeping and bold, that's what she needed.

"Mike!"

But there was no going back after sweeping and bold. What if she read him wrong, projecting her own foolish feelings on a friendly fellow? If she kissed him again, Valentines' kisses didn't have the same fallback excuses as the New Year's.

"I... I like it here." She looked around with far more attention than the topiary deserved. "It makes winter in Calgary tolerable."

"Tolerable, yes..." Mike mumbled, also studying the plants. "Tolerable..."

Maybe he was picking a replacement for the poinsettia that lost all its red leaves a few days ago. Daya wouldn't be surprised to find a pink kalanchoe on the empty plant stand by the window tomorrow.

He cleared his throat and stuck his hands deeper into his pockets. "The second garden is bigger. Do you want to stretch your legs?"

"Yes." She was ready to leave the butterfly room without the butterflies.

All the invisible ones swarmed her chest. There, trapped, they desperately beat their wings. What's happening? the wings asked. What's happening? What's happening to us?

What's happening? What's happening? What's happening to us? Nothing.

Nothing. I don't know.

I don't know.





25. #InRed, February 2018


The 2018 Winter Olympic Games in Pyeong Chang were in full swing.

"Earth to Daya! You're missing all the curling!" he called to the kitchen from the couch.

Daya fiddled with celery sticks and cucumber slices. The only thing he was looking forward to on her tray were baby tomatoes.

Carrots had been banned last week on suspicion of the dark side ability to spike his blood sugar. He lived to the age of twenty-seven in blissful ignorance of the notion that the root vegetables were sweet. Luckily, he had never liked raw carrots, so their absence from his life didn't hurt him.

The candy bars, on the other hand... he couldn't resist, despite finding their taste cloying. Unfortunately, he couldn't share this breakthrough with Daya.

"I'm coming," she said. The warning was unnecessary, given that it only took a few steps from the counter to the couch, but her voice was a welcome alternative to that of the commentator.

On the screen, the athletes mopped the ice with a commendable dedication.

Mike watched Daya instead out of the corner of his eye. "Apparently, we kill in curling. Imagine that."

She had wanted to watch the Olympics together. She had painstakingly frozen the images until he pretended he could see the difference between the toe loop jump and the loop jump, but he couldn't shake gnawing anxiety.

Did he imagine the strain in her neck because he wanted a reason to rub it away? Or had he forgotten it was always there? He had seen little of her in the past weeks. She was always looking for an opening to be on the ice, or squeezing in a dance class.

Or she was avoiding him. No, no . She was doing exactly what he had insisted she'd do. Oh, good Lord, I'm an idiot...

No, no Oh, good Lord, I'm an idiot... He focused on the screen where the curling coverage switched to the highlights. The running text promised the figure skating lady singles final next.

The commentary focused on Kaetlyn Osmond, the top Canadian contender, and her Russian rivals, a fifteen year-old Alina Zagitova and a nineteen year-old Evgenia Medvedeva.

After watching competitions so far, Mike started to clue in why Daya had felt she had missed her chance. Figure skating seemed to work on the crib to podium conveyor belt principle. Canadian Osmond, the same age as Daya, was a decorated veteran.

The Russians, as young as they were, spoke breathlessly of the teenagers who were pawing the ground in the wings, dying to turn fifteen. Once unleashed, they'd shatter the senior ladies' figure skating world with their multiple quad jumps. The scoring charts would be topped. Men would have to train quintuple jumps, impossible according to the laws of physics.

Bloodbath and mayhem would follow. The world of sequins, gauze skirts and charming smiles had all the gentleness of the mortal combat arena after the Hells froze over.

It seemed inconceivable to him that someone would want to step back into the rink after getting away. Forget everyone else. He cared about Daya, and she said Calgary was tolerable. Not the highest praise, but it was better than nothing.

The way she glanced at him sometimes, the soft gaze from under the veil of lashes, turned the world on its head. And she was chomping down the celery stick on his couch, while his deadline to return to Toronto was ticking down even now. It had to mean—what?

Why don't you just ask?

Why don't you just ask? He fiddled with his glasses to find a distraction. The Olympics, damn it, the competition that had its stakes inflated by its rarity—and he found his unfashionable but light frames more intriguing. What if the Canadians won the most medals? What if they didn't?



What of it?

What of it? More and more gladiators in sequins stepped into the bright lights... slowly, the thrill of the words final and champion found a purchase in his gamer's soul. He picked favorites, winced at the falls that barely looked survivable, let alone something a fragile girl could smile away while chasing the music. There were no damsels on the ice.

final champion Daya's shoulder touched his... her bare shoulder—she wore a sleeveless hoodie. He was grateful for his sweater, because his freckled soft flesh would have looked like a sesame bun next to her tight warmly hued skin.

Through this contact he got his first warning that something was about to happen on TV as the stream advanced in its second hour.

The camera panned over the joyful smile of a dark-eyed skater in a red-and-gold dress, with elbow-length gloves. The skirt was the sort that the ballet dancers were, a starched circle, rather than the kind that falls down the hips. He did not think it was the dress that strained Daya's shoulder so much, but he rubbed her back before realizing what he was doing.

The line on the screen said the girl was the first after the short.

"You think this... ah, Alina... will win?" he asked Daya, absorbing her body's warmth into the palm of his hand. His warm girl swallowed instead of an answer, and the music started, a lively classic tune.

The girl on the ice took off, her smile growing brighter as she picked up speed. She was fighting, but she made it look like she was an elf playing on the ice.

The squares on the score chart for each program element gazed empty.

The top score to beat sat at 75 and a bit.

All the gliding put Alina to 3 and something.

The playful music went on.

Alina swirled and twirled, flirting with the audience, sending confident smiles at the cameras.

The score increased to barely 14, half the skating time gone, only two element squares filled with green, the rest of them still blank, a long row of empty squares.

"What is happening? Is she going to jump?"

The commentator and Daya said almost at the same time that the jumps would come in the last half of the program, on tired legs, because the new scoring system gave a huge bonus for that distribution.

Alina didn't seem tired, absorbing energy from the light, making sweeping circles around the rink. The red and gold of her ballerina dress, and the white of her teeth between the coral lips shone as the millions watched her dance carefree.

Alina jumped.

"Wow!"

The score jumped to 21 points, one more square switched to green.

"Triple lutz," Daya whispered into his ear.

Just like her breath on his cheek, the music teased.

Alina was jumping again, in a combo.

Mike had given up on knowing which jump was which, so he glanced at Daya, who mouthed, double axel, triple toe loop .

double axel, triple toe loop But the time was running out, but all those blank squares...

The flirt on skates paid no hid.

Her smile didn't fade a fraction, and there she let them have it, jump after jump, three in a row...

This time Daya called out a triple flip, a double toe loop, a double loop before Mike had asked. Anyway, it was lots of jumps.

The ease of it seemed improbable, staged, filmed beforehand, not broadcasted on live TV.



The music, already lively, picked up. The girl did not quirk an eyebrow at the world, but something about her beatific smile said, now, now, I mean serious business .

now, now, I mean serious business At a whirlwind speed Alina went around the rink with more jumps to finish (triple lutz & triple loop combo, triple salchow, triple flip, double axel Daya was saying).

The squares filled in, not a single red one, all green. The score jerked up and up and up.

Crescendo—and Alina spun as if made of wax, flowing through the positions, ending with one leg pressed against her body.

For the first time her face tightened with effort. It did nothing to shake off Mike's impression that he was watching a film, not a live competition. That last huzzah belonged in a sports movie about how the underdogs overcame it all to win an all-important match.

Then the music was done, and she was done, ending the tour de force with a coquettish bow, with her arms flung behind her, her wrists flipping, a classic ballet swan.

Mike felt it was the equivalent of giving someone a finger.

The score row of the performed elements filled in to the end, all green with final score six points ahead of the score to beat.

Daya sobbed.

His hand had never left her back. He wrapped his arms around Daya, while simultaneously fumbling to pause the stupid Olympics. I should have known...

I should have known... Daya cried with her face hidden in his sweater, her shoulders shaking. He stroked her hair, smelling the cinnamon and flowers of the toiletries she used. He stretched out to wrestle tissues out of the box and pushed his back into the couch to create a bit of a gap between them.

She looked cozy with her hands clutching the sweater under his chin, her complexion heated with tears. He dabbed some away. "Do you want some water?"

"No." She sniffled, and he dabbed some more.

"I'm sorry." She poked the soggy spot on his sweater with her finger. "It's just first you think you are too young, and you will get stronger, will get faster. Then you think you are growing and need to adapt to your new body. Then, then... there are all these other things. Bad luck, injuries, things ... then, then it's too late, you are too old. But there is Alina, and she is fifteen... and it's not like she did not have the same crap to deal with—"

"I understand, I understand..." he said softly.

She shook her head, no, you don't .

no, you don't "Okay, maybe I don't, maybe nobody does." Giddily, recklessly, he dropped the tissue and just traced her cheek with his fingers. His head pounded—that would be the sound of his best intentions fleeing through the closed windows. If there was ever a time to take a calculated risk, to tip the balance of the scales in his favor, it was now.

"But I am in love with you, and I don't give two figs about this red ballerina in Korea."

"Alina Zagitova," Daya whispered.

"Yes, her too."

Daya slipped her hand from where they were squeezed between his chest and hers. Her mouth never fully closed, offering a tempting hollow. She pulled the glasses down his nose, put them away, somewhere...

"Mike... please, kiss me."

The world drifted out of focus. The smudged shapes, her whispering his name, his confession—it all had an aspect of an alternative reality. He closed his eyes to keep from waking up and found her upturned face with his lips. The salty trail led his mouth from her eyes to her lips. He remembered them puffed up from crying, unlocked, unguarded.



He kissed each in turn, before she pulled herself up to draw him into an all out kiss. Or all in, he thought, probing with his tongue, to see what happens. Wondrous things, was what Carter said when he had glimpsed Tutankhamen's burial finery. That was what Mike thought too about the inroads he was making into Daya's mouth.

And her hair, because his free hand, with an unprecedented agility, loosened her hair. He felt it with his fingers, traced it falling past her shoulders, around her neck. He almost opened his eyes to see as much as he could.

This alternative reality was getting sweeter and more alternative by the minute. He loved every incredible moment of it.

Daya tugged loose the hem of his sweater from where it got caught on the belt of his jeans, and he guessed—felt her hands slipping underneath it. The shiver passed through him, from skin touching skin when her palms moved from his stomach to his chest. It generated the current that was not electrical, but it was electrifying at the same time.

The drumming song of I want, I want, I want drowned out everything else: considerations, fears, caution.

I want, I want, I want With shaking fingers, he found the pull of her vest's zipper. He did not trust his voice mid-kiss, but the: "Too soon?" came out as close to human words as could be reasonably hoped for.

"No..." she whispered. "You have seductive hands. Had anyone told you that?"

"Once or twice..." he smiled, threading the tiny metal loop between his fingers, touching the silky fabric and the clavicle through it. "Far less than you've heard about your eyes, and lashes, and... everything. Do I stand a hope? A toe? A birthmark missed by praise? You're exquisite, my heart."

She kissed the tip of his nose. "Don't worry about being original."

"That would be the first."

"And open your eyes."

"That would be the first."





Her ' yeah ' was more of a sigh, but it sounded better than any opera to his ears.

yeah He opened his eyes to follow the parting of the zipper. The strip of a black bra binding her small breasts peaked out, then the curve of the abdominal muscle. His brain threatened to shut off the flow of oxygen through his parted lips if he didn't pursue it with nibbles.﻿

The next three things happened all at once.

He stretched out to kiss the pearls poking through the shiny material and free them from the fabric if he could.

Daya climbed into his lap to ease the access, her body engulfing him in dizzying heat.

And the stadium in the faraway Korea exploded into applause and cheers from the TV screen.

The chanting was deafening.

Alina Zagitova pumped her arm. The commentator guesstimated if her components score was higher than someone else's, and if her triple-triple combo would be the deciding factor—

The remote, his neurotic idiot of a remote, picked up on their movements and restarted the stream. The reality messed up with his alternative one.

He grabbed the remote, inwardly cursing, and that's when he saw Daya turn her head and look at Alina.

If they scraped all the ice from the Olympic rink and crushed it into the ice cubes, then poured it behind his collar, he could not have sobered up faster.

He stiffened, and not in that good old-fashioned I really like you way, but in the what the hell are you doing, Mikey?! way.

I really like you what the hell are you doing, Mikey?! Hadn't he watched his parents fight for decades, because his mother's dreams got swept under the carpet? He'd just stepped on the rake that hit his father in the face.

As gently as he could, Mike untangled himself from Daya and the couch, found his glasses with shaking hands and restored them on his nose.

The world looked normal now. The two realities slammed together, sending a shock through him.

"Don't substitute me for what you actually need, Daya. You won't like it. I'm sorry I've taken leave of my senses. I'm going to step out for a bit..." Mumbling, why was he always mumbling? He tried to steady his voice, with little success. "Once I'm back, I promise you to behave. It will be hard after what had happened, but it will return to normal. I promise."

She followed him down the hall. "Mike, are you blind? I love you!"

He pulled the jacket from the peg and threw it over his shoulders, not bothering with the sleeves in his rush to leave. If she touched him again, his resolve would evaporate, and he'd pile on an unforgivable mistake on top of the first-rate idiocy.

In his mind he kept seeing how it would happen, how he would lean Daya on the couch, her body bare... how her hair would spill around him in waves as he looked for a place for himself within her.

And that's when she would look away... not tonight, but some other night. Eventually. And that just wasn't good enough.

"Why? Why would you love me? Apart from the proximity that is?" It hurt. It hurt more than it should have, more than it ever did. Just how badly had he fallen for her? Badly enough by all signs.

Badly enough by all signs. Daya's frustrated voice chased him out of the doors. "Is that a trick question? Mike? Mike!"

And he wasn't sure if he had heard it or imagined, but as he thundered down the stairs, there came something more: You didn't give up on your thesis either... ﻿

You didn't give up on your thesis either...





26. #LegoCastle, February 2018


After the door shut into Daya's face, she dashed back to the living room. She wanted to toss the remote into the TV screen. It was its fault for ruining everything! But owing Mike more than she already did would not improve matters.

The things to say, the right things to say crowded her head uselessly.

With shaking hands, she gathered the dirty dishes and put them into the sink.

"You surprise me. You're mum when I want you to speak, you won't shut up when I expect silence," she told the dishes.﻿

The plates clanged against the stainless steel, tempting her to break them into pieces instead of rinsing them for the dishwasher.

"And you're deep, far deeper than I knew I wanted, but the thing is... to the very bottom of you, you want me to be happy. And I want you to be happy too, even if it's as obvious as a tattoo on a rhinoceros' butt."

The dishes lined on the rack—with her help, this wasn't Disney's animated film.

"Is it so hard to believe that I love you?" With the water shut off, her voice was too loud for an empty apartment.

Too jittery to do anything constructive, she ran to her room, and burrowed her head under the pillow like a child. Mike will be back. They will sort things out. Gods, she'd should have never given in, she should have thrown the bloody skates away instead of hitting her head on the stone wall.

Somehow, she had to get her feelings through Mike's thick skull. She couldn't win with talking points about his awesome qualities. Mike was far, far better at talking than her, so he'd convince himself of the opposite, particularly if she lets him play devil's advocate.

No, it would do no good to play the game where he had every advantage... She had to do something, not say something.

do say But what? Sit in front of his doors with a sulky expression? See, I'm not going anywhere, 'cause I love you. Take me in, tell me what's wrong. I'll fix it. I swear, I'll fix it.

See, I'm not going anywhere, 'cause I love you. Take me in, tell me what's wrong. I'll fix it. I swear, I'll fix it. She expelled a shuddering sigh . If only the head-long plunges like that worked.

. Deep inside her the inner gears ticked pleasantly at the thought of his room, his smell, his body warmth. She didn't want to sit by his door; she wanted to touch his things, have her cheek on his pillow, inhaling his lingering presence.

It's been a while since she'd been intimate with someone, and she didn't miss it, until Mike teased the desire out. It came back with a vengeance, and she did not feel the slightest shade of embarrassment. Substitute, yeah... it will be back to the way it was... Mike, how can a guy this smart be this stupid?

Substitute, yeah... it will be back to the way it was... Mike, how can a guy this smart be this stupid? She rotated the doorknob and stepped inside his room.

Little had changed there, except the model of the LEGO castle was finished. She sat down on Mike's bed, hugged his pillow to her chest and sighed. She was almost at peace. All the fight left her. The exhaustion of having a cry earlier stretched her mouth in a yawn.

What would Mike think if he found her curled around his pillow, asleep on his bed? Knowing him, he'd tiptoe out and sleep on the couch. And things would go unresolved, words unsaid. Where was he anyway? With an annoyed grunt, she looked around again, yawned again.

Maybe she should leave it until tomorrow. Tomorrow would be another day, and maybe Mike would clue in all by himself how stupid his fears were. Yeah, tomorrow... we'll fix it tomorrow. I'll not let it slip back to the way it was.

should Yeah, tomorrow... we'll fix it tomorrow. I'll not let it slip back to the way it was. She pushed up to her feet, and her idle gaze fell on the nightstand drawer. It stood slightly ajar. Instinctively, she tried to slide it shut, but it wouldn't go, something was stuck.

She opened it, looking for obstruction, and sleepiness fled in the blink of an eye.

The drawer had two plastic bags, neatly sealed. One had mini candy bars, like the ones they sell on Halloween, the other held the empty wrappers; the bulging wrappers-bag jammed the drawer. He must have been collecting them until he could smuggle them out of the condo.

Daya half-screamed, half-growled, and yanked the stupid thing out, ripping a tear in the plastic. The silvery wrappers spilled over the floor. She tossed the bag after it, like a rattlesnake and slammed the drawer shut.

Oh, gods, oh gods, he lied to her from the start, lied to her with a straight face.

Oh, gods, oh gods, And she bought it, never suspecting once he was not even trying. What else was he doing behind her back? What kind of a sick joke— oh, gods.

oh, gods. Is that what had just happened between them? Did the last shred of decency sent him running instead of updating an ancient movie about the cheerleaders, nerds and jocks? Oh gods, oh gods, oh gods... She should have known: a lone gamer belong in the same class of dating alarms as I met a nice guy online.

Oh gods, oh gods, oh gods... I met a nice guy online. She sucked air in short, hysterical gasps, a hard task through clenched teeth. She didn't want to believe it, but...

Mike lied.

Mike lied. Mike lied to me.

Mike lied to me. Building up fury popped her mouth open, allowing for a chest-full of air to fill in her lungs, and with it came a new surge of mad energy. Before she could stop herself, she smashed his bloody castle on the dresser. The LEGO flew around the room and pelted the floor like hail. A new barrage of sobs shook her shoulders. Oh, gods... my life is such a mess.

Oh, gods... my life is such a mess. She knelt in front of Mike's broken castle. The castle so painstakingly built and rebuilt...

A few plastic squares impaled themselves into her knees. She winced, and swept handfuls of LEGO into its plastic tub, then started scooping them off the floor. Tears veiled her sight, as she clutched a few bits in her hand, to the same music phrase repeating in her head, over and over: Oh tell me why, d o we build castles in the sky?

Oh tell me why, d o we build castles in the sky? It wasn't even that good of a song... She could clean it all up. Cleaning made things better, at least on the surface. But the real disaster, the one inside, the one that made her break his toy like they were in kindergarten, would remain.

Mike lied to me. I broke his stuff. Daya, the princess that destroyed the castle. Gods, I suck.

Mike lied to me. I broke his stuff. Daya, the princess that destroyed the castle. Gods, I suck. What did she miss about the man she cleaved to?

She shuffled through memories as if it were a deck of cards. Then she walked on her knees to the other end of the dresser, dragging her hand along its polished surface. A few more pointy pieces lodged into her shins, and she plucked them out, tossed them into the bin without aiming.

Her eyes remained on the pictures of Mike's family. She took them one by one, and studied them again, far more attentively than the first time.

There was Mike, recognizable by a mop of red hair and a spray of freckles as a kid. He grinned and clutch hands of his rotund dad, his elegant mom. His dad would be called a neck beard nowadays. His mom would still be what she would have been centuries ago and always, a beauty.

Mike changed to a gawky teen, tolerating his dad's arm on his shoulder, grinning.

On a separate picture, he stood side by side with his mother, both arms pressed to his sides.

Then it was Mike in his graduation robes, twice. He stood dead center between his parents, not touching either. His mother appeared to be frighteningly similar to her younger version, like she was a witch with a potion of immortality. At first glance, his father looked youthful too on Mike's graduation pictures, much healthier. But the more Daya peered, the more she thought that Mr. Wilson now had something of an ascetic monk with burning eyes about him, something unsettling.

Daya stumbled into the bathroom to throw cold water on her face. Not to wash away the tears: her tears were all gone. But to fortify herself for what she had to do now. She knew where to look for Mike and what to say to him. And her insides hurt like hell at the thought of it.





27. #TornPages, February 2018


The servers by Tim Horton's counter, those captains of the coffee ocean and the stewards of the fried dough castles, did not bat an eyelash at a lonely guy ordering a dozen donuts.

Mike chose them with care: Boston cream, the cruller, double chocolate, maple glaze, walnut-caramel, all his old friends. The box was the last bastion at rock bottom.

He took his time rearranging his bounty, debating if two chocolate glazed pastries could stay side by side, or if they should be separated by a sugar-powder dusted one. The result looked so pretty, he loathed to eat it.

Daya sat alone in his apartment, upset, and he lamented the fate of donuts... He picked the one from the middle, got a bite in. The glaze tasted less of chocolate than it did of sugar. The dough was a touch stale. The cream must be at the other side and would drip if he was not careful.

He turned the donut and closed his eyes, anticipating the sinful mouthful. The creamy core pulled all the flavors together, soaked into the dough surrounding it, brightened up the chocolate notes. It made up for the shortcomings magically, with every swallow. He licked the last smudge coating his finger and opened his eyes in search of his next saccharine victim.

Daya walked through the doors of the coffee shop, her eyes locked on him.

There is a limited vocabulary for this kind of train wreck in slow motion moments. It could be a boulder landing on your toe or a lover catching you on a lie. The first two words that sprung to Mike's mind weren't sophisticated. He uttered them both under his breath, poisoning the taste of food he'd just salivated over with swearing.

As Daya cut her way between the empty tables, he crumbled the cruller. Say Kruger crumbled the cruller fifteen times fast... But he could not take his eyes off of her approaching. She looked like she had discovered the truth, but she didn't seem mad.

Say Kruger crumbled the cruller fifteen times fast... Hollow. She looks hollow... and lovely.

Hollow. She looks hollow... and lovely. The indigo shadows around her eyes and mouth no longer teased his imagination. They concerned him.

"Mike," she said pulling out the chair for herself, folding her hands on the tabletop, the jacket's sleeves stretched over fists instead of gloves. "I'm sorry."

He crumbled the biggest piece of the cruller into smaller crumbs. How stupid. She was not a dove to peck.

"Something got into me. I thought it would fix things if I waited for you in your room..." She propped one elbow on the table, lowered her forehead to it, and tried to rub off the wrinkles. "Your drawer with the chocolate stash was opened up."

Of all days, it had to be today. "I'm terrible at hiding things."

"You're pretty good at it, actually."

Her tone cut him to the quick. He squeezed the crumbs back into a bigger piece of inedible bread Plasticine. The inside of his palms grew sticky. Good thing it was February, or wasps would chase him all the way home. Or the killer bees. This might be the one day of his life when he'd welcome a swarm of killer bees.

It was too late to confess, but he did it anyway. "I'm not a victim of a sinister metabolic affliction. I eat too much."

"I'm sorry," she repeated. Before he could figure out what she was apologizing for, her voice dropped to a whisper. "I broke your castle."

It took him a moment to realize that she was talking about his Winterfell LEGO set. "Okay. That's okay."

She tossed her head up. Her hair was still undone, he noticed. He let it down when he was kissing her not an hour ago. He shifted to deal with an inconvenient twitching. A flash of misdirected anger passed through his mind. That's fantastic timing... I have a masochistic fetish now?

That's fantastic timing... I have a masochistic fetish now? "No, Mike, it's not okay! It wasn't okay for me to invade your privacy, it wasn't okay for me to break your things. And it wasn't okay for me to steamroll over you. You had never once told me you wanted to lose weight. On the opposite, you outright told me you were fine as you are. And if I was worth two cents as a fitness professional, I would have caught you in a lie, instead of chugging along, and... But I'm just a pretender."

This was a rare occasion when he couldn't put a word in. At the very first pause she took for breath, he tried to rectify it. She was getting worked up over nothing. It didn't matter at all to him. "Daya—"

"Daya what? Daya, you don't suck, it's all my fault? It's not. You aren't fixing stuff by excusing every wrong thing I did. As your life coach, I shouldn't have turned to you for comfort, let alone fallen for you. As a friend, I shouldn't have trashed your life."

For once, he could not stand the dark heat of her eyes. He looked at the cruller and condemned it to the midden heap of history. "There wasn't much to trash. I took care of that myself."

"What you have is good, Mike. You've worked hard to get here, found your place and be content with it. Of all people, you don't deserve a bitch for a girlfriend. Not that I know how to be a girlfriend either. The only thing I know is how to skate, it's all I think about."

He started taking apart the unglazed chocolate donut, adding brown crumbs to the yellow ones. It looked like a pastry slaughter house. "I disagree. I distinctly remember you thinking about me. You cared what I eat, even who I'm fighting in a video game you have no use for."

"I wish it was enough." She swallowed audibly. "Mike, I saw your family photos. Promise me to talk to someone who has more than one brain cell preoccupied by figure skating. To fix the damage I've done."

"Daya--" She remained silent, but he could not say much more. He could not even take her hands, because his were covered in sticky stuff. He rubbed his fingers on a napkin with a vengeance, but it was too late.

Daya stood up. "I've booked myself into a motel. Once I've sorted out my contract with VITAL, I'm returning to Ontario to train with Sorokin. And I'm taking this with me, if you don't mind."

She wrestled the familiar paperback from her pocket.

Winners Do Not Have Bad Days. Like hell they don't. Everyone does. "It's yours if you want it."

Winners Do Not Have Bad Days. Like hell they don't. Everyone does. "I can't fix things with you before I fixed myself, no matter how much I want to. I'm destroying you otherwise."

He started at the familiar book. "Just so you know, their falling out of love method doesn't work."

The jerky motions with which she leafed through the pages hinted at trembling hands. "A powerful self-hypnosis technique... do not attempt unless you are absolutely sure you wish to scratch the person from your life... " she muttered under her breath, reading. Her brows knitted together as the text sank in. "Visualize things that disgust you..."

She slammed the book on the table and ripped the pages out with vehemence that earned a bewildered look from the bored barista.

Mike's gut rebelled at the appalling sight. His book didn't deserve the savage treatment. He did. Then his brain caught up to the significance of her gesture. He hung in limbo between resenting her violent gesture and fearing to hope.

She ripped the pages in half, then in half again. And again...

Finally satisfied with the shredding, she said, "I'll never visualize you as a rotten onion or maggoty dog turds. You hear me?" The torn pages joined his pile of crumbs. "Good bye, Mike, let's try to..." she choked up, did not finish it, turned on her heels and was gone.

never He always did like how purposefully she moved, and how fast. Always, but not today. What did she mean to say? Stay in touch? Pah!

Mike brought his paper cup to the counter. "Could I get a refill, please?"

Fresh coffee tasted bitter, the perfect taste to cleanse his palate.





28. #Transcanada, March 2018


Say something, I'm giving up on you... started in Daya's head again. Again she pushed it away, like she pushed all other songs away. Her car's radio was off, something she had never done in her entire life.

Say something, I'm giving up on you... Instead of music, she rolled the windows down, letting in frigid air and the noise of Transcanada Highway. She wanted to do the entire drive from Calgary to Toronto in silence.

The longer she watched the fields of Alberta, then Saskatchewan, then Manitoba roll on to the gray horizon, the harder it became. Black soil showed in stripes where the prairie wind blew away the snow. The rotting stubble of harvested wheat peeked through. Coyotes dashed out of sight. Black crows took off barren aspens around frozen sloughs. Dreary did not start to describe it.

Last time she drove Transcanada on her journey West, she was preoccupied with paperwork and the logistics of her move and her quest for freedom. Rental place this, university transfer that, what Calgary was like, when should she call mom and dad...

This time she was going to Shanti's place, with her degree certificate tacked in her skating bag and a resume, though the VITAL's program director did not gasp, " Oh, no, don't you even think of leaving!" when she had asked her for a reference.

Oh, no, don't you even think of leaving!" She already knew that the towns dotting Transcanada weren't rustic charmers with boutique shops and hotels. The staff in the motels sounded like they would greet her by name when she showed up, because there were so few customers in February.

Yet, she persevered in keeping herself from filling the boring trek with the music, and it wasn't just penance. She didn't want to substitute someone's songs for her own feelings.

Four days on the road had to be enough to cut through the brambles and understand what she felt.

The checklist of her failures bounced around the cold silence of Corolla's interior. And until she truly knew it, could tell it in her own words, instead of borrowing the sentences she snatched from others, she couldn't do better... or fail better, whatever the case might be.





Somewhere in Manitoba or Ontario, a day's drive away from Toronto, Daya stretched on the lumpy bed. She ignored the name of the place, but it had a ubiquitous CN rail service crew staying in and three sets of traffic lights.





The Wi-Fi lagged, and the room had an unpleasant smell of heated dust and something unwashed. Her body was stiff from driving, no matter how long she stretched every night. Instinctive revulsion she felt at the sight of the bathroom prevented her from taking a shower.

She scrolled through the videos of her old practices to select the ones Pavel can forward to Belousova. The uploads went after a few Internet hick-ups. He replied in the blink of an eye with the text made up of three emotes and an exclamation mark.

Daya propped her chin on her fist and sighed. If it were Mike, it would have taken a while to hear back and read like a novel.

Gods, she missed Mike... and his phone was in her cell's phone book.

But she couldn't do better yet and she wouldn't accept failure where it came to Mike and her.





***

The first thing Daya did after dragging her packed-up life into Shanti's house was to take a shower so hot, it nearly boiled her skin off.

Next, she slept into the late morning and hopped on the train to go downtown.

Pavel waited for her at the Waterfront. He looked picture perfect in faded jeans and a beige suede jacket. The faux fur almost matched the color of his hair ruffled by the breeze from Lake Ontario. A bunch of carnations he held in his hands livened up his pastel palette with an infusion of pink, purple and red.



"Oh, you should not have." Daya took the flowers and sniffed. The flowers smelled fainter than the color had promised.

Pavel squinted at the cool sun. His grin showing even white teeth. "You're a lovely lady, Daya, but you're giving this to Irina Andrevna."

He wiggled a glossy gift bag. "And here is my tribute."

Daya glimpse a corner of a box with artisan tea blends. "Aha!"

"We're doing it the Russian way, okay?" Pavel offered her his arm, and switched to a businesslike tone. "She agreed to see us off the ice, talk to us. If she's happy... And why shouldn't she be? We're awesome! Anyhow, if she's happy, then we'll attach ourselves to a new arena in the Northwest. Will be a change for you after the pastures and pumping jacks, for sure."

"Calgary is a big city," Daya said defensively.

"Yeah." He stopped short for a second to peer happily into her face. "You surprised me when you said you're coming. I thought you'd planted roots with the cowboys out there. Everything's okay, no?"

"It's... not bad." She dipped her nose into carnations again. Even if it was faint, the smell was sweet. "But I realized that I wouldn't survive if I didn't try again. Until I'd exhausted every chance."

And that's why her not bad from before meeting Mike was a different animal than the not bad of this windy morning.

not bad not bad "Cool," Pavel said. "I knew you're my kind of people."

Her head spun a little. Part of it was the drive and the time difference. But also, she couldn't yet believe that she was breathing in Toronto's air again. That she was about to try out for pairs with a famous coach. With a partner she'd trained with for a couple of hours.

It was crazy. It felt as too good to be true as the man by her side.

At first, she used the flowers like a shield to ward off any critical glances from strangers, then lowered the carnations and put on a glamorous smile instead. Might as well get started on the chemistry, if they were to impress Russian grande dame.

Pavel seemed oblivious to her doubts. "Hey, how's the lutz?"

"Believe it or not, it stabilizes in the last week. Let's hope I did not lose it with the drive and all."

A corner of his mouth curled upward. "No way. It's rock solid. Believe it."

She had no idea if he was being sarcastic or sincere.

***

The club where Belousova was meeting them had two white boards in the lobby with the medal count in the Olympics. The handwriting and the markers' colors changed from day to day, creating the impression that the staff were racing one another to add the medals to the count.

Daya chuckled as she imagined the excited monitors fighting over the markers. The size of the venue no longer intimidated her. The upcoming meeting with Belousova no longer intimidated her. She stopped being sick with envy from thinking how the others had succeeded where she had failed. Well, almost.

The half-forgotten feeling that home was where the ice never melted, came back to her.

"Gym 3," Pavel told her, after checking his cell, and disappeared into the man's locker room.

The scoundrel knew what he was doing when he designated her as the flower girl and chose the more manageable baggie for himself. Luckily, all she had to do was to swap her shoes and lock up the change of clothes for later.

***

Daya was used to being smaller than most women, let alone men. Belousova might have been a touch taller than her, but age shrunk her... shrunk, not bent. That posture was drilled in by years of unwavering dedication. Her hair curled up neatly over a wide forehead and her eyes... Daya didn't have time to search for the right word. They fixed on her, held her in place, drew her into their pale depths, then let her go.



"Thank you for seeing us, Irina Andrevna," she said, focusing on saying the name the same way Pavel did. She extended the carnations, glad to be rid of them.

"That's lovely, thank you." The older woman put the pink and purple bunch to the side without a moment's hesitation.

Pavel's tea didn't fare any better, but he threw Daya a secret smile, as in we did the right thing, fear not .

we did the right thing, fear not Belousova clapped her hands together, calling them to attention. "Right. I've just watched your videos again. You both have flaws. Or had them a few years ago in Daya's case."

Daya relaxed her shoulders and didn't argue. It had been a few years since she skated pairs. She made mistakes. Everyone did.

She was more surprised that Pavel kept his mouth shut. He beamed as if the coach was singing him praises. Gosh, could he be any more transparent in his grovelling?

Gosh, could he be any more transparent in his grovelling? Belousova seemed to be satisfied by their silence. "I can correct some of the problems I've seen. A good choreographer can make others appear as advantages. But you need to show me why we should jump out of our skins for you two. Warm up, and let me take a look at you together."

Jogging, jumping, stretching at the barre — through all the familiar motions, despite being irked by Pavel's attitude earlier, his physical aura was matching hers. Contact with him charged her up, making things easier. Stretching, dancing, simply standing next to him was like having a bit of gravity canceled, a bit of fatigue alleviated.

"Show me the lifts from ground up... hold here..." etc, etc, etc Belousova went.

Daya's first training with Pavel was haphazard and full of surprises. There was no mistaking this audition for discovery play. It was work done with leaving nothing in the tank.

But she was doing this willingly, without looking at the clock or groaning, even mentally. Do or die, die but do. And she picked up any slack she felt in the line of her body, add another tenth of an inch to extension, because it might sound invisible but it wasn't.

Do or die, die but do. "I've seen enough, thank you." It was impossible to tell Belousova's thoughts from her expression.

Daya discreetly peeled sweaty tee shirt from her back, but it clung right back.

"Thank you," Pavel was repeating in the meantime.

"I must make some phone calls first," Belousova said after he probed for feedback. "But before you go, tell me what are you looking for in a coach?"

Pavel grinned like he'd got news that global poverty and environmental crisis had been just resolved. "Irina Andrevna! This, right here, is what I dream about. Nasha shkola, yes?"

Nasha shkola, He glanced at her for confirmation, but Daya did not understand what he'd just said. She started smiling to support him a bit too late. The chance of Belousova not declaring her slow on the uptake was slim. Darn.

Darn. It was okay, though, because Belousova wasn't buying Pavel's lines anyway. She rounded at him. "If you wanted 'nashu' school, you'd be still skating in St. Petersburg, like I'd told Tata. Then again, Pasha So RO kin would have been out on his ass five years ago, while Pavel Soro KIN gets another chance. So what does an old woman like me know."

RO KIN The way Belousova overemphasized the pronunciation of Pavel's last name, first one way, and then—the other, Daya figured there was some unpleasant undercurrent going on. She instinctively gripped her would-be-partner hand.

If his smile faded, it wasn't by much. "And you're right, Irina Andrevna, absolutely right. Both then and now. But I would do anything to catch up."

anything

"Hmm," Belousova said, looking mollified. "What about you, Daya?"

Again, she was caught off guard. "Ah, do you mean what I want in a coach?"

I Belousova expelled a sigh imbued with infinite patience. "Yes, you. And that was my question."

was Daya bit her lip, the memory of Brighton yelling, Beat her, you can beat her! You go, girl! to someone else playing in her head.

Beat her, you can beat her! You go, girl! She stopped stuttering. She straightened up her already arrow-straight back. She looked full into Belousova's face. "I want my coach to never cheer for someone else to beat me."

Belousova treated her to a full blast of the soul-penetrating gaze. It glued her to the spot, yet after she got over the fright, it had a focusing effect on her brain.

She felt all the distractions, like the sound of Pavel breathing down her neck, fall away. Her goal was clear—skate like she had never skated before every time she went on the ice. To hell with everything else. And... Mike? Not now, not now.

And... Mike? Not now, not now. She didn't think she could take this telepathic pep talk often, but once in a while it would be cool.

Apparently, Belousova decided that she had had enough of the eye contact, and released her from the clasps of the gaze abruptly. "Fair enough. Don't give me a reason to cheer for someone else too often."

Daya swallowed and nodded.

"We won't," Pavel chimed in, taking the scene in with the enthusiasm of a boy half his age looking at the Christmas gifts. He kept projecting his charming smile, and to her disbelief, Belousova's lips twitched in response. It was a tiny movement, but it was a win. Well done, partner.

Well done, partner. Daya didn't want to push their luck though, so she took Pavel's elbow and edged him out of the gym. "What was that about your name?"

"Oh, no big deal. My last name? Means magpie in Russian. It's common and stuff. The way they anglicize it though... makes it sound foreign, romantic. Eh, never mind. It's totally lost in translation."

Daya snorted. "Okay, yes, it is. But why did she do that to you?"

Pavel smiled with half his mouth. "You know how I say I'd do everything to win? Well, I lie. There was one thing I didn't do."

"Stayed in Russia?"

"Wasn't my choice, really. I was thirteen when mom packed the family up. Or, rather, when the immigration people finally let her. She was obsessed with leaving for as long as I lived."

"And Belousova knows this how?"

He winked at her. "KGB."

"Oh, wow, long reach..." To herself she figured they had a family connection or that the skating world was small—something far less threatening than the hand of the secret police.

She could not see why she should probe though, and anyway, Pavel perked up like a plant with drooping leaves after watering. He got out his phone, and his fingers flew over the buttons.

There's the name of the dancing studio he was taking his classes at, texted, join in, it's decent.

There's the name of the dancing studio he was taking his classes at, texted, join in, it's decent. What time she wanted to meet up for the gym tomorrow, and... on the calendar.

What time she wanted to meet up for the gym tomorrow, and... on the calendar. Did she get any gigs going yet? Try calling this guy... texted.

Did she get any gigs going yet? Try calling this guy... texted. She didn't have to worry. They got Belousova, sure thing, high five, cy!

She didn't have to worry. They got Belousova, sure thing, high five, cy! "See you..." she repeated after Mr. Wishful Thinking. He was so convinced of success it made her heartsick. If they failed to convince the stern-eyed coach, could this bundle of joy handle it? His resilience and self-confidence reached stratosphere from her viewpoint on the ground, but appearances could be deceiving.

But if they did succeed... wow. She would give him the run for his money in the grinning department. Pavel was right about Belousova. The reputation was not a myth, or undeserved, no matter what people said. During the session, her eyes were always in the right place, her hand corrected minuscule things that cascaded up and up to a different tier of performance.

Reaching for perfection was also exhausting. Without Pavel's monstrous energy to feed off, the post-workout exertion caught up. She leaned against the wall, scrolling through the flurry of texts.

Shanti, Pavel, Pavel, Pavel, oh! More Pavel. There's half-empty public sk8 @ TSWA, wanna come?

There's half-empty public sk8 @ TSWA, wanna come? Mikes' texts sat at the bottom of the log. She did not want to read them, adding heartache on top of the aching muscles. What she wanted was to be hiding her face in the ribbed fabric of his sweater, inhaling the warmth. The daydream was so nice that she had to massage her trembling legs before walking again.

She looked again at Mike's name on the screen and tossed the phone to the bottom of her bag before the temptation overwhelmed her. She'd have to lock the cell away in the car overnight against the insomniac's fever.

Until she untangled the wires and cut the right one, love would explode in her face.

Chin up, she commanded herself, Belousova is a sure thing. Pavel and I are the new pair being born, and we'll show them up. I'll do better this time. I can do better.

Chin up, Belousova is a sure thing. Pavel and I are the new pair being born, and we'll show them up. I'll do better this time. I can do better.





29. #Late, February 2018


Mike crawled out of the couch's embrace. His knees cracked, his back and neck threatened to never move again. The game controller fell to the floor, but he didn't stoop to pick it up. I'll never do this again for as long as I shall live.

I'll never do this again for as long as I shall live. He was a tin man without lube and without heart, rusting away deep in the forest. That's what a night of killing and mutilating teens does to someone on the wrong side of twenty-five. A wince crept on his face: he was not winning at it exactly. The kids had better reflexes, better gear, and garbage mouths. Old age and treachery could only go so far to counter that.

Never again.

Never again. If he had the energy, he could have showered and dressed in time for work, but he was so drained that he just bumped into furniture crossing from room to room, picking things up, dropping them, forgetting what he was up to.

The thought of pulling the sweater off and confronting the bloat dropped him onto his bed for a good five minutes, exhausted. He squeezed his dry, overstrained eyes shut, counting to ten. He'll live. He won't enjoy it for the next little while, but he'll live.





About the only productive task he had accomplished was brushing his teeth.

***

Carol intercepted him at the entrance to the library. "You're fifteen minutes late, Michael. And it wasn't because you spent too much time on making yourself presentable."





Mike dug his fingernails into the unshaven cheek. "I'm sorry. Daya's left. It won't happen again."

Carol slipped into the commander-in-chief mode. "You're on the sorting duty today. Find Alyssa in the dungeon, send her upstairs. I wanted to train her to man the front desk regardless. Unless you're here to ask for personal time off?"

Mike shook his head mournfully. "No point. She's left left. To Ontario. I don't have the address, and she won't reply to my texts."

left "Well." Carol knitted her brows together. "Sorting duty it is. And quickly, quickly, before the visitors decide I run a funeral home, not a public library."

"Thank you. I'll be all right tomorrow."

Carol harrumphed. "We'll see. Off with you. I'll call Alyssa to warn her to expect a fellow employee before she sees your mine and dials 911."

Mike managed a chuckle. The mirror didn't flatter him, but it didn't reflect a dangerous reprobate back at him either. Just a worn visage with sad bags under reddened eyes, exactly what you would expect after a sleepless night. "You have my word, Carol. I'll be on time tomorrow and presentable."

The staff nicknamed the sub-level where the books dropped down from the return shoots a dungeon for obvious reasons. It was also where they brought in the books trucked in from the other library branches. The job was to sort through the piles, place the books on the carts to go back on the shelves, or into the color-coded plastic crates for return to their home branches.

If one didn't mind the absence of windows—and Mike didn't want windows with their bright light and the view of Daya's Hill—the dungeon was the coziest place in the building, dry and warm, with the calming buzz of the halogen lamps overhead and books, books everywhere. They spilled from the shoot's apron, peeked out of their crates, and shifted precariously whenever one moved a filled cart.

In the middle of this organized and beautiful chaos, Mike found a bony maiden. She had one sandy strand pinned with a stubby pencil. The rest of them ran wild from under a moss-green velvet headband and onto a fitted top with a Death Note character. She was checking off the slips on the holds against the list with another pencil. The third one was sticking out of the back pocket of her crushed velvet skirt.



"Alyssa? Hey! I'm Mike. I'm swapping the shift with you."

"Nice to meet you." She pushed the list and the pencil into his hands. The accent was Québécois. "Those crates are next, and thanks for rescuing me from the dungeon. Not my favorite shift, ouch, so empty here, no people. Do you want me to come help later if it's quiet upstairs? No? You aren't sick, are you? Because if you're sick, you should go home, forcing yourself to go to work sick, it's the worst thing you could do. The body demands rest and recuperation."

"I'm fine," Mike inserted into a minuscule pause. "Just had a bad night's sleep." And got wrecked by some kids from Singapore.

And got wrecked by some kids from Singapore. "Did you try lavender or marjoram oil on your pillow? It's amazing, and completely natural."

A testy reply hung on the tip of his tongue—about lotus seeds and strong alcohol being what he needed far more than lavender—but he forced himself to smile. It wasn't her fault that Daya had left... "Thanks for the tip, Alyssa. You better go before Carol loses her patience."

***

Given the astronomical calorie count in Doritos alone that he had consumed the night before, Mike felt resentful when his stomach growled at lunchtime: he was already moving at half-speed, so getting hazy because he didn't have Daya to pack his lunch would be just the perfect conclusion to this marvelous day.

To add insult to injury, he did not remember how the things he had craved so badly tasted.

Oh, he knew perfectly well how they tasted.

knew The red flavor ignited the mouth and nostrils that inhaled it. The saltiness balanced precariously on the tightrope, but did not tip over to the pit of the unpleasant. The crunch — and he would argue to death that the dry crunch of chips was a flavor—energized the palate. He missed this crunch the most during the fast-food prohibition, and no carrot ever came close.

But he knew it all from his previous experiences.

Last night, his lips, his tongue, his nose went all numb. It could have been some post apocalyptic machine grinding through food, not his mouth for all it did for him. There was no pleasure in it, no comfort, nothing, nothing...

He wished he could at least feel guilty... but no, nothing.

"You're a pathetic fat idiot in love with the wrong girl," he told himself. And his inner self shrugged shoulders in an apathetic, so what? This miracle of self-acceptance did not empower him.

so what? The only thing he wanted was to curl on top of the books like the mighty book wyrm he was, and snooze.

wyrm Instead, he left the dungeon, stared in a masochistic stupor at Daya's favorite hill out of the library's floor-to-ceiling window: it looked deserted. You and I, bud, you and I. He sighed and made a beeline for the vending machine.

You and I, bud, you and I. The small bags of chips behind the glass caused him to groan inwardly, and he had no use for the styrofoam in syrup aka health bars. Finally, he got a bag of sour gummy frogs, in acidic colors. The wrapper promised they would blast the eyeballs right out of his skull, which, if true, should complete his transformation to a zombie.

The hand of fate so had it that the candy machines stood between the viewing windows onto the ice rink. Don't look, Mike ordered himself... and looked.

Don't look, It was public skate time, the stay-at-home moms' special. The rink was full of toddlers zipping around with more speed than control. Packed into snow pants and jackets, the brats bounced off the boards and plunged helmet first into the lightning-fast slides across the arena.



Kids didn't hold Mike's attention. Among all the small fry and moms, he spotted two teens who should have been in school, and weren't.

The gal was leggy and had a bouncy pony-tail. She brought along a skinny whip of a boy. Mike could not see his skates from his perch, but he figured they were much like Daya's. He wore the same Skate Canada zipped top that Daya had in her Black and Zipped collection, and moved... well, if not exactly like her, taking off with every stride, but sort of like her.

Black and Zipped He kept his hand wrapped around the Pony-Tail's waistline, making sure she moved along. While cautious, she did not trip every second like someone Mike saw in the mirror.

Satisfied that his girl was moving under her own power, the boy cut around her in circles, eyes on the target. She laughed, and he swirled her. A few more loops around the arena, and the young couple ended up closer to the milling middle of the rink.

Once there, the Pony Tail took on the role of a beacon, while the boy showed off.

Mike recognized the sitting spin Daya did, though in his esteemed opinion it lacked speed. Probably sufficiently warmed up by then, the kid repeated the same jump a few times. A double flip, maybe, but he wouldn't have staked his money on it. He might have appreciated the display more than the Pony Tail. But the kid was wiser than his years suggested, so he gave it a rest, and pulled the girl along into another breathless spin.

Mike sighed: he was cheering for a kid half his age who got things right, but ouch, was he once a millstone around Daya's neck when they had gone skating together.

"Oh, those are crazy good!" said a happy voice behind him.

Mike turned and squinted in panic, trying to remember the name of the new girl. "Yes, they're fun, ah... Alice."

"Alyssa, rhymes with Liza, not lice," the girl corrected, and went on, "life's short, eat dessert first, yes? I get it, it is such an important thing to listen to the signals your body sends you. Like there are weeks when I am completely going raw vegan, and I want nothing else. And then one day all I want is... fried liver..."

With all the agility of a snail caught in amber, Mike realized that Alyssa's speech concerned his sour frogs, rather than Romeo on the ice. He crinkled the sealed bag in his hand and crab-walked around the viewing bench to shield the arena from Alyssa. They shared the workplace, and she caught him doing candy for lunch like a freshman. Fine... But the young lovers, the skating blues, let alone that he was sweet on a girl who dumped him, those were his secrets to guard as jealously as it pleased him.

"Do you want the candy?" He extended the frogs. "I don't think I shall eat it."

"Oh, no, no, I didn't mean to..." She waved her arms in the air as if his words were horseflies. Her cheeks colored pink, from the exertion of denial or the embarrassment of the conversation taking a turn she did not want, he could not say. "You enjoy your lunch, Mike, and I already had mine, panini in Jugo Juice, it's really, really good."

Mike tossed the bag into the waist-high plastic trash can. With a thud, the very best in the artificial flavorings and colorants went down the hole. For once in his life, he hit his mark. "Nah. It will just spoil my appetite for dinner."

"What's for dinner?" Alyssa said without missing a beat, the pink still blooming on her face.

A lone guy's bolognaise, he wanted to say. "Bolognaise."

A lone guy's bolognaise, "That sounds nice! What do you put in it?"

"Celery," Mike said. "Lots and lots of celery."

Alyssa stared at him in bewilderment. "Is it a veggie version? Are you a vegetarian then?"

Mike started to laugh. "No, no, I eat meat. Don't worry about it, just a personal quirk." How many people craved a vegetable because it reminded them of their lover?

***

The vegetables had fewer problems surviving abandonment than he did. They were as crisp as the day Daya's hand had placed them in his fridge.

For a few minutes, he did the thing that used to drive his mother mad, hanging on to the fridge door, looking inside. Then he breathed out and took the plunge: letting the produce rot would not bring Daya back. Would anything?

Would anything? One by one he extracted carrots, celery, and the mushrooms from the cold depths and tossed them in the sink.

On the stove, bacon and onions crackled merrily, perfuming the apartment with the smoky umami scent. He licked off whatever was sticking to the mixing spoon. Ground beef and lamb joined in, along with pepper and cumin. At that point, he wished he could just eat it with his spoon, but he endured the hunger pangs for the sake of long-term gain.

Some veggies, some cans of diced tomatoes—and the sauce came together. He left it bubbling next to the cutting board with chopped basil and parsley waiting for their turn... and faced two hours of waiting.

There was nothing for it. Now was as good as ever. He plucked the books from the over-inflated mountain of the empty chips bags. The infernal things spread out, dusting everything with orange powder and yellow crumbs. He knelt by the coffee table, packing the garbage into the trash can, sprayed, wiped and vacuumed the debacle away with the dedication of an android.

When the glass top shined, and half the basil got mixed into the sauce, Mike dragged the table to the spare bedroom.

He brought the LEGO tub over, but after setting the base, he just sat on the floor, letting the plastic pieces ran through his fingers. The smell of cinnamon and flowers lingered in the room. It should have been overpowered by the fried onions, but his nose picked it, or his mind imagined it. Either way, it lingered. Daya lingered.

Daya lingered. The timer buzzed, turning his thoughts back to food. The lone guy's Bolognaise—it was just like bolognaise, only it lasted a week. Or, in his case, two days.

No, it would last a week, he promised himself after he had returned to the kitchen and ladled two cups of the meat sauce over spinach. Two cups exactly... over spinach.

Using the weeds instead of pasta felt like a betrayal of the proud Danioni bloodline. It pleased him, for even petty vengeance was still vengeance. What was it that his mother had told him? That it would not work out between Daya and him because of the drastic differences in their lifestyle? Well, duh.

Well, duh. He took a sip of the red wine he cooked with. It would please mother that she was right... and he would chew spinach instead of rigatoni.

A ziplock baggie with torn paper still sat in the middle of the counter. He picked it up, then replaced it. It didn't belong in the trash, or at least he hoped so. It was a promise, Daya's promise to figure things out... and his as well.

I'll make it work. I don't know how yet, besides eating spinach, but I will.

I'll make it work. I don't know how yet, besides eating spinach, but I will.





30. #ALaRusse, March 2018


A red ball bumped Daya on the nose, but, luckily, the touchdown was feather light. "I'm sorry, my dears." She had totally missed what the cold-fusion powered twins were yelling at her before the ball had gotten her attention.

Pausing a recording of a dance routine every time Pavel curled up his fingers made her a touch absent-minded.

"Shush, Auntie Daya is working." Shanti gathered the kids to her.

"She's sitting in the chair!" Rajni pointed out, ducking away from her mom. She chased the ball to the corner of the living room and passed it to Veer, while Shanti flailed her arms ineffectually. Veer, with his tongue between his teeth, caught the thing out of the air.

Daya stretched up in the chair. "I think you should sign them up for basketball."

"Maybe in May. But no ball games upstairs!" Shanti wagged her finger.

"Give me that before you hurt yourself." Daya crooked her finger at Veer and was rewarded with a pass. "No more work! Let's go downstairs and have some fun!"

The twins pounded down the stairs in an avalanche of feet, hands and flying shoes. The whoops of delight resonated from the basement playroom.

"Are you sure you can take my little turbo-jets on? You look tired."

Daya grinned. "It's good for me. I'm going crazy waiting on Her Majesty Belousova to give us her yay or nay . Plus, the little ones are like Pavel-training simulator. Gods, the guy has a second wind, and the fifth, and the hundredth..."

yay nay Shanti's brow creased. "You talk a lot about him..."

Daya was sure she was about to ask about Mike, but two impish faces popped around the door, one atop another, two pairs of eyes alive with mischief. "Auntie Daya!" the twins chorused.

"I'm coming!"

The little feet thundered back down.

Shanti sighed. "Ten to twenty more times up and down that staircase, and maybe, just maybe, they will get tired enough to fall asleep without giggling for half the night. I should probably put them in separate rooms, but I don't have the heart... they're twins."

maybe, And you don't have a spare bedroom, thanks to me.

And you don't have a spare bedroom, thanks to me. "Do what feels right," Daya said. "And, heck, I might fall asleep after this too. I need it."

"How're you holding up, sis?" Shanti threw a quick glance down the stairs, but the concerned frown returned to her face. "I heard you sobbing the other night."

"I want to call Mike every night. I decide against it every morning. What will I tell him? Everything is peachy, I'm waiting on gods know what?"

A heavy sigh escaped her lips before she spelled out for Shanti the imaginary conversation she held in her head with Mike a million times already. "Then he'll talk in that soft voice of his about how it's fine to be content... and I can't afford to be content right now. I can't jump into the car and drive all the way back after walking out like a mad dog bit me."

Shanti lowered herself into the chair that Daya had just vacated and placed her chin on the steepled fingers. "You never told me what had happened between you. Whose fault was it that you rushed back to Ontario?"

"Mine," Daya said without a moment's hesitation.

Her sister smiled a secret, knowing smile. "It's on him then."

"Shanti! Please, just believe me. Your baby sister can screw up. I lashed out at a nice guy, and... and... destroyed it all. Then I barged into your life with my problems... I'm a horrible, selfish person."



"We all are, but at least you recognize it." It hurt a little that Shanti didn't fervently deny her self-flagellation.

"Call him, Daya. When you're ready, obviously, but these things, they slip away from you. And I'd never heard you cry over a guy before."

"I'll call him." She knew how the things you wanted slipped away... "I'll call him after I had fixed myself."

With that promise, she dashed downstairs.

The red ball flew into her hands the moment her bare feet touched the bottom step. The twins jumped around her, reaching for it. She lifted the ball up, teasing them, before tossing it across the cozy room strewn with stuffed animals. They darted after, squealing with glee.

Her cell phone beeped in the pocket sewn onto the belt of her pants. She dug it out to see thumbs up smiley from Pavel. Immediately followed by the acceptance text from Belousova. Followed by a fee estimate that made Daya grab the wall. Hopefully that was half-and-half with Pavel, not just her share. Either way, she must find another gig to pay her way, but darn it! It was happening! Her moping was over.

She bounded back up the stairs faster than the kids, two or three steps at a time, thrusting the phone up in the air.

"Shanti, Shanti, the game's on!"

Shanti wrapped Daya in a hug. "Well, well. Now you have news to share with Mike."

Call him, hung in the air, unsaid.

Call him, ***

There are magical skaters that even the experienced eye would have trouble picking in a practice group. Their talent is at rest until the rink is theirs.

Pavel didn't belong in that category.

Whenever he went on the ice, his internal combustion went into overdrive, threatening to go up like a flair. Every new student joining Belousova's growing group got sucked into his orbit, even while Daya and him simply skated hand in hand, laying down the basics of their partnership.

That made a lot of things easier, since Daya knew from the first moment where Pavel was, his aura palpable. But it wasn't all good... Pavel was fast, and Daya's focus narrowed down to this one thing, matching the aggressiveness with which he threw himself on the ice, rather than bringing him down a notch. She no longer stayed up, but fell asleep exhausted to dream in bright splotches of motion.

Belousova watched them from the boards with her lips pursed in a thoughtful line. The gray eyes followed Daya for a while, then stopped on her face.

Drawn in by their nearly magnetic pull, she released Pavel's hand and cut to a stop in front of the coach. Pavel flew up, twisting his blades to a dead stop an inch behind her shoulder. The snow from his blades showered her ankles.

Belousova's brow quirked. The motion was barely there, but Daya had noticed it a few times. Maybe the outwardly stern woman was not without a sense of humor. "I'm satisfied that you skate safe together. But what I see is two skaters skating with one another. What I don't see is a skating pair. You have one more week. Then I decide if we're putting you into regional qualifiers this season, or if we need it to prepare you properly."

"Irina Andrevna—" Pavel started, tilting his head, enclosing Daya's shoulders in a hug, squeezing it a little with her fingers. His powerful heart was still pushing blood with a relentless beat of a steel mill against her back. She guessed that a grin of particular magnificence bloomed overhead.

"No," Belousova said flatly. "No, SoroKIN, you will not get into this fall's Challenge on byes. It's not my custom to call in favors, no matter what they say. You'll work your way in from the ground up, and earn the minimum score before this July. If you have to skate in a barn before three chickens and a cat, you'll do that. Or you do it later, and it will be the next season for the Challenge and your first crack at the Nationals. Understood?"

Pavel's chest rose and fell a few times. "I respect your integrity more than anything else in the world."

"Good." Belousova clapped her hands. "Take five to bring down that color in Sorokin's face, then the next 45 minutes goes into side by side individual elements."

Pavel's hand on her shoulder guided Daya to the bench. "Daya, I want to be in contention for the Nationals this season, with a shot at Team Canada. Do you?"

She nodded, and bent to wipe the snow off her blade. "I think so."

"Then I need your full attention on me. All of it."

"I know. I'm getting there." Her voice sounded weak even to her. She took a deep breath in, leaned her head sideways until she held Pavel's eyes. "I want to compete as much as you do. Maybe more than you, because I left something important behind for this chance. And gods know, I love being on the ice with you. You're challenging and exciting, and your energy blasts the stars out of the sky. I'm fighting what stands between us and the Challenge."

Pavel rubbed her back, blew out a sigh, then pushed up on his feet. His shoulders rolled back and relaxed that tiny fraction needed to change his posture from excellent to cocky. He offered his hand. "On your feet, soldier."

She put on a glamorous smile and inserted her palm into his. "You honor me, Sir."

"One week, Daya." He pulled her up to her feet.

She leaned back, giving him a smoldering stare. "One week, Pavel. That's our first challenge, to convince Belousova."

He gave her a lopsided grin. "Now you're talking!"

She tugged his arm, bringing him nose to nose with her, getting a whiff of the watermelon gum. Surprise glinted in his light eyes. "And to win Belousova, you need to give me your full attention as well. Keep your speed in check, Flash."

you your "Oh, snap." The grin took over the other side of his face too, the eyes so bright it could serve as the streetlights. "Got it. Let's do it!"

She allowed herself a millisecond of softness, fantasising about texting Mike. If we get into the Challenge, that would be fixing things... definetely fixing.

If we get into the Challenge, that would be fixing things... definetely fixing.





31. #SweetOffering, April 2018


Mike knew Daya's texts by heart, but he re-read them anyway hoping for a hidden message. Belousova kept Daya on her toe picks; Dhawan/Sorokin entered a regional competition in June, some place in Ontario he didn't know; they were to select music and start working on their choreography next week.

None of it included him, except that she had reached out to him. The invisible string between them, thinner than spiderweb silk, tightened, then slacked again. Would a blushing smiley with a trio of ruby hearts have been better? Bad poetry? Should he text back about his thesis? So many questions...﻿

"Michael, I thought you were going to the gym on the break?" Carol phrased it as a question, but her narrowed eyes said, Stop sulking, get off your butt.

Stop sulking, get off your butt. "On my way, I was just throwing together a playlist for my run. They keep removing you-tube videos and I hate those snide messages about video being no longer available."

Carol peeked at his screen... and he didn't have the time to do anything about the folders he had dragged up from the obscurity before the app opened up. The list of references, bits and pieces of chapters, the drafts of the thesis proposal... a smile tugged at his boss' lip corner, but out loud she asked, "Taking along your best pal Hanyu?"

His running list was heavy on the Japanese skating maverick's videos, so he could have been growing attached. "If I have to cultivate an unrealistic body image, I'm going straight for the abstract ideal. It's a compensation for my years of not giving a fig."

Carol shook her head, sending the salt and pepper curls bouncing. "Michael, just go to the gym."

He did. While Yuzuru Hanyu flitted around from one corner of the small screen to another, landing back on the ice in an afterthought of each take off, Mike's heavy footfalls shook the treadmill. Must believe this is going somewhere. Oh, please. Going somewhere, on a treadmill? The stupidest thing, this.

Must believe this is going somewhere. Oh, please. Going somewhere, on a treadmill? The stupidest thing, this. And the alternatives were all in the same vein. Swim laps in the pool. Dance on one spot... or skate round and round the ice rink, like Daya must be doing right now in Ontario. His heart gave a painful lurch that had nothing to do with exercise.

This is going somewhere. It had to, to keep all those other people attached to heavy weights and never-ending locomotion.

This is going somewhere. His thesis could go somewhere too. While sifting through the materials, a busy work at first, it dawned at Mike that he could finish it now. Now that Daya had infected him with ambition, he could do it. Not that Daya would love a Doctor of Philosophy more than a librarian, but he could finish it if he returned to a university.

After 30 minutes of stomping down the treadmill into submission, his face looked so red, it clashed with his hair. He threw cold water onto it, fruitlessly. So, it was with this watermelon-tomato face that he had shown up back at work.

His coworkers still lingered at the lunch nook. He smiled at Alyssa, while edging his way to the fridge, to get his post-workout ambrosia. Low cal, no sugar, 38 grams of protein diluted in something vaguely resembling days old hot chocolate.

"Mike, there're some gluten-free chocolate chip cookies left," Alyssa called brightly, shoving the plate across the table. Some was too imprecise an estimate; he counted eight cookies. The absence of gluten didn't alter the appearance, though perhaps the goodies were paler than their full-bodied wheat equivalent. His first impulse was to stuff one into his mouth and... he swallowed air.

"Thank you, but I'm good." He brandished his sippy cup for the grown-ups playing the dress-up game. Look at me, I'm an athlete! Daya's yoga pants always looked like they belonged on her.

Look at me, I'm an athlete!

"Just one?" Alyssa tossed her natural curls over her naturally slim torso, clad in natural wool. The knitted outfit was stuck in an awkward place between a sweater dress and a sweater. It stopped mid-thigh of her black-legginged legs, barely letting a plaid skirt peek from underneath.

She tied the sweater up with a hemp belt and loaded her neck with a large buckle made of a dark alloy and amber. The same alloy made little cages for the amber beads in her ears. The overall effect was vaguely Celtic...

The baked offerings were also home-spun. It could have been an oatcake, it could have been an echo of centuries when breaking bread healed all wounds.

Mike licked his lips. Was it that bad to grab one cookie to just fit in, instead of slurping weird things in public? He could just take one bite, throw the rest away discreetly... The inner voice burst out laughing: in for a bite, in for the rest of the plate.

in for a bite, in for the rest of the plate. "Alyssa, Michael said no . Let's not mess with his food plan, he's been working hard on it." Carol stood by the doors of their tiny break room, exuding good will.

no Alyssa took it for suggestion, rather than command. "Chocolate has endorphins, they can cheer people up. The body, it naturally wants a bit of a reward, to be happy, and not frightened into hoarding the protective layers. Indulgence is what sends the signal that we're not in the middle of a freezing wasteland—"

"After you have a kid or two, come back and tell me all about the freezing wasteland, and how indulgences make us lose weight. Anyhow, I need someone to help with re-stacking." Carol looked straight at him.

"I'm game," Mike volunteered, avoiding eye contact with Alyssa. She was nodding at him during her endorphins speech, as if she had expected him to take her side.

her Carol hummed something until they were out of earshot of the lounge. "You could mention your girlfriend to Alyssa, without specifying her current whereabouts, Michael. A drama in the workplace is undesirable."

Mike stared owlishly, his brain trying to make connections between the diet war and his long-distance relationship. The realization finally cleared the congestion: Carol implied that Alyssa had romantic designs on him.

He didn't feel like playing coy by insisting that the notion was absurd. It had happened before. Some people had taste bad enough to like him. For all he knew, Alyssa was one of them. "Ah, thank you. I'll mention it."

Carol nodded and left him to the re-stacking.

***

The opportunity to clear the air with Alyssa presented itself at closing hour. He was herding the teens out of the study room to the exit; she stood ready to lock up for the night. The teens dragged their feet, as if the floor was strewn with bubble gum.

"Thanks for offering me the cookies," Mike started, keeping his eyes fixed on a teen magically packing a textbook, a laptop, a drawing pad and possibly a washer-and-dryer unit inside an average-sized backpack. He hoped his unwavering gaze kept the kid moving along, but he was probably just kidding himself. The teen had headphones over his ears, so his conversation with Alyssa was private.

He had an inkling that his smile changed from professional to strained-cheerful, and a little idiotic. Thankfully, this conversation would be over in a minute. "I didn't mean to come across as a party pooper. It's just my diet, you know. My girlfriend wants me to take better care of myself, so I'm trying not to disappoint her." Not the most elegant way to get the point across, but there, it was done.

"Oh." Alyssa tapped her fingers on the glass door. "Oh. I imagine, she's happy with your progress, because you look like you've lost a lot of weight since I've first met you. Your face is thinning out, and everything. You'll need to shop for clothes too, I think. It's getting baggy all over. That's one drawback of losing weight. I remember when my aunt was losing weight she went shopping every month. She enjoyed it a lot. But never threw away any bigger clothes. Just in case. Body wants what body wants."

As always with Alyssa, her thoughts came as a mixed bag, but Mike felt flattered. "Thank you. I didn't realize it was noticeable."

The scale told him he was fifteen pounds lighter, either from the mortification of the flesh or the pining, it was hard to tell which. He hadn't pined in a while, and he didn't remember it robbing him of appetite before. Before, no matter what he felt, food was the welcome relief.

Alyssa laughed, a gurgling sound, before giving him a conspiratorial wink. "Are you fishing for compliments? No way your girlfriend didn't notice!"

"She doesn't know yet, she... well, never mind," Mike replied sheepishly. "Maybe I'll send her a picture— Ah, sorry, I don't need to annoy you with my personal life."

"No worries! I like talking to people, it's the core of my being. I'm curious about people, I always want to know what's up with them. Even with the strangers on the bus, I imagine their stories... like what they need vs what they want." She studied him through narrowed eyes, her fingers still tapping the glass.

The backpacking teens were long gone. They didn't have to stand there, but with her studying him so closely, Mike felt it would be rude to leave. He cleared his throat, but she lifted her free hand in a give me a second here gesture.

give me a second here Alyssa finished her examination. "I think what you need is a cat."

"A cat," Mike parroted after her. Her leap of logic left him in the dust, a strange feeling. He was used to people staring at him after he had said something weird.

him he Alyssa's bony shoulders jerked upwards, a gesture she must have perfected over the years of explaining herself. "You always look a little sad. Or at least since I've met you. Not that I think there is a causality—"

"No, no," Mike hurried to assure her, now chaffing to wrap up the conversation. "It is not work-related at all. It's personal."

"I get it. The relationships are hard. So, that's why I was thinking about a cat. I volunteer at the SPCA, and I see the truth of the old poem all the time." She smiled dreamily and slipped into musical French:

"Les amoureuxfervents et les savants austères; Aimentégalement, dans leurmûresaison, les chats puissants et doux, orgueil de la maison, quicommeeuxsontfrileux et commeeuxsédentaires."

"Well, I hope I am not yet in my declining years," Mike joked, translating:

"Once their years are on the wane, a fiery lover and an ardent scholar both, oft seek out a mighty, gentle cat as much a fan of warmth and hearth, as they are."

"Close enough." Alyssa smiled, with that special warmth people greet someone they didn't expect to be fluent. In her eyes, he spoke her language in more ways than one, Mike thought with a tinge of guilt. If he wasn't hopelessly glued to Daya, he might have been game... He waved the thought away like smoke.

"It's Baudelaire," Alyssa said, interrupting his inner struggle. "I used to remember a lot more in the Uni, but it's been a while. You know how it is."

He might have been rusty, but not so corroded as to not pick up on her working in a hint of how close they were in age and experience. Smooth, very smooth.

Smooth, very smooth. "I thought it might have been Baudelaire," Mike started carefully. This conversation, it was not exactly going the way Carol had hoped, was it? A man loses fifteen pounds, finds French romantics... "Ah, if I want to adopt a pet, I know whom to call."

A man loses fifteen pounds, finds French romantics... "Ghost-busters," Alyssa chuckled.

He tried not to, but he could not resist returning a smile, albeit a guilty one. Alyssa was the product of the hallowed halls of liberal arts; he had met her a hundred times before; he had fallen for her in different guises before and she was kind to him.

But damn it, he did not want to bond. The only poetry that interested him was Daya's racing heartbeat.

"Good night, Alyssa." He walked away with the heavy steps of a man who had designed the skyscraper of his own misfortunes and lugged it on his back.





32. #FaceTheMusic, April 2018


Daya wasn't used to seeing Pavel relaxed. But there he was, leaning in his chair at a risky angle, his powerful legs splayed. To think of it, she rarely saw him at repose at all, even when stretching. She missed Mike's cheerful brand of idleness, especially when Pavel's fingers drummed a war march on the back of her chair.

"Irina Andrevna," he said. "I was hoping to skate to the City Golden for a while now. It's old as mountains, but I like it by whatever reason. No?"

City Golden Belousova shook her head. "Not this year, Sorokin. You can't skate to lyrics yet, even the foreign one. We're looking for neutral music, to get you the minimal scores. It'll make it easier to benchmark you against the other performers. No flashy costumes, no fighting famous singers for attention. All eyes must be on you skating clean. I want to hear people commenting how you connected to the music as the season progresses."

Pavel shrugged one shoulder. The drumming ceased. He gave up far sooner than Daya expected, so she darted a worried glance at his profile. He looked blissful with his head rolling back a little, soft eyes on the choreographer, a Quebecois of Jamaican descent going by Shanice. She was supple and said little so far, but Daya spotted provocative sparkles in her eyes whenever she pushed the coils of hair out of the way.

"Cinderella? Disney's?" Daya returned the conversation back to where it was before Pavel's interjection. Her mind painted a picture of twirling around in baby-blue to the cuts from Dreams come true and Bippitty-boppitty-boo while the other skaters tried edgy stuff in the post-Olympic year. "Isn't that... ah... young?"

Dreams come true Bippitty-boppitty-boo Seriously, they were entering as a new pair, not juniors. Even juniors often chose heavier music to show how sophisticated their performance was regardless of the commentators' gushing about their youth.

The two Russians stared at her in exasperation.

" Prokofiev's Cinderella, I presume," Pavel broke the silence.

Prokofiev's Belousova turned on the music clip.

Faster than Daya could say oops , Shanice started thinking with her voice and her hands. "There is joy and magic in the music cuts, yes. But, Daya, we don't have to do it all about joy and magic. No, we can interpret this piece of music as a Cinderella that has doubts not about herself, but what happiness is, and what role a prince may play in it."

oops She regretted not keeping her mouth shut when the women fixed their gazes on her.

Pavel called "Hey!" with a lopsided grin, then shrugged. "Okay, okay. I lift, she has her doubts up above me. I toss, and she flies away... we do a dramatic step sequence... I get the picture. As long as I don't have to drop on ice in despair at the end. I have a hard time with portraying despair."

"Despair isn't what the story demands," Shanice said smoothly. "Nor what the music demands. I'll lay the groundwork, it'll be good." And she still looked only at Daya as she spoke.

"And the music for the free skate?" Pavel asked.

"Why not Swan Lake..." Daya muttered under her breath. Inaudibly, she thought, but Belousova pinned her down with a heavy stare.

"That music can only be earned by years of excellence. Ideally, it should be the last thing you skate. Your swan song," Belousova said.

Daya cleared her throat, as Pavel's fingers gave a mighty flick to the back of her chair. Sheesh, don't break a nail there, partner.

Sheesh, don't break a nail there, partner. Belousova went on: "I want you to take on Romeo and Juliet."

This time Daya let the music piece play before saying anything. Also by Prokofiev, she thought, is that even allowed? "We better rent a corner in the ballet studio."

Also by Prokofiev, is that even allowed? "We have a bigger problem." Pavel ruffled his blond hair. "Me, a Romeo?"

"Oh, don't be silly. There are different phenotypes in Italy, ever heard of Titian beauties? They have red-gold hair--" She swallowed an unexpected constriction in her throat. She wasn't just missing Mike, she was quoting him.

Pavel patted her on the shoulder. "I was just kidding. The theme is fine, it had been fine for... what? Two hundred years?"

Daya choked up again. She should get a grip, because if she started falling apart every time someone mentioned anything remotely connected to history, Italy, libraries or whatever else that reminded her of Mike, she'd go crazy. But everything reminded her of Mike. She missed him terribly. She needed him here. And she didn't have him... and whose fault is that?

and whose fault is that? Shanice knitted her brows and asked Belousova if she wouldn't change her mind with selecting two pieces of music that were so close in style and feel.

Belousova seemed adamant. "It'll be easier on them. Range will have to wait."

"I can't believe that you gave up so easily," Daya told Pavel once they were out of earshot, setting up for their warm up.

He rubbed his forehead. "To tell you the truth, I figured Big B was right. The old warhorse music is good for now. We can make it mean whatever. Legs, upper body... that's drilled into us, learned finger by finger, toe by toe. Soul is a different matter."

Daya didn't expect a deep remark. She didn't have one of her own, so she chuckled. "Cheer up, it could have been worse. It could have been the Phantom of the Opera."

Pavel shuddered. "I know. And the moment she said no lyrics , I knew we dodged the worst."

no lyrics "The Hallelujah ?" Daya guessed.

Hallelujah Pavel closed his hands in a mock prayer gesture and lifted his eyes to the ceiling. "I've made this far without doing it. I pray nightly, and my piety paid off."

Daya gave him a nudge on the shoulder. "Come on... it's not that bad and the tourists like that stuff."

He shook his head with a tragic mine before turning off the act. "Well, we are all set, except for the costumes and their price tags..."

"As to that," Daya said, "I have a plan. But it involves you eating a large dinner."

He groaned, letting his upper body wilt over his narrow midsection.

She was merciless. "I didn't say it would be easy, just free."

Pavel squinted suspiciously. "How large a dinner?"

"At a guess? A week worth of your regular ones. Heaps of chicken, generous servings of cream and butter."

A long sigh escaped his lips. "Replace cream with sour cream, and it sounds like my nana's cooking. I can sacrifice my body in the name of reasonably priced fashion."

Oh, Pavel, you're a trusty fool. Daya beamed at him. Dollars to donuts, his nana did not hold a candle to Amrita Dhawan, or used a tithe of the spices.

Oh, Pavel, you're a trusty fool.





33. #SoulFood, April 2018


"To be crystal-clear," Pavel asked, brandishing another bunch of carnations in the air, while they waited for the elevator in her parent's apartment building. "You don't need me to present as your adoring boyfriend? I make a positive impression on the older ladies."

"Nope," Daya said. "Nothing like that. I need you to be you. A friend, a coworker, a like-minded artist, no embellishments."

The elevator dinged, and Pavel stepped in behind her. "But if all you want is to ask your brother to make our costumes, why do you need me to meet your parents?"

me "Because," Daya said, sliding her finger down the double column of buttons, looking for the correct floor. "You're there to guarantee that my mom doesn't do away with her two disappointing children. Let's just say Nihal's change of heart about his major wasn't popular. Me, showing appreciation for it..."

Pavel beamed. "Got it! A variation on the Project Convince Everyone Figure Skating Is Not a Waste of Time . Happens every New Year with my extended family."

Convince Everyone Figure Skating Is Not a Waste of Time "Pavel!"

The elevator's door opened up, and they spilled into the hallway.

"Pavel, please, just..."

He gave her his signature grin. "Leave it to the professionals."

With a growing sense of dread, Daya grabbed his sleeve, but her time had run out. Her mother peeked out of the condo, probably wondering why it was taking them so long to get from the lobby to the fifteenth floor.

"Mrs. Dhawan!" Pavel exclaimed, surging down the hall, the flowers momentarily obscuring Daya's line of sight to her mother's face. "I could smell the dinner from the lobby. I had never been hungrier in my life. You must tell me what this is, it's absolutely not the bland fare a guy gets in Moscow."

Her chest full of cold snakes, Daya muttered, "I thought you were from St. Petersburg..." to his jean-clad back.

He winked at her with one shoulder blade . Or at least she thought he meant it as a wink. If only your hands were that expressive...



shoulder blade If only your hands were that expressive...

Shanti made alarmed eyes from behind her mother's back, but the expression changed to dreamy once Pavel backed off from depositing the flowers for the gracious hostess into their mother's arms.

flowers for the gracious hostess I hope nobody dies tonight.

I hope nobody dies tonight. At first, nobody did.

On the pretense of having to learn about the fine art of Indian cooking, Pavel took the spot next to the eldest Dhawan, and Daya found herself squeezed between her siblings just like in their childhood. Back when they lived in the family house, the kids' bench ran one side of the table in the breakfast nook. There was a lot of elbowing and kicking going on under the tablecloth.

In her parents' new condo, they sat on separate chairs, but Daya gave Shanti's shins a little kick to revive the fond memories.

"Stop staring at him, please?" she hissed, once Shanti slanted her eyes her way.

"Gorgeous..." her sister mouthed, tripling the o in the first syllable.

o Daya rolled her eyes and piled Pavel's plate higher with the curried chickpeas. Technically, it was not his fault, but she didn't want to suffer alone.

"Thank you," Pavel roared enthusiastically, putting the food away like he hadn't seen a good meal in ages. Maybe he hadn't, but it was by choice, so not a single twinge of mercy stirred in her soul. Besides, he should put on some upper body weight.

Mike would have savored every bite. Her mother wouldn't have watched him eat with one cheek propped on her fist and a happy smile, like she did Pavel. But he would have been able to recite back the name of every morsel and spice half a year later if she woke him in the middle of the night. She'd like Pavel do that after five minutes!

Mike would have savored every bite. that

She half-emptied her water glass in one gulp. It wasn't Pavel's fault that she couldn't bring Mike home for Sunday night dinner. It wasn't Mike's fault either. While her fingers itched for her phone, deposited on the curved-legged table by the door on her mother's orders, she missed the opening line Pavel used to bring up their Great Matter.

Her only cue was that Nihal lifted his eyes and fixed them on Pavel. Now almost twenty, her brother was yet to outgrow the psychological effects of his childhood illness. He looked inward more than most young men and blended into background despite his gangly frame.

Until Pavel dropped the magic word. Costumes.

Costumes. Nihal stretched his neck and leaned forward with his elbows on the table.

Her mother frowned.

"Cinderella? Disney's Cinderella?" Nihal asked.

"Prokofiev's!" she exclaimed helpfully before Pavel opened his mouth. It made her feel like a teacher's pet.

Nihal knitted his brow. "So, a darker shade of blue then? With black?"

"Perfect," Pavel said, raising a brow at Daya, as in yes?

yes? She nodded, watching her parents out of the corner of her eye. Her dad kept eating, but the frown still creased her mother's forehead.

"It sounds good," she said cautiously.

Pavel didn't follow suit. He nodded vigorously, channeling so much excitement Daya expected it to ooze out of his pores and shine around him in a nimbus. "And anything but purple for Romeo and Juliet. Everyone goes purple for it, and it ages me ten years."

Nihal nodded thoughtfully. "It would with your alabaster complexion. Not all shades, but no matter; if you don't want purple.... How about scarlet red with black? That would flatter both you and Daya. Unless you want more black on you? Would be a pity, but it'll work."

There was nothing lopsided about Pavel's smile any more. He was showing a full-on glam version that he probably kept on the back-burner for the days of triumph.

"Red is fantastic. Nothing is more Russian than a red shirt with a collar torn open." He jumped up from his chair in theatrical agitation and jerked opened the collar of his demure white shirt. And, growing more jubilant, he paced... moved out of range of his newly full plate... The weasel!

The weasel! "Gold, you can put gold on me too, if you see fit. Nothing wrong with barbaric luxury, the conservative tastes be damned! We're going to shine! What do you think, Daya? A pair of shining golden pants?" He slapped his thigh for emphasis, not in a vulgar way, but enough to bring attention to what his fitted jeans were fitting to.

Good thing you don't touch a drop, Daya thought and giggled. "I'm sure they'll charge extra if you're dressed like a Byzantine Emperor, but let's stick with black pants. It shows off the lines."

Good thing you don't touch a drop, Pavel sighed dramatically. "All right, you win. Can you do this, Nihal? Can you make us shine?" His face flushed pink, and green eyes glistened with merriment. The energy radiated in waves, hitting the furthest corners of the room.

Her dad dropped his fork, examining the gathering with a bemused squint.

Nihal lit up, infected by Pavel's enthusiasm. Her brother hadn't read the invisible messages on the floor once since Pavel started speaking, Daya realized.

"Fear not," Nihal said lightly, "I'll make you so pretty, they won't want to look away. Skating bit is up to you."

Daya glanced triumphantly at her mom and dad, relating a telepathic message. Do you see what I see?

Do you see what I see?

They did, or at least her mom did, and her cup overflowed. "Darvesh... Darvesh, are you going to say something?"

Oi. Her mother's voice sounded sharp.

Oi. "Say something?" Darvesh Dhawan dabbed his mustache and beard with a napkin and tossed it on the table. "I advised Shanti not to rush into marriage, then not to rush out of it. I advised Daya to pick a major in science. I extolled the virtues of jobs in the electrical engineering field to Nihal for nearly a decade. And what did it get me? No, Amrita, I'm done filtering air with my mouth until I'm asked for advice. The world's changing. Kids are happy, I'm happy."

"Daddy..." Shanti murmured, and cradled a sweating glass of water between her hands.

"Well..." Amrita bit her lip.

"Well, Pavel, won't you sit down? Really, you two..." Daya and Nihal earned a stern gaze from Amrita. "You shouldn't have started the whole thing about the costumes and skating before our guest had finished his meal. He's frightfully thin already."

Her mom wasn't defeated in her quest to set them all up with decent jobs, Daya decided, just regrouping. Under the table she squeezed Nihal's narrow palm, and he squeezed hers back. It felt almost as good as if their mother wrapped them in a hug.

Meanwhile, Pavel alighted on his chair, beaming with gratitude that he had finally found the only woman in the universe who would not yank food out of his mouth. It was the right thing to do, but she wanted to strangle him anyway.

Mike would have— she drifted off to the fantasy world where Mike was with her at her family's table. It was a pleasant dream... but only a dream.

Mike would have— Here, on Earth, Pavel pontificated around a mouthful of curry. "Daya is brilliant, Mrs. Dhawan. "We will break into Nationals this year, that's a fact. And..."

Daya noticed that he didn't just swallow the food, but rolled his tongue over his teeth before bringing on another smile. "And there's always a demand for specialized athletic wear, like the skating outfits."

Daya shot him a warning look, but he had already stirred the conversation away, asking the difference between green and black cardamom, and how long the spices needed to be toasted to bring the flavour up like that, absolutely divine, no off the shelf paste could ever come close—

***

When Daya had finally extracted Pavel from Dhawan stronghold, she expected him to sprint for the elevator. Instead, he leaned against the wall by the elevator with a pained expression. "A moment... digestion vs gravity situation here."

"That's what you get for being such a people-pleaser. Pavel, really, it was too much."

He straightened up, puffing out air. "From where I'm sitting... or lying in a food coma communing with the whales... it worked. Everyone walked away from the family dinner table alive. The only thing screaming will be my bathroom scales tomorrow morning."

"Well, yes..."

"So it's not about me. Whatever eats you, let go of it, Daya, or you'll have ugly wrinkles."

She shook her head, and pushed the escape button, otherwise known as the elevator button. "No, it's about you. If you don't stop putting on fireworks displays and smoke screens, you'll end up in messed-up relationships."

"Hey, thanks for the concern and all that, but rest easy. I got the relationships covered. I fall for the wrong girls... the kind who are into a man's penthouses and fancy cars, not the finer workings of his soul."

And here I left the guy with a condo and a car like a fool. Granted, Mike's humble possessions wouldn't have made an impression on the fortune huntresses, but she felt like a fool anyhow. She shook the thoughts away, turning her attention back to Pavel who was in an expository mood.

And here I left the guy with a condo and a car like a fool. "Even if they wanted a pauper artist for a secret diversion, they are after guys who entertain at parties all night long, rather than have to be in bed by ten, and normally sweat over dietary restrictions." He threw his arms up in the air in a mock surrender. "See, I have it covered."

normally Daya got into the elevator. "Fine, fine... You lead a tragic life of self-sacrifice in the name of art. Just... if you meet someone who is into you for you, don't pull a cloth over their eyes."

Her captive audience stepped inside, then glanced nervously at the elevator's progress bar. "I'll worry about relationships when I'm old, like thirty or something. Until then, I'm one hundred percent committed to you."

"Right. Because you weren't flirting with my baby brother and my sister at all, Mr. Golden Pants."

and Pavel dashed through the sliding elevator's door into the lobby. "You can't stop the sun from shining, partner. Look at me."

He rotated on one spot, giving her the 360 view of his beautiful frame.

"I'm a tall, blond man who sunk his years in refining a useless skill set. If I cried my eyes out every time I needed or wanted something, do you think they would feel pity for me and give me things? I don't think so. So, I replace tears with smiles. The more I want stuff from someone, the wider I smile at them."

She punched him playfully on the shoulder. "I'll remember that, you devious manipulator."

"Meh," he said, "you're already doing everything I want from you, and more. That's why we're a team, and why we'll be in the Nationals."

She looked at him closely, and saw nothing except for the fervent conviction. "Thanks for having faith in me."

"Any time." He popped a stick of gum in his mouth, a citrus-flavored one this time, and winced at whatever feedback he was getting from his guts. "Hold on to that feeling when I breathe out on you tomorrow. The practice is going to be rough."





34. #Companion, May 2018


The public skate in VITAL lasted one hour fifteen minutes on Thursday nights.

In Mike's estimate, it was ten minutes too short for him to complete one full lap.

Clinging to the boards with his right hand, he pointed himself in the desired direction, set one skate straight, weight on the middle of the blade, no rolling on the outer edge... because the inner and outer edge really, really mattered in his case. Duh .

Duh The second skate glided back, as if driven by malicious intelligence. Well, Mike was one hundred percent certain he was not the one doing it. He could not glide on demand to save his life. He hugged the boards, stopping just short of kissing the glass shield. Just let me get to the closest gate, and I'll stop this farce, he prayed to Khione, the Greek goddess of snow. Surely, she managed ice as well or she ought to have been. Anyone on the ice needed a guardian deity.

he Just let me get to the closest gate, and I'll stop this farce, With a prayer, he hobbled to the nearest gate, ignoring the crowd passing him by, aged three to ninety-three. On the matted floor, he could walk in skates, if he was cautious of not rolling his weak ankle under. On the ice... not so much. What was he trying to prove?

He slumped on the bench, his knees falling to the sides in surrender and scrolled through his phone. Daya's texts look tired, missing punctuation and letters. She was exhausted, he could feel it, both physically and from trying to keep in touch with him. I miss you so much , she typed between the 3Lo this and Sp4 that.

I miss you so much Even when he looked up the ciphers to find out that BoDS stood for backward outside death spiral , he did not feel included in her life—he just didn't get figure skating.

backward outside death spiral That's how Daya must have felt when you were blathering on about Renaissance or Game of Thrones. He tossed his head back in exasperation, and it hit the wall.

That's how Daya must have felt when you were blathering on about Renaissance or Game of Thrones. His body struggled as much as his mind with the era of scarcity he put it through. Goodness gracious, but he was exhausted!

Twenty pounds down, twenty still to go according to some charlatan's calculator, and he was fumbling for the reasons to go through with it. What was he going to do with his feat of temperance? Send Daya the after picture? Witness his mother fall into a swoon?

after That last one might be worth it, but Daya? She grew up among the fit men. Smaller love handles did not hold a candle to whatever the heck the 3Lo this and Sp4 that was.

He forced the fingers of his free hand out of his hair. It must look like a total mess between the helmet and the pulling. Enough. Whom was he kidding? No number of pounds lost would bring Daya running back into his arms. Her warm compact body on his lap was a memory. Her scent in the spare bedroom would have disappeared long ago, if he didn't find the perfume she'd used in a moment of weakness.

Enough. She said I miss you; she'd never said, please come .

I miss you; please come If a magic potion turned him into a likeness of Yuzuru Hanyu right this moment, he would still be in the same place. A man who had blown his chance.

His thumbs flew over the buttons. "Alyssa, perhaps you're right, and I should acquire an ami de la science et de la volupté. A friend to science and to lust... a cat. Do you think there is a tabby out there with interest in archival science and digital storage, willing to put up with listening to thesis proposal drafts?"

ami de la science et de la volupté. A friend to science and to lust... The bubble popped up on the phone's screen while he was wiping dry the blades.

"Super!"

"I'm at the CHS tomorrow afternoon. Lemme know when you're coming."

***

CHS—the Calgary Humane Society—built its headquarters in such a far-flung area, that it might as well have been in the countryside. There were paved streets still, and the chain-link fences around the warehouses, so it was Calgary, but Mike's GPS directions grew frantic, forcing him to turn around in gravel-covered yards.



"The landscape here doesn't lend itself to the thoughts of cuddly critters," Mike told Alyssa when he had finally infiltrated the solitary two-story brown-brick building with huge lettering down the front. It spelled out the "Calgary Humane Society" for all those lost in the industrial park. Even less so, it lent itself to the thoughts of solitude and fleeting love.

"Oh, it's a wonderful location!" Alyssa enthused, leaning against the reception desk. "We have lots of green space to walk the dogs, and the floor space is great too. Well, come on in, I will take you to see the kittens."

"Wonderful..." Mike trotted behind her past the glass-walled room allocated to the dogs. She was chatting about the space, and the light and the kittens.

A shaggy black pooch with long ears, but a cropped tail sat in the middle of it. Hearing Alyssa's voice, it turned its long muzzle towards them. The liquid eyes under the brown brows followed Mike, unblinking. Involuntarily, he slowed down, and turned to look back at the dog.

"Hey, Toby," Alyssa said to the dog. It wagged its short stubby tail, squealing with excitement. "I'll come play with you in a few. Come on, Mike, that door over there."

"Ah, yes..."

She led him to a long room with the chest-high row of double-stacked cages. There was a cage with kittens in perpetual motion, gray and red tabbies, labeled half-feral rescue. A plump white and brown matron watched the world behind the bars with distaste. A skinny red tabby batted a ball around his cage. A black feather of a tail hang down from the upholstered perch occupied by a napping ball of fur.

"Take a look around. There is a disinfectant stand in the corner. Call me if you want to cuddle one of them to see if you have chemistry."

"Ah. Yes. Chemistry..." Pair chemistry, Daya wrote about it... with that Sorokin fellow.

Pair chemistry, Daya wrote about it... with that Sorokin fellow. Mike shook his head and looked at the cats obediently. Most of them didn't return his gaze.

Despite her instructions, Alyssa didn't leave. She sat on a round stool in one corner and watched him with the same smile she gave the cats. But she kept quiet.

Mike walked along the cages, discovering more cats, tabby, tortoiseshell, another dull-white with splotches of brown, a black one with a white sock and bashful yellow eyes. The cats were cats, but Alyssa's gaze between his shoulder blades made him shiver.

"You must buy new clothes soon, everything hangs on you," she said. Did he expect her to stay silent for long?

"I am aware." Mike put his palm to the cage's wall, and the big cat rolled around to press his back to it.

Alyssa sauntered over. "Want to hold him?"

Not particularly, but Alyssa was already unlocking the cage. Mike threw the cat an apologetic look over her bent back.

We'll have to do that for her, buddy. Don't bite me, okay? To Alyssa he said, "Sure."

We'll have to do that for her, buddy. Don't bite me, okay? "Here you go."

Loaded with twenty pounds of fur-wrapped muscle, Mike held his breath. The cat rolled in his arms, showing off darker spirals on the lighter orange coat, and vibrated with near-deafening purr. He was a prime specimen of feline species, not to mention a decent supply of meat in case of a zombie attack. "Is his name Garfield?"

"Nope, this is Ginger. Just look at you! Ginger with ginger, you're made for one another!" Alyssa clapped her hands soundlessly, to avoid spooking the other cats. She seemed so delighted by the success of her matchmaking, it was cruel to disappoint her.

"Actually..." Mike dislodged Ginger and replaced him in his cage. The cat turned his head to stare at him for three seconds, then placed it down on the wide paws. The rejection was mutual. "Actually, could I visit with that dog, Toby?"



Alyssa rolled back, she was so surprised. "Toby? Oh, of course. But, Mike, a dog takes a lot more care than a cat. You need to take him out for walks..."

"That's a good thing." Mike sanitized his hands and walked to the dog's enclosure.

"And he's seven, getting on in years, so his vet bills will be hefty. His owner had passed away and her children didn't want a dog..." Her sensible shoes did not make clicking noises, but her footfalls sounded rushed. He slowed down to let her catch up.

Toby turned on the spot to give Alyssa a hurt look. He got over it quick though, and trotted over, wiggling like a silk-coated caterpillar. Alyssa opened the gate for Mike to walk in. Toby plopped down, his tail thumping against the floor, and smiled at him.

smiled "He... smiled? Or is he scowling?" Mike asked his domesticated animal expert, kneeling in front of Toby.

"Smiled. Spaniels do that. They also piddle on the floor whenever they screw up or an exciting thought crosses their mind."

Mike chuckled, running his fingers over the silky ear. "That's relatable." You should have seen me restarting the letter to Daya for the eleventh time, pooch. It would make you instantly feel better.

You should have seen me restarting the letter to Daya for the eleventh time, pooch. It would make you instantly feel better. The dog put his paws on Mike's knee and looked closely into his face, panting. His tongue lolled like a pink flag. He didn't enjoy being left alone in the CHS either, after his lady walked away to the boundless green fields of the Everafter province and never returned.

"Yes, you are coming with me, little buddy." Mike turned to Alyssa. "What do I need to do to adopt him?"

"We'll need to fill out paperwork, to make sure you can take care of a dog. To start with, does your condo allow you to have a dog?"

"They're okay with small animals, and he's small."

"Cockers are a sporting breed, but he's as close to toy breeds as they come." Alyssa took him to the office to inform him of the many challenges of the dog ownership and examine his qualifications for having one. He could have spawned twenty kids from his loins with less scrutiny than adopting one dog. The less I think about spawning, the better.

The less I think about spawning, the better. Finally, Alyssa got him to sign a bunch of papers and pay the adoption fee.

"Here is a checklist of things you'll need." There was a store in the front, but he had a feeling it would be more economical to get all that stuff in Walmart.

"Toby's dowry." Mike folded the list and stuffed it into the newly roomy back pocket of his jeans. "Let's go get my dog."

Alyssa shook her head in astonishment. "I still can't believe you're a dog person. I was so sure you'd be into cats."

"The cats are wonderful, Alyssa, but there is just something I like about Toby."

She gave him the look. As the product of the halls of higher learning, she got him.

A cat meant deepening their relationship and him leaving behind that feverish winter love. Like getting over the flu.

The dog meant... who knows what the dog meant save that Toby was good people and spotted Mike right away as a kindred loyal spirit.

good people "Well, if you need a hand..." Alyssa tried a last ditch effort.

"I'll be fine, don't worry."

He really was sorry, but Daya said, I miss you .

I miss you And he had a foreboding that his relationship with Daya would differ from the loves that came before... he didn't want another round of what he had had before...

A flash of excitement, a satisfaction of not being alone... then little by little, boredom creeping in—that was the routine, comfortable in its repetitive nature. Or disappointment at being rejected, a flash of resentment... then little by little, boredom.

Daya and boredom didn't go together.

Yes, Mother, we're too different, and that's why it doesn't work. But that's also why it's the only thing that could work. I would pick heartbreak over boredom every time... so, you see, my choices are Daya or solitude.



Yes, Mother, we're too different, and that's why it doesn't work. But that's also why it's the only thing that could could work. I would pick heartbreak over boredom every time... so, you see, my choices are Daya or solitude.

Mike collected his bundle of fur and barks, a small sample bag of dog food, and a stack of paperwork half an inch thick. Such was his lot in life—carry around a mountain of papers...

Toby spent the ride to Walmart watching the world go by out of the car window; he slept in a comfy knot while Mike shopped for a bed, toys, kibble and the all important plastic doo-doo baggies.

However, the moment Mike sat himself to the latest of the obscure games imitating the glorious 1999 vintage, Toby dragged his leash into the living room and deposited it by his feet.

"What, you want out again already? But we just came back in." Plus, he gave Toby a tour of his palazzo, which had to have counted as exercise.

Toby tilted his head, so Mike could see his pleading eyes better. The stub of the tail typed the petition on the carpet. Let's go play, my beloved human .

Let's go play, my beloved human "Pond walk it is. Perhaps, you can compose a letter to a lovely lady who used to live here," Mike said, clipping the leash to the collar.

Under the gentle sun of May, and with a smiling dog for company, the icy fingers squeezing his heart didn't let go. But they eased off just a little.

"She's tired, yes, but she is texting... and that's beautiful. Maybe I don't really have to understand what's up with those lutzes and throws. Maybe I just have to say you got it, my love, and I miss you too . What do you think?"

you got it, my love, and I miss you too Toby stuck his wet nose into his knee, whining for the squeaky red ball that rested in Mike's hand for too long. He tossed it and watched the old dog do the oldest trick in the book.

Dogs... the friends of active pursuits and steadfast lovers.



Dogs... the friends of active pursuits and steadfast lovers.





35. #NerveEndings, June 2018


Daya stepped on the ice with Pavel and the other skaters for the reserved practice hours. Her belly was full of ice too. Belousova selected the last possible eligible regional qualifier for them to get the score for entering the Canadian Challenge. Just like all other hopefuls from around Canada.

"Failure is not an option. You'll get the scores, and then you won't stop competing," Belousova had said.

"For once I wish it was not the one and only, the last chance," Daya murmured to Pavel, as they started on the back-cross.

And she wished that Shanti could come. Yes, she was almost twenty-four, and she still wanted her big sis to watch her skate. But she was twenty-four, so she said, "Oh, Shanti, don't worry. I know Sameer is at a conference this weekend, and you have a good time with the kids. Don't torture them with sitting in a cold, smelly arena for hours."

"Every competition is your first and your last chance. Fortune is fickle." Pavel's happy grin almost made up for Shanti's absence. The guy was eager to compete, like a warhorse pawing the ground for battle. "Speaking of fortune, I want to repeat the star, that's been shaky last time. God helps those close off all avenues for failure."

Daya nodded, checking behind her back for the opening in the mill of other skaters for Pavel to do his rotations. It looked good, so she gave him a go. They sped up, Pavel's hand went to her hip, their hands clasped, she went up—

There was a wobble as her hand planted on his shoulder. First she thought she could compensate for it. She did not have time to be scared, but Pavel's eyes were fully flung in terror when her face plunged past his.

That's what cut into her memory. Not the wobble, the whites of Pavel's eyes.

His hands grabbed frantically to break her fall. No matter how good his reflexes, he couldn't slow her down enough. He skated out of the way, protecting her from his blades.

She almost braced, she almost took a breath in, her heart almost completed one beat.

No other sound penetrated her cocoon of fear. Time froze, like in the wrong fairy tale, not Cinderella, the Sleeping Beauty one.

Belousova pressed herself to the glass by the gate.

Pavel kept back choice words in two languages behind the bluish lips. His How bad? was the first thing that she had heard before the sound of the blades on the ice, the shouts of the coaches and the distant music returned.

How bad? The light was no longer sheer white bleaching color from her surroundings. She spotted the emergency amber of the short is tomorrow, flashing in the green depths of Pavel's eyes. He did not give voice to his panicked thoughts.

short is tomorrow, She tried to sort out the pain. Good pain that she could shake off. Bad pain that meant withdrawal, the two scariest letters on the scoreboard, WD.

Her heart thudded one more time.

She extended her arms to Pavel, and he asked if she wanted to stand in a trembling voice.

"No, I prefer to take a nap on the ice," she snapped and vaulted to her feet... wobbly feet.

Under speculative glances from their rivals, Pavel huddled her, and they skated two slow laps, her body still reacting to the shock with shakes. Soaking with sweat, her jacket clung wetly to her back, warm only where Pavel touched her, chilly everywhere else.

The pain numbed.

"I'll be okay. I just need to sit somewhere," she murmured into Pavel's warm chest. He nodded, maneuvering them to the gates.



Belousova held Daya's eyes. "Medical?"

She shook her head. "No, no. I just need a time out." She clutched a wad of tissues that Belousova handed her to her runny nose and wet cheeks.

The fall wasn't that bad, but it was a sign, and Belousova picked up on it... damn her.

"Stay on the ice, Sorokin. I'll see to her." Belousova navigated the halls, listing the painkillers without the banned substances. She dropped Daya in the dressing room and returned with the ice. The bruising was setting in, but her breathing calmed down.

"I'm going to make it," she said.

"I can see that." Belousova took her chin between her fingers. "You need to tell me if you're ready to skate with confidence tomorrow. To erase everything, empty your mind, and skate."

Empty her mind... that meant more than blocking out crushing by Pavel's feet and the cruel punch of the ice in the face. To endure everything that would come with competing again, she needed more than that. She needed--

"I... I need to talk to someone," Daya stuttered, pressing the tissues to her nose again. It dripped, but there weren't any blood stains. I'm a drama queen...

I'm a drama queen... After a long pause, the coach finally nodded. "I'll check on you in twenty minutes. Don't sit the entire time, keep moving. Call immediately if anything feels off."





On a wooden bench, between the empty lockers, Daya opened Mike's email. Email! It was like a shout-out to the nineteen-nineties. She always choked up on the first sentence.

It said, I love you, and I can't think of the time I felt sorrier in my life.

I love you, and I can't think of the time I felt sorrier in my life. This time she read on.

I don't understand all of it, but after playing a few phone games with my mother, here is the story of why I'm so stubborn about food. There once was a painter who fell in love with an actress...

I don't understand all of it, but after playing a few phone games with my mother, here is the story of why I'm so stubborn about food. There once was a painter who fell in love with an actress... And so forth, and so on. His mother, driven by failure. His father, driven by success. Mike, hiding away in the comfort the food provided, walking the tightrope between success and failure. Afraid to take away hers with his selfishness.

Her fingers trembled so much, it took two tries to get the number in. Remembering the coach's instruction, Daya pushed up from the bench, and blindly walked to the wall, slouching over the phone, shielding it and her face with her hand.

It must have buzzed twice in Calgary, maybe three times, before the click of the picked up call.

"Daya? A moment..."

She imagined Mike get up and turn around to someone... a fresh veil of tears fell over her real sight. Mike... I need you to...

Mike... I need you to... "Alyssa, would you mind holding the fort for a few minutes? A family emergency."

She heard wordless muttering, so Mike was moving away without waiting for a response. The tone of his voice was just right, alarmed yet cultured, urgent yet polite. Gods, he has the makings of a good liar.

Gods, he has the makings of a good liar. A door clicked, shutting off the background noises of his library. Her locker room was as silent as a tomb. "Daya, is everything well?"

"No. But yes. Yes... I need you..." Her fingers splayed on the locker room's wall gathered back into the fist. No way he didn't know she was crying.

"What's wrong?"

"I need you to promise to come to the Challenge... don't ask what it is. Just say, if you qualify, I'll come to the Challenge.

if you qualify, I'll come to the Challenge.

"Daya, forget the Challenge. I'll catch the first flight out, just tell me where—"

"No, no. You don't understand. I had a fall—"

"Daya!"

Too much to explain, no time. She cleared her throat, finding a firm voice that always worked.

"I'm shaken, not hurt. I need your promise to lace the skates back on and focus on the Challenge. Mike, please. Without you there, it doesn't feel important enough."

There was a rustling and scraping, as if he fell into a chair. A sigh later, he said, articulating every word: "If you qualify today, I'll come to the Challenge... is that all you want?"

"No." She lifted her face up, so the tears would stay in their ducts. "You wanted to know why I love you, here is one reason. Your voice, Mike. It's like the clouds. Not the real ones, but how I had imagined them as a kid. Like if you could take a ladder and dive in, and they would coat you in welcoming fluff. Take away all the hurts. It's like that..."

"I want to see you."

"And I need to fight to see you. It's convenient for you, Mike. The Challenge is in Edmonton, at Terwillegar Centre."

fight There was silence on the other end, and she could imagine him searching the net. Seeing that it was scheduled for the end of November. Suppressing a frustrated sigh.

"Daya, it had never been about what's convenient. From the first moment it wasn't."

"I understand." She no longer had to fight back the tears. They'd all dried up as if by magic. "Cinderella, it's not a tale about getting rich quick and wearing magic slippers. It's not about scoring points versus the bitch-sisters. It's about seeing through all the disguises to find someone you love underneath, be they prince or pauper."

There was another silence on the other end of the line, but she could hear him breathe.

Into that pause, Mike had finally said, "I'll be there. At your Challenge in Edmonton. Go back on the ice, go get it."

"Thank you." She did not want to hang up the phone. "How... how have you been?"

"Variably. I had adopted a dog, but I resisted the urge to send you the pictures of Toby holding a ball in his mouth. I was afraid you'd pick him over me."

The eternal chill of the arenas gave way to warmth welling up inside her. Talk about the urges. "He's a lucky dog," she said softly.

Talk about the urges. Mike chuckled. "I'm not so sure about that. After you left, something came over me, so I... well, I dug up my old files. The poor pooch had to listen to some dry stuff."

"I want you to go for it," she said despite a cold hollow feeling in her chest. He wants to go back to BC, to his life before we had met... No. He would not have come to the Challenge then, wouldn't have offered to fly East...

He wants to go back to BC, to his life before we had met... No. He would not have come to the Challenge then, wouldn't have offered to fly East... She closed her eyes and kissed him a distant goodbye.

Challenge, Challenge, Challenge... I'm back in the saddle and let's ride!

Challenge, Challenge, Challenge... I'm back in the saddle and let's ride! The door opened up.

This was nearby, not in Calgary. The door to the locker room opened up.

That's Belousova...

That's Belousova... Daya got up and grabbed her skates. "I am ready to rock-n-roll. But we must drop a difficulty level on the star lift tomorrow."

Her voice had a bit of a nasal sound to it from the earlier tears, but it was strong.

"Agreed. If you skate clean, you'll comfortably clear the minimal score and there's no need to overtax Sorokin's already tenuous grip on reality."

Daya's teeth snapped shut. It wasn't Pavel's fault, it just didn't click, it happened, and if it wasn't for him she'd be in the hospital... but Belousova knew all that. She couldn't have missed it. It was bloody unfair, and she still put him down. Why?

Why? Daya shuddered to think what Pavel must have been listening to in the twenty minutes she was luxuriating in the rainbow bubbles of Mike's love.

"Irina Andrevna?" She lowered her head like a charging ram. "Irina Andrevna, if we beat the minimum score by ten points, I want you to tell Pavel he's the new Protopopov."

The older woman scanned Daya's face in with a long, dry gaze. Did she think Daya didn't know her figure skating history from the dawn of time? But no, it wasn't that...

The coach's gaze peeled off every defense shield she put up around her soul like a laser, but Daya didn't back down. Yes, she knew they were in a pickle without their star coach. And that Pavel would be the first one to grin and wave it away as some Russian advanced method, but she was having a problem with him being knocked down like that.

"Twenty-five points." Belousova smiled thinly. "For ten I can pat him on the back for you."

Daya felt a stirring of excitement. Fair enough, let's up the stakes. "Twenty-five it is. And you say it like you mean it."

That earned her an even thinner smile: little girls should keep their fingers out of the bear traps, Belousova seemed to say. Aloud though she said, "Oh, I will, I will. I might even cry a little."

Daya tried to be happy with getting what she wanted. And failed miserably. If we get twenty-five points over, I'll ask him what the deal is. It's getting stupid.



If we get twenty-five points over, I'll ask him what the deal is. It's getting stupid.





36. #Challenge, November 2018


Mike felt lost the moment he walked into the Terwillegar Community Recreation Center. He missed VITAL and its simple layout, its familiar faces on every corner, its everything .

everything The Challenge booklet said it was for over 500 athletes from novice to senior, and they didn't exaggerate. Even with four arenas, the bloom of Canadian figure skating and their parents unnerved him. He looked more weird on his own here, than he did in the craft store last Christmas.

Next time I'll wear 'my girlfriend is a figure skater' tee shirt.

Next time I'll wear 'my girlfriend is a figure skater' tee shirt. He thought he glimpsed Daya once, jerked forward to get to her, and nearly tripped over a kid hotly telling his voluptuous mother that if it were an underrotation, then he'd be fine with it, but it wasn't. Wasn't! the kid emphasized, throwing Mike a dirty look. He assumed the kid hoped for a solicitous expression and shrugged guiltily. My girlfriend is a figure skater...

Wasn't! My girlfriend is a figure skater... Her phone was probably off. He tried anyway before crawling into the arena slotted for the pairs' tests. Daya wasn't picking up. And the skaters didn't look like pairs. They looked like junior ladies.

Mike abandoned calling to frantically search the lists, the flowcharts and the updates. Who knew one had to have a flowchart to be a figure skating fan. Correction: a hard-core figure skating fan, because the arena was almost empty. If he missed Daya, she'd notice his absence for sure...

No, he was in the right place, just too early. Dhawan/Sorokin would compete here. And he would be here for it, if his nether regions had to freeze to the bleachers. Mike Williams, representing the Calgary Public Library... damn it.

He slanted his eyes to his right where two aunties settled in the choice spots behind the judges. Triple axel, lutz, technical score, they whispered to one another while the skaters waited for the scores. Oh, that scarlet with that pink looks horrid on her dress...

Triple axel, lutz, technical score, Oh, that scarlet with that pink looks horrid on her dress... The lady closest to him, the one in a checkered wrap over a black turtleneck, scanned the arena between the test skates, her eyes slipping over him twice. He smiled, feeling like a kid caught pilfering Halloween candy ahead of time— my girlfriend is a figure skater, ma'am— and stared straight ahead at Zamboni clearing the ice for the pairs.

my girlfriend is a figure skater, ma'am— Despite the hypnotic way the metal hippo moved, Mike's heart raced. It had been so long since he'd seen Daya...

The arena emptied again; the loudspeaker called the first group of senior pairs to warm up. Daya sprung on ice pummeling her thighs. She tossed him a smile, then her attention turned towards the guy who was holding her hand. So did Mike's.

The guy—Pavel Sorokin, presumably—blurred the line between Greek and Scandinavian pantheons. He had Thor's mighty hamstrings and Hermes' fleet calves; Loki's nimble fingers and Hephaestus' hammered span of shoulders; Frey's summer eyes and Apollo's wiry waist.

That mixed divine anatomy carried him over the expanse of the ice with a deceptive facility. Having had suffered an embarrassment after an embarrassment when skating, Mike wanted to weep watching Pavel glide hand in hand with Daya.

The ladies next to Mike came to life, whispering excitedly about the new pair and why they were so early in the warm-up groups.

Daya again found his eyes across the arena before stepping through the gates, and Mike fashioned a goofy smile, despite the needle in his heart. He came to see Daya, and he'd just wasted the precious minutes of the warm-up on studying her blond partner.

The two pairs that came before Dhawan/Sorokin could have sprouted golden wings and took off to circle under the ceiling beams, and he wouldn't have cared one whit.



And here she was out again, in front of him, an inseparable entity with Pavel. Her glide matched his, his mohawk anticipated hers, blade to blade, arm in arm.

Instead of baggy warm-up jerseys stretch fabric hugged the two perfect bodies. Hers, electric blue, with a black corsage slashed with silver. His, black with a blue V hinting at a historically inaccurate yet romantic collar. Both had more crystals sprinkled on than a Tim Horton's vanilla dip donut.

Mike fidgeted in his seat as Daya skated to the center of the rink, and leaned into Pavel's embrace, hands pressed to her chest, eyes closed. As the music started, she took off, first with her back to Pavel, then spinning to extend her expecting arms towards him. He chased her, as if nothing else in the world mattered. Their fingertips met, then their hands.

The judges were probably watching the footwork too, but Mike could not take his eyes away from the intertwining hands, pale and rich brown. Daya's face looked ecstatic then regretful when the music tore her away from that blasted palm to palm contact.

Her blond god-prince-partner did not go far. No, how could he! An invisible hand lifted both of them in the air and set them back down, the two matching feathers. The double axel she was texting about twenty times...

Mike pressed his bottom into the seat. Nobody warned him that sitting would become uncomfortable after loosing thirty pounds. But he should have guessed that there would be less cushioning... and Pavel reminded him of his once-lover. Not in appearance, in the emotional energy he projected outward: light as a feather, eager to please, futile to resist when his attention drifted to you.

Daya's lithe frame cleaved to Pavel for a moment before she miraculously flew above the blond head spinning in the air to land in the waiting arms. That would be the triple twist, Mike told himself through the grinding sound his teeth made.

Pavel's hands flowed down her waist in a fluid and familiar fashion.

Before Mike could take in a deep breath to calm himself, Daya was draping Pavel's sparkling shoulders, mere meters away from his face. Despite the proximity, she didn't spare a glance to the bleachers.

"They don't give points for that, I guess..." Mike thought sourly.

"They don't give points for that, I guess..." Every fraction of a second that she could, Cinderella maintained eye contact with her green-eyed prince. To be fair, that may have been for safety reasons, given that the prince was rotating on the ice, and she was swirling around the column of his neck like a sable boa.

Why did they call it a lasso lift? If it were a lasso, she should have strangled the lifting partner with one fighting move of her thighs.

Mike's hands shook when he remembered how her thighs felt when she sat in his lap, so he clutched them together, suppressing the ache. Except, there was more than one thing that was aching.

"They're stunning together..." the Checkered Wrap shared with her friend in a whisper loud enough for Mike to overhear. It pounded on his strained nerves.

"Uh-huh, very pretty. The skating is nice too. If they don't foul up in the free, they might get into the Nationals."

Nice? His soul was being sliced into bleeding ribbons, and they thought it was nice ?!

nice "Isn't Dhawan too old to switch to pairs though? Did they say twenty-four?"

"Yes, but look at Savchenko, an Olympic gold at thirty- four..."

thirty- "I won't say they're Olympic quality. That landing was shaky."

Mike would have fixed his chatty neighbors with a death glare, but he couldn't look away from Pavel lowering Daya on the ice, sitting up with an unnaturally straight back, showing off to the whole world Daya's arching body. One circle. Two. Three. Enough. Enough already...

Enough. Enough already...

Alas, there still was a combo pair spin for them to survive.

The two on the ice, beautiful together. Him, on the firm bench, deafened by the blades shaving the ice right next to him.

His fingers lifted to his brow on their own volition, but he peeked through that grid to watch the embraces in front of him. Each pose should have been as awkward as Kama Sutra's suggestions, but Pavel and Daya flowed through it.

Mike wished he didn't think about Kama Sutra. The spinning figurines in a music box was by far a more apt comparison. A nice Victorian music box with porcelain figurines, devoid of sensuality.

The sweet fairy tale music washed over him and swept Daya and Pavel into the step sequence to finish the program. That's it. His three and a half minutes stay in the Gehenna was over. He could go now, drink some water and... and eat something sweet.

That's it. Daya pressed her face into Pavel's rapidly expanding and contracting chest before he spun her out for a bow to the row of seats opposite Mike, then facing him... he smiled to cover up his shredded nerves.

The Checkered Wrap and her ally clapped in delight. He jerked out of his stupor, joining in too late, so his clapping made a lonely sound all on its own.

Pavel's arm found its way back to Daya's shoulders. He said something with a white flash of teeth. Her chin tilted up toward his smiling face, toward something he was yammering into her ear on the way to the gate.

The next pair was out, trying not to look in Dhawan/Sorokin's direction.

She doesn't see me, Mike thought, following the next competitors' suit for entirely different reasons. She linked to Pavel, plugged into him to shine like a string of Christmas lights.

She doesn't see me, She linked to Pavel, plugged into him to shine like a string of Christmas lights. Why did she want him there? It was abundantly clear she had everything in Pavel, her soulmate, a man barely even detachable from her... what did she need a plump librarian for?

His thoughts scattered like beads from a broken pearl necklace, as Mike pushed up to his feet.

That daze... the clenching stomach... the dry throat—more things they didn't talk much about, those dips in blood sugar when one stayed in the caloric deficit for long. His shivering intensified, despite him zipping up his jacket. He had to get out of here; he wasn't some chickadee to perch for hours in the cold.

He needed warm food, something low on nutrients and high on feel-happy . Today was a cheat day, no questions about it. Mike excuse-me'd his way past the whispering ladies and got the hell out of the Terwillegar's Temple of Public Fitness.

feel-happy excuse-me'd ***

While he drove back to the hotel, the familiar frilly red letters and blue waves logo caught his eye. It was a sign, all right.

Before his parents started fighting, Boston Pizza was a place to go for lunch on Saturdays. He fought his way to the turning lane and pulled the hood on against the chilly wind. His back, legs and hand felt stiff, his stomach ached from hunger.

He dove into the warm interior and shut his eyes for a minute. The aroma of fried dough, roasted garlic and innocent naughtiness seeped through the pores, releasing the lock in his joints, bringing a smile to his lips. Another deep breath, and the shivers disappeared.

He peered around, looking for a table. The interior was dim enough to see the fake candles twinkling. They reflected in the mirror behind the bar counter and the laminated menus. A large family passed the bread rolls around; the sight made his mouth water, and his stomach clench again, causing a spell of queasiness.

At a separate table, a young mother made scary eyes at two girls with identical blonde pig-tails. They fearlessly grinned with gap-toothed mouths and slithered down their chairs to disappear and reappear above the tabletop. How his mother used to roll her eyes when his dad insisted on the Hawaiian pizza, an insult to the Roman Empire... she rolled them differently after the divorce .

she rolled them differently after the divorce Mike's voice had the same tremble as his hands when he said "the Hawaiian" to his waiter. He took his order and collected a half-finished coloring sheet and broken crayons from the checkered tablecloth. Ah, yes, nothing had changed since the last time he had been to BP, back in... back in the happy times.

The pizza was the same, that's for sure. Mike picked out the scents of dry thyme, basil and fennel, nothing as fancy as in the fancy places, but distinct. Ham and pineapple bits lay encrusted in the bubbling cheese, fighting over if tangy or salty goes better with hot cheese. Mike made peace by taking a big bite to mix the flavors in his mouth. The invisible tomato sauce soaked the crust, so the warm mass of cheese slipped off it.

This wouldn't be nearly as good reheated, Mike decided after two slices, and the hotel had breakfast. Not that corn flakes were as good as pizza, but hey, the cheat day was today, so he might as well enjoy it to the fullest.

And full he was... the food sat heavily in his roiling stomach while he drove. The dough expanded, filling his gut with a hardening mass like concrete. The tendrils of spoiled fatty fumes tickled the back of his throat. The cheese tasted foul coming back up to his chest.

The only saving grace was that he did not throw up in the hotel's lobby in public.

He threw up in the privacy of his room's bathroom. He'd just ate from a checkered tablecloth, now he tossed the food out while staring at the checkered floor tiles. Again and again, each trip to the bowl—the first clue that he wasn't just being punished for his gluttony.

By four-thirty in the morning, he crawled downstairs and stared at the sleepy face of the night shift teen. The teen could have passed for something dug up from the crypts over the Halloween, and yet he winced at the sight of Mike. "Man, are you okay? There is a walk-in clinic a few blocks away."

"Stomach flu," Mike lied in a monotone. No fluids came out of Mike's mouth, but the teen still shuffled uncomfortably to create as much distance as he could while still doing his job. Well, keeping it down was an achievement nonetheless, because the last glass of water Mike drank didn't pause in his stomach for five minutes, and hurt like hell on the way up.

"I'm driving home before I pass out." At this hour he could stop on the highway when he had to. There was no question of spending a day in the frigid arena, with a looming dread of the horrid virus tearing his insides apart. With his rotten luck, he'd shape-shift into the Great Vomit Dragon in the middle of Daya's performance.

***

After an interminable drive from Edmonton to Calgary, Mike buzzed at Carol's door. Given that it was only half-past eight in the morning, she came to the door fast enough, in a cacophony of barks. The frown she was wearing in a combo with a hair wrap and a housecoat, changed to alarm.

"Michael! Good Lord, what happened? You look like a Tim Burton's movie extra."

"I want to pick up my dog..." Mike mumbled, picking Toby out of the vortex of white fur created by Carol's two toy dogs. "I'll call in sick, and go see a doctor about this plague or whatever it is... sorry. I've been scaring myself with thinking about dysentery during WWI for the last ten hours. I'm... I'm sick."

" And Daya?"

" He hung his head. Daya had her all-important test skate. The free program. She didn't need to see him like that, if she needed to see him at all.

Carol drew the magenta house coat closer around her. Somewhere from the depth of the house, her husband asked if something was the matter. She shushed him, then turned back to Mike. "I can watch Toby for a few more days, it's no problem. He's a sweet boy."

Mike just shook his head, his energy too low to bother with words. He limped back to the car, bending under Toby's miniscule weight, making no efforts to fight off the pink cheese-grater of a tongue licking his face.

He had a sinking feeling he'll need the dog as much as medicine before he could gather up his wits to phone Daya.

"Michael," Carol called after him, "phone me if you need help."

He crawled back into the car and made a run for home.





37. #LosingU, November 2018


Pavel vaulted over the top of the seats in the Edmonton airport's lounge to land next to her. "Day-yah!"

"Don't pull your back again," Daya chided automatically, without taking her eyes from the phone screen.

"My back is peachy. It's your face that's the problem."

She bumped his suede-covered shoulder with her fist. "My face? What, do I have acne?"

Pavel pried her fingers from the phone. "Yes, your face. For Juliet, sure, go ahead, lay on the angst. She was thirteen, her boyfriend died, her brother died, her bunny died. Shakespeare himself also died. All very sad."

She threw her palms up in surrender. "So, what's your problem?"

"What's an okay face for Juliet, is a wrong face for the girl who'd just booked her ticket to the Canadian Nationals through the hard work and titanic efforts. Not to mention her dashing partner."

"Oh, stop bragging, or I'll tell Belousova on you."

"Don't deflect. The point is, what works for Juliet, it won't work for Cinderella. You must look at me with eternal joy at the Nationals. Reach out with it to the judges, the audience and the little green Martians."

"And I will."

Pavel hesitated. "Look, I'd rather you acted sad when you're happy than vice versa. You should glow with success, and you're not. What's wrong?"

She darted a glance at her phone. Still nothing. As if she would have missed its buzzing. "My boyfriend walked out at the end of our short, and he didn't call me since, okay? I don't understand what's wrong..."

Pavel squinted. "Wait... that's the lone red-head? Big blue parka, horrid posture?"

She nodded.

"The way he looked at us, I thought we should have splurged on the synchronized swimming lessons in case the ice melts. Are you sure he wasn't at the free?"

"Positive. He mentioned about applying to Uni... maybe he got back to UBC... got sick of the long-distance thing." Her shoulders slumped.

He ground his fist into the palm of his other hand. His accent thickened to comical. "Need me to talk to this cowboy man-to-man? Explain a couple things about treating a girl right?"

She eyed the artistically balled fist and the well-tended skin over the knuckles. "Mike is as much a cowboy as you're Russian mafia."

"Am I? Or do I just pretend to be rotten intelligentsia?" Pavel chuckled, then leaned backwards, snuggling her shoulders, lifting her phone up in the air for a selfie. "Want bait photos? You and I, looking pretty, soft light—your cowboy will run barefoot across the wheat fields of Manitoba for you."

"Don't be silly. But take one for Shanti, she'll love it. Honestly, I suspect it doesn't even have to include me."

"She could ask herself, and nicely. Now, gimme a glam Cinderella smile..." The camera snapped a few times.

"There you go," Pavel tossed the phone back in her lap. "Hashtag it with #BoundForNationals and all that."

She took the phone and scrolled through the snapshots. Did Pavel's smile lost its fake it till you make it vibe since Belousova, true to her promise, had switched from pestering him to honeyed praise? Or was she imagining things?

fake it till you make it "Are you happy?" she asked.

"Hell, yes! I'll be even happier if we get on the podium in the Nationals. Hint, hint, nudge, nudge."

Daya nodded. "No matter how much I want to win, you want it more. What are you drinking? Because I need a swig of that."

"Pfft, one man's kool-aid is another's poison." He chewed inside of his lip. They sat in silence watching the airport-speed WiFi upload to IG.



"Look, that's between us, okay? I use my mother's maiden name, not my step-dad's. And never—my biological father's. But if I did, you'd recognize it." Pavel licked his chapped lips. "An open secret is the worst kind. You know how small our snake pit of best friends is... Tongues wag. Plus, there is a familial resemblance. It didn't take long for the curious to put two and two together. "

She added the hashtag and avoided scrutinizing Pavel's face. Internet could provide her with plenty of pictures of the nineties' figure skating stars, and if the others could sleuth it out, she could too. But screw that.





He snorted like it was a big joke. "Before I was old enough for the birds-and-bees, I couldn't for the life of mine figure out why the heck everyone always seemed so bloody disappointed in me. Like I was proofed against fall, or troubles or whatever. So, I overcompensate, I guess."

"Screw your dad," Daya said with feeling. "He had his glory days. Let's earn ours, no matter who's watching and judging."





"Including the cowboy?"

"Gosh, I hope he does..." She nearly dropped her phone, her fingers went so numb. She checked the chat, the Twitter, the Instagram, even the e-mail. "Still nothing."

"Hey, it'll sort itself out," Pavel spread his arms over the back of the seats. "You'll see. And if not... well, Russian mafia to the rescue."

She patted his knee and stared at the screen, willing Mike to type already. Anything, Mike, please... She would have to put the phone in the airplane mode soon, and she'd just go crazy if she wouldn't hear from him.

Anything, Mike, please... ***

She didn't hear from him, and she didn't go crazy.

Instead, she landed in Toronto and squeezed into the back of Shanti's car between the two child's car seats. Shanti's eyes caught hers in the rear view mirror a few times, but she looked away. Rajni and Veer wanted to see every picture of her as a Cinderella and Pavel as the Prince, so she scrolled through every shot she had on her phone for them ten times. Rajni opined that her dress was all wrong and should have been baby-blue.

A "Congratulations, Daya!" ice-cream cake waited in the fridge, and she ate a dangerous portion.

She absolutely didn't check her phone.

Not until she crawled into her bed.

A bit later, Shanti rapped on her door. "Daya, I have a mom-radar. I can detect crying anywhere in the house." And she squeezed through the door and unceremoniously plopped next to Daya, scattering the growing tower of used tissues over the bedspread.

"Mike broke up with me..." Daya sniffled, pushing the phone off the bed. Between blowing her nose and hiccuping, it took longer than it should have to get the story out.

"Oh, sis, I'm so sorry." Shanti collected the phone and scrolled through it, searching for Daya's mistakes, just like she used to do with her homework... "You're tired after a huge competition, and he's a total ass—"

The phone buzzed.

"Aha," Shanti said, reading the screen. Daya hopped off the bed, reaching for the device that Shanti held overhead in an outstretched arm.

"What is it, what is it, what is it?"

"A lesson in not jumping to conclusions." Shanti puffed, straining to stay on tiptoe, and keeping her arm straight, as Daya tried to claw her way to the phone.

Being an athlete who'd just advanced into Nationals, even weakened by tears and post-competition slump, Daya wrestled Shanti down on the bed, and grabbed the phone. It pumped out a few text messages in a row.



Daya, I'm sick as a dog.

Daya, I'm sick as a dog. Actually, Toby's fine, I'm sick.

Actually, Toby's fine, I'm sick. So sorry, I missed your skate. Congratulations on advancing into the Nationals!

So sorry, I missed your skate. Congratulations on advancing into the Nationals! "Signed, your loving auntie M ..." Daya muttered.

your loving auntie M Shanti flopped on her belly and propped her chin on her hand, her eyes bright with curiosity. "Did you expect sexting?"

Daya hated the next words that came out of her mouth, but she said it. "Sorry, can I—I want to be alone."

"Oh." Shanti climbed out of bed with a disappointed sigh, while Daya's finger hovered over the contact list.

Once Shanti gently shut the door, Daya dialed. "Mike, sweetheart..."

"I'm sorry..." Mike murmured on the other end. He sounded hoarse and subdued. Concern scratched Daya's innards, but as Mike went on apologizing and explaining, her angst turned to disbelief.

"Mike, it's Pavel's job to project the character he is portraying to the audience. It's my job to do the same. Gods, you've seen it in the Olympics. Your mother was an actress! How can you be so dense?"

job "It's one thing to see it on TV, it's different when it's an arm's length from you," Mike argued softly. "Daya, I hadn't seen you for months. You forbade me to come and see you. What was I supposed to think? What?"

She took a deep breath in. "Mike, do you remember how it felt when we were together? The racing heart? The shortness of breath? Rising core temperature? Don't you think it would seriously interfere with moves that require precision and focus?"

"I understand, but it's not unheard of skaters to get married." Weak as his voice was, it wasn't hesitant.

"You've looked it up... of course, you've looked it up." His love for information could net him all the wrong answers he had ever wanted. He probably had vital statistics at hand, ready to quote them to her, for all she knew.

She exhaled in frustration and pictured Mike rolling his head back, leaning it against the headrest of his couch. She stretched out on the bed. Maybe if she laughed it off, he'd come back to his senses and it all would be fine. "I'm sure some librarians inter-marry. Should I worry about your relationship with Carol?"

There was a long pause on Mike's end, something that caught her by surprise. It was a rhetorical question, for goodnes's sake, not something he should be thinking over before replying. What the hell?! "Mike?"

What the hell?! "Carol is twice our age and married," he mumbled in response. "But no... you don't have to worry about the librarians... I'm sure some marry one another, it's just not public knowledge like star athletes... Sorry, I'm so sorry... My mind is reeling. Maybe we shouldn't be talking right now."

Hearing him apologize didn't lift the dark cloud from her mind. He didn't sound relieved at all, rather stiffer and guiltier. Her cheeks heated. Oh, they should be talking, all right. And right bloody now!

"In Calgary, you'd told me, I wanted you because you were handy. Now when we're thousands of miles away from one another, you suspect that I'm banging Pavel, while stringing you along. What do you take me for, Mike?"

Mike whimpered, but she didn't let him speak. She'd finally figured out what plagued her. It was like an electric bulb went up in her head. A floodlight.

"Until you accept that I love you, you , Mike Giacomo Wilson, and that I love you unconditionally and unreasonably... and for the love of all gods, faithfully , we will be miserable. And I can't convince you. You must do it for yourself. Just this one thing, Mike. Please."

you and faithfully The magic of telecommunication crackled across Canada, straining to keep the connection between them during the long pause.

His voice remained dull. "I understand. I wish I could lie... but what's the point. I can't do it right now, Daya. Curse me for an idiot, but I'm seeing things I shouldn't, and I can't get over it. I had no shortage of time, and I wasted it on doubts. So, I need more time. I'd laugh, if I wasn't weeping."

"I'll wait till the end of forever," Daya said instead of goodbye, curling her fingers till the fingernails made imprints in her palms. "I love you."

He didn't respond with the iconic I know.

I know. He just hung up, leaving her with a dead phone... and she didn't even ask him about his thesis and UBC, so it ended up being all about her, as usual. Why didn't I ask?

Why didn't I ask? "Well?" Shanti asked, slipping into the room again. "How did it go?"

Her timing was beyond suspicious, but Daya didn't care. She put her arms around her sister. "I ran away, Shanti. I ran away and left him hanging. I've lost Mike, and the fault is mine. But I couldn't have stayed then, and I can't go back now. Not anymore. Not after earning my spot in the Nationals. It's hopeless."

"Things'll look up, you'll see," Shanti promised.

Daya pushed her hair back and sighed. "They don't have to. I love him, I don't want that to change. As trite as it sounds, I'm ready to let my heart out on the ice. I have nothing to hide."

"Love is never trite," Shanti said. "It's just that some people are petty and cynical."





38. #Blue, January 2019


Toby whimpered in his sleep, startling himself awake. He sniffed the air, climbed out of his bed and went to look for comfort in Mike's lap.

"Sorry, old chap." Mike pushed the wet nose away from the body parts he rarely enjoyed sharing with others. Sitting cross-legged with ease was a perk of slimming down, but it had its disadvantages too... "I'm nearly done."





He snapped the last handful of LEGO bits into their places. After placing each, he picked a small slice of melon from a bowl sitting on the floor next to him, carefully chewed and swallowed it. Finally, out of both LEGO and melon, Mike leaned back to enjoy his handiwork.

"What do you think?"

The dog shook his head, sending the silky ears flapping.

"Oh, I see. Well, you have to know the story to appreciate it."

Mike fished out his phone and snapped pictures of Winterfell from every angle. Toby, who had never taken a selfie before moving in with him, developed a taste for it right away. So much for not being able to teach an old dog new tricks, Mike kept chuckling to himself. The downside of proving the adage wrong was that Toby photo-bombed every shot.

So much for not being able to teach an old dog new tricks, Mike scrolled and scrolled until he found a few that had at least 60% of Winterfell to dog ratio. Then he closed his eyes, took a deep breath and typed with stiff fingers...

I fixed it.

I fixed it. He stared at the words, wondering if he should add more... and he didn't. He hit send.

The jittery anticipation roiled the melon in his stomach... He relaxed, counting down from thirty, the way they taught him, fighting the gag reflex.

He would see Daya soon... just a few days to go. And then... well, it was up to her.

"Come on, Toby, go get your leash. Let's go say hi to auntie Carol, you're going to visit with her for a few days."

Toby whimpered again and gazed at him with soulful eyes. Mike hardened his heart. "Come on, Toby, she adores you, so don't give me the lip." But he couldn't leave on this harsh note, so he had to drive straight to the airport after dropping Toby off, and floor it.

Part of him welcomed the rush, because he didn't have time to worry about what was to come.

In every human lives a nomad and a homesteader, the raider and the lover of peace, it's the genome, and the ancestral memory as basic as the fear of snakes. We carve the best of history with a sword of change, and every life is history in miniature, hence...

In every human lives a nomad and a homesteader, the raider and the lover of peace, it's the genome, and the ancestral memory as basic as the fear of snakes. We carve the best of history with a sword of change, and every life is history in miniature, hence... Strapped in his seat 35 thousand feet high in the air, he grimaced, thinking of so many examples to the contrary, when upheavals destroyed everything.

It'll be all right. I have help. After all, this woman was his natural ally. And their relationship was thawing. And blood was thicker than water.

It'll be all right. I have help. The airplane, oblivious to his unfinished inner struggles, pointed its nose to the runway of Vancouver International.

***

"Honey!" Juliana exclaimed, first drawing him to her chest, then setting him at arm's length for an inspection. A worried wrinkle creased her perfect brow. "How are you?"

This was not just a polite greeting, so Mike pushed hair out of his face and smiled.

"Better, thank you. Sorry, I didn't join you for Christmas."

"Nonsense," Juliana said firmly. "It's dreadfully awkward for everyone involved. Now shopping... well, that's something we haven't done together since you've turned twelve. It should be... interesting."



Mike managed a weak smile. "Yes, Mom. Fun too."

While the mood of the excursion might have been subject for a later debate, Juliana was an expert in the area where he needed all the help he could get. She also had an enthusiasm for the task, barely letting him change after the flight at her downtown Vancouver penthouse. But she hid her impatience to hit the frou-frou shops of Robson/Granville, while he consumed a plate of quinoa salad.

was Outside, it drizzled just enough to open an umbrella. There were quite a few of them blooming in the wide, soft-hued avenues, intermingled with stoic citizens who merely put a hood up or downright ignored the rain moistening their hair. Mike blew out a sigh.

Am I doing the right thing moving forward, not back?

Am I doing the right thing moving forward, not back? He expected his mother to weave in and out of boutique shops, but she made a beeline for De Beers. That put an end to the meanderings of his mind as surely as the descending airplane. Yes. Yes, I'm doing the only thing that I truly want.

Yes. Yes, I'm doing the only thing that I truly want. "I don't want it to be a diamond." Mike stirred her away from the doors by the elbow.

"Ah," Juliana said. "What do you want then?"

"A vibrant colour," Mike replied right away, then paused, collecting his thoughts.

They strolled toward Canada Place at the Harbour. The familiar breath of the ocean touched Mike's nostrils, reinvigorating him like a prune soaked in water. His hair would give a comb a workout tomorrow, curling up tighter in the coastal air.

"Something old and real, fit for the heroes of Mahabharata."

"An old gem? The rubies, the emeralds, the sapphires, the topazes, the jacinths..." Juliana ticked it off on her already bejeweled fingers, as she ushered him into Cartier building.

Mike shivered. The names sounded familiar, but not in the context of shopping. He shopped for celery or cookies, not jacinths. "I thought about rubies. It goes with her fiery nature, but her brother gives her all kinds of things in red. I don't mean to be fraternal."

His mother squeezed his elbow. "I certainly hope not."

She greeted a smiling Asian sales associate by name and answered insipid questions about the loveliness of the day they were having.

Mike fidgeted until his mother's resident best friend, Rosalind, showed him to a cushioned seat before a glass-covered counter. The women's chatter bounced over Mike's head. Yes, that's exactly how I felt going shopping with mom when I was twelve.

Yes, that's exactly how I felt going shopping with mom when I was twelve. The subdued light in the store gave way only to the back-light on the velvet shelves holding the glittering products. The last time he had seen this many jewels in the same place was in a museum. But when his mother said, "Can we see your emeralds and sapphires, Rosalind? Yellow gold, I should think..." he straightened. He needed help, not someone making choices for him.

Rosalind moved shelves in and out, laying out shiny, pretty things in front of him. He picked a few and held them up to the light. For a second he forgot his purpose—the magic of the gems did not diminish from prehistory just because the public displays of them in quantity became so rare, and imitations—so common.

The deep green and blue cut crystals reflected light at him, tempting him to touch them. His mother leaned forward, picking through the bounty with shiny eyes. Even Rosalind had a misty-eyed look, though he didn't know if it owed to the pricey beauty or to the thoughts of someone somewhere getting married.

After getting used to the sight, Mike imagined the gems against Daya's skin, and suddenly the task didn't feel insurmountable. He rejected the lighter shades; the square cuts, and the deceptively simple looks.

The bright blue oval with its rim made of tiny flowers or butterflies, sprayed with inescapable diamonds, was what he wanted. He scoffed when his mother asked if he was sure and received a nod of approval for his troubles.

Rosalind assured him that Cartier would be ecstatic to perform resizing, engraving and thirteen other things he had not thought about at any location worldwide — and he stepped outside for a gulp of much-needed sea air.

He grew up without a care, but the indifference his mother showed the price tag, equal to a significant portion of his annual salary, was unnerving. Yet, over the summer, he chipped away a lot of plaster to find the woman who gave him birth underneath. He wanted to be comfortable around her again. And Don. He wanted his family back, even if it was no longer the one of his memories.

"When will we meet the incomparable Daya?" his mother asked, as if guessing at his thoughts.

Mike stammered, despite expecting the question since forever. "Mom, I don't know. I don't even know if she'll have me. Long-distance was hard on us, we were arguing."

She squeezed his shoulder — better than pinching his cheek like some ravishing take on Miss Marple, he supposed. "Darling, a girl who turns down a combination of this ring and my son is an affront to good taste."

Mike could not help but smile. How I wish I had your confidence.

How I wish I had your confidence. She dug up a plainer jewelry box from her Gucci handbag. "In case you need it."

He snapped the velvety lid open, though his eyes saw what was inside before his fingers acted. A familiar slim band with the initials JD and LW engraved on it—he had no idea dad left it with her. That relationship had too many black holes in it... or maybe every relationship did.

"Lloyd would have wanted you to have it," Juliana said.

In the street that belonged in a Monet's landscape, Mike hugged his mother, not caring that this public display of affection was more appropriate for a twelve-year-old.

"You have changed so much over the last year..." Juliana whispered into his ear. "Not just the looks. Everything."

Mike shook his head. "I am how I always was, Mom. I'd just... I had finally buried Dad."





39. #HeartRising, January 2019


AN: There is an intimate scene in this chapter.



AN: There is an intimate scene in this chapter. AN: There is an intimate scene in this chapter.

***

*** *** Daya's room had everything a decent hotel room should offer. There was a king-sized bed, a TV mounted on the wall next to the piece of a local art, and a fridge. Stuffy curtains blocked out Saint John, New Brunswick, the host city of the Canadian Nationals. The radiator purred, filling the air with the smell of burning dust.

She wished she could have spent more time with Shanti, but her sister was in a hurry to wrestle the twins to bed. The kids were overflowing with the excitement of traveling by an airplane for the first time, and Daya could see the melt-down incoming. She felt a bit guilty for not being on hand for it, but a bit relieved too.

Stretch, meditate, and sleep, Daya ordered herself. Sitting on the edge of the bed, staring at one's shaking hands didn't count as prep for competitions.

Stretch, meditate, and sleep, Just then someone knocked at her door, not loudly, but not uncertainly either. Whoever it was, they wanted to see her. Insisted on it.

Her first thought after she peeked through the tiny spy window in the door was, That's why Shanti was in such a rush. Only Shanti could have given him her room number.

That's why Shanti was in such a rush. "Mike!"

The lock was standard, but it gave her trembling fingers some trouble. She buried her face in his chest before he could finish a single step, but somehow they stumbled inside and shut the door. He leaned against it, letting her wrap her arms around his waist. His heart reverberated in her ears.

"Mike..."

She could feel his lips tracing her hair and forehead. It was heavenly. Finally, she tore her face away from the soft wool with the familiar smell of soap, preparing to kiss the hell out of him. But before that divine clash could take place, she actually saw him, and every suppressed worry flooded back in.

"Oh, gods, it wasn't just a food poisoning, was it?" she gasped. At a guess, he'd lost over fifty pounds. Maybe if she did not know him when he was soft-chinned and pink-cheeked, she wouldn't have noticed how strangely elongated his face became, how his cheekbones protruded, and how the shadows around his eyes and his nose sharpened. It was like someone increased contrast on a photo.

The incurable diseases crowded one another out of her brain in a flash.

"Mike, what's wrong with you, and why didn't you tell me?"

He collected her to his chest again with a content sigh, driving her anxiety through the roof.

But before she broke into tears and started shaking the truth out of him, he spoke softly, "What floored me first, back in Edmonton, was a norovirus. Then, because of me going off my rocker and binging just before I got ill, I plunged down the hellhole of throwing up whenever I ate more than a few bites. At first, I thought the virus was keeping me sick, or that my gag reflex was out of whack."

Daya walked her fingers to his jaw and caressed his face. She was trying to put everything she had felt in the last year in this one light touch.

"Then I caught myself shaking when I watched someone eat, both hungry and terrified to touch food. I took myself to see a counselor... I'm recovering, but my eating issues will not go away completely. I might regain every ounce I'd lost, I might relapse into bulimia, there's no telling. It's a day by day thing."

Daya whimpered with relief: her fears were getting the best of her. Mike's health was something to fight for, and she could do that all life long. "Why, oh why didn't you call?"



"At first I didn't feel that baby, I'd been puking a lot, wanna come nurse me? was a terrific pickup line. Then I stopped caring how pathetic it would be, and all I wanted was for you to be with me."

baby, I'd been puking a lot, wanna come nurse me? "Then why didn't you call?" she repeated numbly. "Gods, why do I make the wrong choices in ten cases out of ten? I should have come... I should have never left you."

Mike's lips brushed past her eyes, landing at the tip of her nose. "I'm not telling you all this to make you feel guilty or pity me. I didn't call you because what would you have done? Jumped on the plane in the middle of your training?"

"Yes," she whispered, interlacing her fingers behind his head, bending it, making him look into her eyes. "Yes, of course. Don't even doubt this."

"But Daya, it wouldn't have worked... We'd have been back to square one." The kiss that opened her lips didn't belong with the things-between-us-wouldn't-work-out conversation. She had no idea where his words were heading, but his mouth pursued the course to weakening her knees so much that she'd need him to hold her.



things-between-us-wouldn't-work-out

"Different provinces, different cities, different rooms, I can't do it," he whispered between the kisses.

"I can't do it either... but your job, your thesis... it's all on the West Coast. Maybe we can..."

He pressed a finger to her lips. "I've applied to a couple of universities in Ontario to restart my PhD studies. If they would have me..."

As if a light touch of a finger could stop her from talking. "They would be fools not to."

"You sound like my mother." Mike sighed contentedly. It sounded weird, but if it made him happy, she'd take it. "Even if they pass me by, my resume isn't as blank as it was two years ago, so I'll find something. I mean to be as close to you as I can, as close as you'll want me."

"You're moving... here," she echoed. "I'm not yet used to the idea that you're here now, and you're moving... Gosh, Mike, you fought with an eating disorder, you picked a school... and I knew nothing of it..."

"Oh." Mike's hands slacked a little. "I should have started with asking if you're glad to see me."

She wished she had a mirror, because she figured they would never again have these sheepish, ruffled expressions on. "I can barely breathe, I'm so happy to have you with me."

The euphoria of his presence sent tremors through her middle, as if she was challenging her core to the max in the gym.

"I want you to move in with me." Mike's hand traveled past her cheek, down to her shoulder, to discover that she wore nothing under her tee-shirt. "No ruses this time, no repressed desires. Live with me, marry me if you aren't too scared to tie yourself to me—"

"Scared?"

Mike must have been shopping for clothes as he was losing weight, but there was a gap enough between his stomach and the waistline of his jeans for her to slip her palm down. She enjoyed the movements of his body between her fingers for two blissful moments.

"Mike, I moved in with you after two days... I'm way, way past scared. I was mad at you, puzzled by you, sexually frustrated around you, and a million other feelings, but I was never scared..."

He breathed hotly into her neck, "If I stay tonight, will it mess up with the competition?"

The fabric of her tee shirt was flimsy under his fingertips, contributing to the amorous longing blanketing her in the warm, heavy folds. "You must let me sleep afterward, and we'll need protection. I don't risk taking hormones."

"Yes to both," Mike said hoarsely, "I hope you don't think I've presumed to ah—"

"Glad you did." If desire made him sound hoarse, it made her voice throaty. Either way, they both sounded like the victims of a flu pandemic requiring a prolonged bed-rest. "There aren't enough towels to tie you up in the bathroom to prevent your escape while I'm combing the drugstores for condoms..."

"No, no. This time nobody runs anywhere. We're making it all the way to the lovers' comfort."

"It's a bed... Most people call it a bed..." she whispered, fighting with his belt buckle. All the locks were hard for her today. "Unless you mean something else?"

Instead of explaining the obscure reference it had to have been, Mike lifted her up—he wasn't incorrigible after all. It was the least professional lift and carry in her entire life, and she loved it.

"Wait, wait..." she urged him after he lowered her on the bed, and slipped the tee shirt off in almost the same move. "Need to free the blanket, you're always cold..."

He lifted his head from her bellybutton, giving her back her freedom to move. She jumped off, ripping the edges of the abstract-design cover and sheets from under the mattress, opening a white shelter for them.

Mike's mouth happily switched to her spine after he had deposited his glasses and the pack of condoms on the bedside table. She twisted around, liberating his torso from the sweater. His skin had not kept up with the weight loss, but Daya kissed her way down his chest to where the hair thinned out. "I love your body, don't wreck it for me, honey..." His hands trembled on her shoulders.

She popped open the button, but as she started sliding down the zipper ever so slowly, Mike pulled her upward by the shoulders, to press his mouth onto hers with the same insistence he had knocked on her door. Whatever he weighed his pockets with—wallet, keys—dropped his jeans past his hips on the floor with a jingle. Her sleepy shorts joined it with barely a rustle, after he yanked on the drawstring to release the bow knot.

She hiked herself up the bed, bringing him along, kiss uninterrupted, her hand in his hair. With the free hand she flung the covers over him, wrapped him with her arms and legs, to keep him warm and loved.

His passionate nature no longer lurked under the surface, just out of her reach. It manifested in the pressure his thigh put on her loins; in each stroke of his hands in and out of the softening warmth between her legs, or over her breasts; in his tongue's familiarity.

And most of all—in him not saying a single word until he rasped for her help. She guided him inside to complete their union.

Ah...

Ah...





40. #Short, January 2019


In Mike's fantasies, he always cradled Daya after lovemaking.

In reality, he spent the night afraid to move on his half of the bed. He got most of the blanket, because Daya was a hot sleeper, but his muscles ached from the imposed immobility. He even thought about returning to his own room.

Nobody is going anywhere tonight.

Nobody is going anywhere tonight. So he stayed put, closed his eyes, opened them again.

And he stayed.

Whenever he couldn't hear her breathe, he held his own, panicking that he dreamed it all up, and he would wake up in his own hotel room.

But no, he was in Daya's bed, alone with the post-coital fallout. Emptied, because it had happened after so long an obsession and was so short an act in comparison. Getting used to the memory of what it was like replacing the dream of what it might have been like. And fighting the primal need to misbehave, wake her up and not let go till her womb quickens.

How he fell asleep, he didn't notice. Then the woman who kept him afraid to sneeze for hours, woke him up with a minty kiss. "Sleepyhead!"

Her skin was cool, with a lingering smell of soap. She had a black Lulu on... the same Lulu or the new one... who could tell... Her skate suitcase stood by the door, the outfit bag with the costume hanging over it.

"I hated to wake you, but I wanted to tell you that the room key is on the table." She pointed to a plastic rectangle next to his glasses.

"Could I check out of my room now?" he asked, picking up her hand, and threading her fingers through his. This is where the ring will go.

This is where the ring will go. Daya pretended to think. "Hmm, if you're moving to Ontario, you'll need every dollar, so yes. Stop paying for an empty room." She reached for the receiver of the hotel's phone.

Mike folded his arms under his head, playing cool. "It might go better with the front desk if you officially accept my marriage proposal. They might be conservative here, you know."

"Uh-huh." Daya pressed zero by touch, holding his gaze and smiling. "Good morning. It's room 815... yes, everything is great. My boyfriend has just proposed, so I was wondering..."

She paused for the excited noises on the other end of the line. Mike couldn't quite make out the words, but the voice was feminine.

"Oh, thank you, thank you very much. We were wondering if it's okay for him to get added to my room, if there are any extra charges and ... okay, thank you so much."

"Thank you again." There were more noises before Daya grinned. "My fiance's name is Mike Wilson. He'll be right down."

She hung up the receiver and caressed his cheek, unknowingly bringing him back from the dumbstruck state her words left him in. "Sorry, honey. Now you don't get to sleep in."

"It's perfect..." Mike said after he regained the gift of speech. "Perfect..."

"I don't eat during the competitions, but I texted Shanti to meet you for breakfast. She'd been dying to meet you."

She got up with a regretful sigh. "I must run now, or I will be late for practices. Mike... will you be okay with Pavel this time?"

Mike smiled and stretched. "Me, jealous? After listening to you breathe next to me in the night?" So what if Pavel was tall, handsome and blessed with a ridiculous combination of the athletic and artistic qualities? Every man in the world should be jealous of him , Mike Wilson.

him "I'll take it as a yes ." She blew him a kiss from the doors and left.

yes Mike jumped out of bed the moment the rattling of her suitcase died down.



His do-list was long.

***

His do-list was long before he answered five texts from Shanti who put an Oscar-winning performance to side-step the obvious: Daya charged her with supervising his nourishment.

before He kept his face straight while she delivered the party line about the twins needing a good example with eating the most important meal of the day. He discussed the advantages of the hotel's chocolate chip muffins vs mystery jam danishes with the grateful younger audience. Rajni and Veer stared at him with eyes like Daya's.

Uncanny.

Uncanny. Even more uncanny, Daya's mother's eyes were exactly like Daya's.

The Dhawans being on the stands for their daughter's competition was not a surprise to him. Even if he was dim-witted enough to not expect this plot twist, Shanti repeated it for him at least fifteen times under the blanket assumption that men in love lacked mental focus.

not She was mistaken: he had laser clarity. That's why he picked out Mr. and Mrs. Dhawan in the VIP section reserved for athletes' relatives right away.

Him, distinguished, with first streaks of gray in thick mane and beard, an occasional twinkle of amusement in dark eyes. Her, with the most daring hints of gray eradicated, smiling like a pudding, but glancing sharply from under the familiar arched brows.

"So, you're to marry my daughter, young man. But where are the herds your father should have promised me?" Daya's father asked, stroking his beard.

Mike blinked away a vision of twenty elephants marching unhurriedly down the Transcanada highway. "All is in order, Sir. A blizzard held up the caravan in Winnipeg, but you won't be disappointed."

"For a surprise groom, he's all right," Darvesh half-turned to his wife. Mike felt like exhaling in relief but held back. "What do you think, Amrita? He's all right, hmm?"

"You and your jokes..." Amrita pretend-slapped her husband on the wrist and set her penetrating gaze on Mike. "The warm-up is about to start, Michael. But tomorrow Daya is in practice all day until they skate the free program at four pm. Why don't you join us for lunch, and we can catch up on when you're moving? Make wedding plans, get to know each other, little things like that...."

little You wanted a family, Mike reminded himself with a swallow. "I think it would be wonderful."

You wanted a family, When he squeezed past Shanti and the twins, her lips folded in what he could only call a smirk.

She checked that her mother didn't have a line of sight on them before whispering to him, "Elope."

Tempting, as it was... "Never."

He took his seat—it was away from Dhawans since his athletes' friend voucher came from a different source—and glanced at the ice, kneading his cold hands.

The lights brightened, and Skate Canada introduced the judges on the loudspeaker. Soon. Really soon.

Soon. Really soon. He was glad that as the newest qualifying pair Dhawan/Sorokin would skate first. The printout of the schedule lay crumpled on his knee, and he still was caught off guard by Daya coming out of the gates.

Maybe in a few years he would get used to Daya transforming from the black-clad girl with a thick braid and lovely features into a crystal fantasy in colors bright enough to be visible from the last row. His mother carried theater with her at all times. Daya didn't.

And there she was, a princess in blue and silver, about to meet the prince, and Mike knew how it went. Step sequence, triple twist, double axel, throw, etc.

Only last month it looked different.

Pavel loomed, big and pivotal, and Daya twirled around him in the shape of a hopeful butterfly around a sunflower. It was pretty, and as far as he could tell, mechanically correct. But it wasn't powerful.

Today, Daya was a fire dancing on a log, and devouring it. The music was still the same, sweet and playful, the drive and speed was new. No, not speed; they would have been off the music. It just looked like they were flying. Art starts when the audience no longer notices expertise.

This is it, Mike thought. Daya had ascended.

This is it, Daya had ascended. Okay, so maybe he was besotted, but he felt how the energy of the crowd mounted behind his back. Even those without his bias couldn't take their eyes off of her, he was sure.

And then Daya fell.

Pavel launched her into the air, she landed, and slipped, and fell. The crowd applauded—they always applaud when a skater takes a fall—Daya was up like he had imagined it, but he could see the spot of white on her blue dress.

He labored for breath as if someone socked him in the gut, both from knowing she was hurt, and not knowing how much, including the score. But sci-fi aside, there was no turning back the clock.

He lived once again through the lasso lift, and the spiral, and the combo spin.

On the step sequence, his anxiety shot off the scale. Daya and Pavel held the final pose to the applause for the last countdown.

It was Mike's signal to act. He pushed up to his numb feet and went to the boards.





41. #Free, January 2019


I fell. I fell. I shouldn't have fallen on the 2F. The white light made Daya dizzy.

I fell. I fell. I shouldn't have fallen on the 2F. Pavel breathed heavily, his powerful heart racing. Thank gods for the muscle memory—the twelve eager muscles remembered how to put a smile on her face.

But the rest was sublime!

But the rest was sublime! "We did it?" she asked Pavel and curtsied to the judges' side. "Do you think we did it?"

"Yes. Look there... your cowboy." He spun her again, without the added flare this time.

She saw Mike standing on the other side of the boards with a smile of his own. Well, he loved it, so that's —

Well, he loved it, so that's And then she grasped what Pavel wanted her to see. Not just Mike. No. A flower girl on the interception course, a little sparkling shuttle between her and Mike.

what Usually, the girls circled unobtrusively to pick up the stuffies and the flowers thrown on the ice, but this one broke the rules. She was going straight for her. The girl held the familiar blue rose, but not by the stem... one small hand cupped under the silk flower instead. The girl's face was pinched in concentration.

What's going on?

What's going on? In two more seconds the girl extended the rose to her, the stressed expression melting into a grin.

Oh. That's why...

Oh. That's why... Mike had plucked out the petals from the middle of the flower, and fixed a ring inside it. Daya could not blame the girl—that ring would titillate a barracuda. The girl giggled at her face and took off, throwing side glances and giggling... the full flower squad was doing the same, both those on the ice and the bench players.

her Pavel's unwavering hand guided her to the gate, while she shook her head at Mike. She had found one guy who wanted to break Skate Canada...

Then another realization dawned on her. "You were in on it," she accused Pavel. Two guys, I've found two guys...

Two guys, I've found two guys... Pavel stepped over the threshold and steadied her elbow for her to snap the blade guards on.

"The cowboy showed up yesterday. He asked if he could propose while we were waiting for the results. I said, no, my friend, that won't fly with the security and anyhow, Daya and I will be in the pen for the medal potentials. Here's her room number, thank me later."

"Medal potentials? There's seven pairs this year, each with years of experience on us. You're dreaming in—" the penny dropped. Daya's eyes popped out of their sockets. "You gave him my what ?!"

what "Irina Andrevna had the exact same reaction. She said that's not how we did things in Soviet Russia."

"Sorokin," Belousova said in a warning tone. "This is Kiss and Cry. You could be on the National Television."

Pavel grinned a duh, ma'am grin. "She called both of us... hmm, I would loosely translate it as dumbasses. Right, Irina Andrevna? "

duh, ma'am dumbasses. " The coach harrumphed.

"Then she whistled to the cutie-pie squad. I think they drew straws or something. Now, can we pay attention to what's important?" He pointed at the scoreboard. "Unless with this rock on your finger it isn't?"

His voice ended on a whining note.

Daya plucked out a stitch that held the ring to the middle of the flower and slipped it on her finger. Unhurriedly.

Pavel leaned away to show that he wasn't part of the package.

The rock was astonishing: almost the same electric blue as her dress. They perfected every facet of the cut over the centuries to maximize the amount of light the gem reflected. It was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen.



Figuring that Pavel had stewed for long enough, Daya tore her eyes away from the ring. "Don't fret. The scores're even more important now,"

The announcer on the loudspeaker echoed her. The scores for Dhawan and Sorokin—

The scores for Dhawan and Sorokin— "Pinch me..."

Sorokin obliged with glee.

"Ouch!"

"Wave and bow, then we need to move." That was Belousova's voice.

"But Irina Andrevna, this high? There is something unreal about it."

Mike, the ring, Pavel, the score... if it were a dream, if she woke up and found herself in a basement apartment with a day-job, she didn't know if she could keep her sanity.

"Get used to it," Pavel said.

Belousova's gaze burned like she had laser beams shooting out of her eyes. "You won't be the first, not after this short. There's six more pairs to skate and Moors/Marinaro'll blow you out of the water. With a clean free, though, you could be in contention for the podium. But it must be clean, Dhawan. Clean, and delivered with passion, not the I-just-want-it-all-to-end like at the Challenge."

I-just-want-it-all-to-end ***

Daya's hands were still shaking after when Mike caught up to her. She leaned gratefully into his embrace and let him half-carry, half-walk her back to the hotel.

"I feel so ashamed, but I was hoping for the other guys to make mistakes," Mike whispered into her hair during the elevator ride. "And I might have squealed when you stayed in the third."

In the safety of their room, he stretched out on the bed, letting her drape over him. "Are you hurt?"

"Sore, but nothing bad." She held his face between her palms, searching it with her eyes instead of kissing.

"Still love me? Or was the ring too much of a showoff? I was worried about it, but your colleagues—"

"Maybe a little over the top, but the flower girl looked ecstatic, so I forgive you for folding to the Russians."

Daya moved her fingers to let the blue gem sparkle. "Belousova wants me to dig in deep, and I want to put Pavel on the podium tomorrow."

Mike raised a questioning eyebrow, and she dabbed it with a kiss.

"All for Pavel's sake, eh?" he whispered.

"Long story, and not mine to tell. But he really needs it." For the sake of changing the topic, she walked her fingers across his cheek to remove the glasses. With the way cleared, she could kiss his eyelids all she wanted. And she wanted it very much. His lips ended up on her neck, then ventured downhill to rob her of all coherent thought.

Almost.

"I can put everything I love together tomorrow." Daya gave into four just another second before sliding into the comfortable cove between Mike's side and his arm and flipping onto her back. "Pavel told me that classic music could be interpreted to tell any story. Juliet had hundreds of years to complain how mean her parents were about not letting her date a bad boy. All I have is four minutes on the ice to talk to the world."

just another second "Mmgh, four hundred and twenty-odd years," he corrected and tickled her nose with a strand of her own hair. "No love for the bad boys?"

She shrugged. "I just want my program to be about more than this one old girl. I want it to be about recognizing love for what it is. I'm looking back, and I'm trying to remember the day and the hour when I've realized that I loved you. When I've realized that you loved me."



"So long as one of those throws doesn't stand for what you'd have wished to do to me."

Daya snuggled tighter. "Never-ever letting you go."

She thought of it long after Mike had fallen asleep. Everything was there, the choreography, the elements, the music. The only thing that was missing was what Belousova said.

Passion.

Passion. The idea did not fade overnight. On the contrary, Daya woke up with the conviction that her skating today must be about the here and now. You know, today .

You know, . In the reverse of their usual dynamic, it was her turn to flash Pavel confident smiles during the practices, all the way into the evening of the competition. "Don't worry, we'll be fabulous!"

"Never did."

And, finally, the ice was hers. All of it. For four minutes of do or die.

"It started with the ice," she sent Mike a telepathic message and let Pavel send her off into the step sequence.

"It started with the ice," And there was never an expectation of falling in love.

And there was never an expectation of falling in love. Triple Twist Lift. But if you don't expect something wonderful to happen to you, are you even living? Double Salchow, side by side.

Triple Twist Lift. But if you don't expect something wonderful to happen to you, are you even living? Double Salchow, side by side. When the beat of your heart makes you pause and think... Throw triple Lutz... what is happening? What is this sorcery? Double axel, Euler, Double Salchow...

When the beat of your heart makes you pause and think... Throw triple Lutz... what is happening? What is this sorcery? Double axel, Euler, Double Salchow... And if this is love, do they love you back? You can't ask, you must approach it blindly just like I'm doing now. Reverse Lasso Lift.

And if this is love, do they love you back? You can't ask, you must approach it blindly just like I'm doing now. Reverse Lasso Lift. What if they don't love you back? Throw Triple Flip.

What if they don't love you back? Throw Triple Flip. Or if there are too many doubts, too many ups and downs, what's then? Cartwheel lift.

Or if there are too many doubts, too many ups and downs, what's then? Cartwheel lift. But you must take risks, for only those who do—Forward in death spiral.

But you must take risks, for only those who do—Forward in death spiral. Come out of the troubles standing.

Come out of the troubles standing. Because when you're together, it's magic. Pair combo spin...

Because when you're together, it's magic. Pair combo spin... And this is all I have to say...

And this is all I have to say... Final pose.

Final pose. "Let them judge that," she whispered to Pavel, as he enveloped her in a bear hug. She felt a chuckle through his labored breathing.

Over many years she worked to built up tolerance to being dizzy, but now her head span, and she did not care.

It was only the second time in her life when her scores looked higher than she had dared to hope, but she could get used to it.

"Second, we're still coming in the second!"

She repeated it three more times.

"Silver," she told him, stepping up on the podium. "We have silver."

"Yeah," he murmured. "We do."

The quietude of his voice surprised her. She expected cockiness, and million watts shine, but instead he glowed with an old-fashioned subtlenesses of a firefly.

The new aspect of him was what triggered the recognition. He leaned forward on the podium to accept the medal—and Daya suppressed a gasp.

No way.

No way. Oh yes, way.

Oh yes, way. The familial resemblance stared her in the face. The small curl of his lips, a relaxed set of his jaw, and I did it hooded eyelids. His arresting eyes—the wrong color eyes—had overshadowed it before, but it came to the forefront once he stopped being so desperately eager.

I did it She could not unsee it.

She knew who Pavel compared himself to, and darn it, they had their work cut out for them to even start catching up to the glory.

I'm willing to skate my feet raw. And not just for her partner. For herself, for Mike, for happiness.

I'm willing to skate my feet raw. For world peace... yeah. But she chased the sarcasm away. This was not the hour for it, nor the day.

For world peace... yeah. She leaned forward on the podium to embrace the shining world of lights and ice.

The winners have bad days. They have terrible days even.

But today was a good one, and she wanted to drink in every second of it.

The End




