Title: Zombie Soap

One


Jayson

Jayson "Get out of the soap!"

Jayson stepped into the bathroom where his ferret had pulled a slinky move and squeezed under the door. After making yet another escape attempt from his cage, Loki clawed his way out of Jayson's room and slithered his fat ass under the bathroom door. How he managed it without getting stuck was a mystery. Loki had been the size of a baby monster when Jayson had bought him at five months old. Now, nearly a year later, the little trickster was almost the size of a puppy.

Loki nudged open the cabinet door under the sink with his nose and was now gnawing on a brand new bar of generic soap, leaving powdered flakes all over the tiled floor. He spared Jayson a lazy glance that dared him to do something about it.

He scooped up the ferret with one hand and snatched up the soap with the other. Teeth marks pocked the orange and white patterned soap where the edges weren't chewed off. Jayson scrunched his nose at the smell that only Tropical Tidings's off-brand could give. Everything about the company was cheap, from its flaky powdered texture to the rough cardboard box it came in. His company issued one-ply toilet paper that had better quality than this excuse called a soap box.

"If you stole my soap again..." His other roommate, Taylor, stopped behind him, ready to defend his weird addiction. The world could experience a shortage of soap and Taylor would have a secret stockpile hoarded away somewhere. What had started out as a prank a year ago where Jayson had innocently stolen his soap had become a fully fledged war of pranks, where one had gone viral on YouTube before Jayson had pulled it. Taylor getting his ass beat by an eighty-year-old woman might have been a step too far, especially since he'd manipulated Taylor's ex-girlfriend into filming the incident.

Jayson sighed and tossed the soap bar into the trash can. "No, it's just Eric's crappy soap. Loki got into the cabinet again."

Taylor scrunched his nose. "I read an article this morning that Tropical Tidings just did a mass recall on their soap. Something about a bad batch and people getting sick."

Jayson snorted and placed Loki on his shoulder like a snake. Only Taylor would read articles about soap. "If that was the case, they'd have been out of business a long time ago. Eric only buys it because he's cheap."

Taylor mock-gasped and brought his hand to his chest in dramatic fashion, exiting the bathroom now that it was clear no one was out to steal his soap. He could be so strange sometimes, but it was his quirks that made him so much fun to live with. That, and he was the best cook in the house. After the YouTube incident, Taylor didn't cook for a month, leaving Jayson to live off ramen and mac and cheese. That had been a lean month—after the first few burnt meals, he'd gone straight to microwaveable meals, upsetting his stomach and forcing him to acquaint himself with the bathroom better than he liked.

He went back to harmless pranks after that.

Making his way to his room, Jayson called out over his shoulder, "What's for dinner?"

"Whatever you want to make," Taylor grunted in a muffled voice as he bent over to rummage through the refrigerator. "I'm not your boyfriend!"

"I'll make you mine for a night," Jayson teased, knowing Taylor would give in and make dinner anyway.

Taylor laughed and pulled several items out of the fridge, balancing food and beer in his arms as he kicked the door shut. "Oh, please. We both know you couldn't handle me."

Sexual orientation aside, Jayson occasionally considered making an exception for Taylor. As high maintenance and goofy as his friend was, he'd be perfect boyfriend material if he'd just open up more. Taylor's fear of commitment had driven him and Monica apart, no matter what his excuses had been, but Jayson couldn't help feeling protective of him, and there were times he dreamed of them together instead. It was unnerving to discover those desires so late in life, especially considering his conservative background and the fact Jayson liked Monica too. His feelings were complicated, and Jayson did his best not to examine them too closely.



Heat crept into Jayson's cheeks at the thought of Monica. They worked together in a drugstore where Jayson ran the front and Monica ran the pharmacy. Had they been in the same area without a half-wall and cage separating them into sides of 'We' and 'They', shots would have been fired and their job would have become a battleground. Monica was so serious while Jayson was fun, and it often resulted in an eye roll followed by a condescending remark to act his age instead of his shoe size. None of that stopped him from constantly fantasizing about running his fingers through her dark, curly hair or pulling her on top of him and letting her have her way with him.

Ever since he'd brought Loki home, though, Monica had warmed up considerably, making excuses to come over. She was a sucker for cute animals, and Loki was more than happy to betray his bond with Jayson if it meant more cuddles. There were just two problems: Monica still didn't like Jayson, and she was Taylor's ex-girlfriend. There were rules.

Jayson was about to crack another joke when Loki simultaneously threw up on his shoulder and pooped, sending fluid down both sides of his shirt. The smell triggered his gag reflex—there was a reason he held his breath in port-a-jons.

Damn Eric and his crappy generic soap. Loki could lick his own butt and be fine, but threw up the moment he ate soap.

Jayson gently placed Loki onto his hammock in the cage and scratched his neck, hoping the poor animal's upset tummy passed quickly. The last thing he needed was an expensive vet bill.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Loki wasn't eating.

After his foray into Eric's soap, he threw up endlessly through the night until he had nothing left to vomit. Jayson had done everything he could to force the animal to drink, but Loki refused to move, lying listlessly on the bed. His head burned and his shiny, tan fur was matted with sweat. Between the vomit, feces, and musk, the odor had gone from tolerable to unbearable—it was like something had died inside the room, and Jayson hadn't had time to clean it.

There were numerous articles on ferrets and their susceptibility to human illness—surely the soap hadn't acted as poison. Loki had eaten Taylor's hand cream and come out just fine, but then Jayson remembered his roommate mentioning the recall on the product. With everything going on in the news, he wondered if he should give Loki time to feel better or skip work and take him to the vet.

Taylor and Eric were those weird corporate American men who only worked from eight to five, Monday through Friday, so asking them for advice was out of the question. That, and Jayson had a sneaking suspicion Taylor secretly wished the animal would die. Eric was indifferent, but at least he'd show a shred of compassion for his best friend's pet. Unfortunately, he was already gone for the day by the time Jayson woke up for work.

The only other thing he could think of was working a half-shift and asking Monica for advice. She wasn't a vet, but she pushed out enough of the good stuff to know something . If anything, she could provide the reassurance he was too chicken to admit he craved.

something Loki slowly lifted his head and looked at him with heavy, black eyes. Jayson didn't like the thought of leaving him behind. If something happened, no one would be around to take care of him. His heart hammered through his chest as Loki weakly crawled across the bed toward him, dragging his hind legs and barely able to move. Jayson didn't want to admit it, but that animal had become his child and best friend. He couldn't imagine losing him after only a year.

He wasn't sure what to do. What was in that soap? Generic soap sucked, but it wasn't enough to kill an animal or even a person, was it?

Loki's eyes suddenly rolled back and his body jerked as a high-pitched shriek pierced the air. Anyone who knew anything about ferrets would say they were quiet animals. They would dook or hiss with the occasional squeak, but they didn't screech like birds. Loki screamed so loud, the sound permeated the walls and echoed through the house, etching itself permanently into Jayson's brain—a noise he'd never forget.

His decision to skip work made, Jayson scooped Loki up and held him close to his chest. Drool dribbled onto his arm and warm pee soaked his shirt. He stroked Loki's fur and shushed him the way one would comfort a sick child. "Shh-shh-shh! It's okay, buddy. I'll take you to the vet and everything will be fine."

The screaming continued for another minute before it stopped, and Loki fell limp.

Jayson's lip trembled, and tears stung the corners of his eyes as he rocked the animal back and forth and spoke in a tight voice. "No, buddy. You need to be okay. Who's gonna steal Taylor's soap with me?"

He pressed his ear to Loki's mouth and felt Loki's chest, trying to find any sign of breathing.

any Nothing.

This wasn't even Loki's weird, deep dead sleep bit. He'd pass out for several hours without moving before waking up, looking at Jayson like he was the soap thief freak he was. This time, there was no heartbeat; no subtle rise and fall of his chest. He was gone.

A sob tore from Jayson's throat as one tear after another spilled down his cheeks, emotion wracking his chest and his throat tightening as he struggled for air. This was his baby—Loki couldn't die like this. Never again would Loki steal soap or torment Taylor in the shower. Nor would he use Jayson's chest as a pillow. Loki would never look at him with pure joy in his eyes.

The ferret was still warm but heavy in the way animals were when there were sleeping or dead. He hadn't been gone long enough for his limbs to stiffen or for his body to produce that foul, rotting odor. The stench was worse than everything else he'd produced so far, and Jayson knew he'd have to clean it quickly before the smell settled into the surfaces. As much as he didn't want to let go, the sooner he brought Loki to the vet for cremation, the better for everyone in the house. Burying him in the backyard was an invitation for other animals to dig him up. If he was infected with something dangerous, they'd spread the disease.

Jayson was about to place Loki in a blanket when the animal stirred. His breath hitched, and he watched his pet with hopeful eyes. Was it possible he'd mistaken Loki for being dead in a fit of anxiety?

His body was so hot though, increasing by the degree. At this rate, Loki would have brain damage if Jayson didn't get his temperature down. His breathing erratic, Loki twitched, but not in the same way when he had his seizure. This time, he was silent as white film covered his black eyes and foul, yellow mucus tinged his saliva.

Jayson set Loki down for a moment as he searched for a fleece blanket and a carrier, telling himself everything would be okay. He just needed some antibiotics and rest. Loki hissed, and Jayson froze. In the entire time Jayson owned him, his animal have never once hissed. He slowly turned to see his loving, gentle ferret watch him with feral eyes. Jayson had seen it all in combat, had been hit by a roadside bomb, and still, this was nothing like the fear he faced now. There was no recognition in Loki's gaze—only hunger for his next meal in front of him.

Loki's muscles were taut as he laid low to the bed, baring his teeth and hissing. Jayson slid off the bed and slowly backed toward the door, keeping his eye on him as he tried not to provoke him. The animal's eyes narrowed and his fur stood in hackles, his body coiling into a spring. Jayson reached for the doorknob right as Loki pounced.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Two


Jeannie

Jeannie ' An unknown virus linked to a factory in Colorado has now spread to fifteen states. Those in perfect health are appearing in emergency rooms across the country, overwhelming hospital staff and doctors with symptoms of sudden fever and seizures. There have been several cases reported of the patients flat-lining for several minutes before reviving and attacking their health care providers and loved ones.'

An unknown virus linked to a factory in Colorado has now spread to fifteen states. Those in perfect health are appearing in emergency rooms across the country, overwhelming hospital staff and doctors with symptoms of sudden fever and seizures. There have been several cases reported of the patients flat-lining for several minutes before reviving and attacking their health care providers and loved ones.' 'Anyone displaying symptoms of sudden fever or seizures should seek help immediately and undergo quarantine.'

'Anyone displaying symptoms of sudden fever or seizures should seek help immediately and undergo quarantine.' 'Tropical Tidings Incorporated has issued a mass recall on its off-brand soap, citing a contaminated batch... '

'Tropical Tidings Incorporated has issued a mass recall on its off-brand soap, citing a contaminated batch... Jeannie shut off the TV with a snort and tossed her remote on the couch. A generic soap virus? Taylor would get a kick out of that. Next, there would be a radioactive chemical in the product, and the world would exhibit the superpower of being smelly or clean, depending on their preference.

A few years ago, there had been that drug fad for bath salts, and some man had gone into a cannibalistic frenzy, taking off someone's face in an alley. The synthetic cathinone had other side effects, but everyone had freaked out, convinced the zombie apocalypse was upon them.

Then there was that ridiculous Tide Pod challenge that overtook YouTube, sending equally stupid kids to the ER after ingesting them.

This was no different. Unless these people were eating the soap, there was no reason for them to be sick.

She could imagine laughing with Taylor over it. He frequently accompanied her to Bath & Bodyworks to sample the seasonal scents, and they'd spend hours spritzing body spray onto the test strips or testing the lotion samples. Monica was usually too busy to go, and Taylor had the nose of a bloodhound when it involved expensive bath soap. As silly as it was, he'd had a falling out with Monica over her buying him an off-brand product but Jeannie couldn't completely blame him. If someone bought her something that gross, she'd be pissed too—just not enough to kick them out.

Jeannie padded across her cramped living room and took a seat at the small bar connected to her kitchen. The apartment wasn't much bigger than a shoebox, but it was efficient. Though not as costly as some places, rent in Phoenix and its sub-cities was still expensive. As long as there was a dishwasher and laundry room, she was happy.

She picked up her steaming mug of coffee and inhaled, allowing its heavenly hazelnut aroma to wake her up. There was something soothing about the smell of coffee—when properly prepared, she could savor it before it reached her tongue. It was like wine tasting, but of a non-alcoholic variety and much better. She needed at least two cups to start her day.

Most people hated Mondays, but for her, it was Tuesdays that sucked. Mondays were always busy and made the day go faster. Tuesdays were the spillover days with extra helpings of overall bitchiness. It was as if the world was severely PMSing, determined to share its misery with her. When Wednesdays came around, she'd sigh in relief that she'd survived the previous day.

Her phone buzzed, vibrating against the countertop beside her. She opened the screen to check the first message, pausing when several incoming messages flooded her notifications, one after another.

"The heck?"

She set down her cup and tapped the first message, giving up on silencing her notifications as they continued to pour in. The first was from her office, where she worked as a primary care physician.

' Jeannie, we're opening early. There are a lot of sick people lined up at the door. We need you here ASAP. '

Jeannie, we're opening early. There are a lot of sick people lined up at the door. We need you here ASAP. She shook her head and moved on to the next notification. The receptionist was dramatic any time there was a line longer than two people, forcing her to put down her phone. Jeannie wondered more than once who she was sleeping with to maintain her job. That woman couldn't handle the most basic task, and that was even if she only focused on one .

one

The next one was similar, also from her office. This time it was from her P.A. ' I know you're working this afternoon, but we don't have enough doctors to handle everyone. The office is packed and we're sending anyone home who isn't puking their guts out. '

I know you're working this afternoon, but we don't have enough doctors to handle everyone. The office is packed and we're sending anyone home who isn't puking their guts out. Okay...her P.A. wasn't so dramatic. She wasn't someone to spill deep secrets to, but she was at least competent.

The third text came from her boyfriend. 'Jean Bean, are you okay??? People are throwing up and collapsing here at the bank. I'm coming over, but whatever you do, DON'T GO OUTSIDE.'

The last was from Monica. ' Jeannie, something's not right. I'm used to seeing sick people, but I've never seen anything like this. I'm afraid to open the pharmacy. '

Jeannie, something's not right. I'm used to seeing sick people, but I've never seen anything like this. I'm afraid to open the pharmacy. As swiftly as the messages came, they stopped. Every single text was similar in tone—people stating the obvious or asking her for help because she was a doctor, assuming she had the answer to everything going on with their bodies.

They might as well ask her for the answer to the universe while they were at it.

If anyone knew anything, it'd be Jeannie's mother, Regina. They didn't have the best relationship, but that woman clung to the news like flies on...well, yeah. Regina was aware of the world's catastrophe's, even if she wasn't aware of people around her.

Jeannie shook off the mental image of flies on feces and opened the call, only to get a busy signal. She tried her sister next, but couldn't get through to her either. Unable to leave a message, all she could hear was the rapid, high-pitched beep, beep, beep, beep, beep !

beep, beep, beep, beep, beep What was going on?

An ear-splitting scream pierced through the wall next door. It wasn't the argumentative shrieking she'd had to drown out with her TV more than once or the disgusting, loud make-up sex that almost always followed. This was unadulterated, holy shit, I'm about to die , terror.

holy shit, I'm about to die The hysterical screaming continued as footsteps pounded with the grace of an elephant and things hit the wall with a thump. The volume and intensity increased as her neighbor opened her door, begging for help. Her front door shook so loud and hard, Jeannie jumped in her seat, knocking over her glass with her elbow and sending the mug crashing to the floor. Shattered glass embedded itself in her ankle while scalding hot coffee splashed the top of her foot, leaving an angry red welt in its wake.

Jeannie wiped off the hot beverage with a hiss, freezing when her neighbor screamed through hoarse, broken sobs. "Open the door! Please! Oh my god, he's going to kill—AGHHHHHHHHHHH-"

Halfway through the frantic banging, her neighbor's scream abruptly ceased with what sounded like a gurgle. Something thumped against the door, squelching against the surface like something out of a slasher movie.

Then there was silence.

Jeannie's heart pounded against her ribs, threatening to break a bone if it beat any harder. She knew she should check on her neighbor, dial 911, or something, but she was too paralyzed to move, forgetting about the glass lodged into her skin. Her breath coming in shuddering gasps and her eyes glued to the door, she bumped into the counter as she stepped backward on trembling legs.

Had she been living next to a serial killer this entire time? Why was her neighbor being murdered in broad daylight? Oh god, what if she was next?

Her hand shook as she picked up the phone and tried the emergency number, receiving another busy signal.

"Shit!"

A bang with enough force to rival an earthquake followed her curse, shaking the walls and sending pictures shattering on the floor.



Jeannie suddenly wished she wasn't against guns and Eric teaching her to use one. Something like that would come in handy right about now, especially when the next blow rattled the door. Wood splintered from the white frame and the hinges bent from the pressure.

Jeannie shivered, crossing herself for what was coming next. She was about to die, and somehow, she didn't think it would be swift or painless.

She slipped off the barstool and stumbled, unable to make her quivering legs obey. If she didn't hurry, the door would fly off its hinges.

A third bang cracked the frame in half, giving her no time to barricade herself in. What she needed was a weapon—something, anything, to defend herself with.

Pulling herself together, she darted around the bar and yanked a boning knife from the rack. If this bad boy could slice through a chicken, it could certainly deal considerable damage to a person. She only prayed her self-defense classes would come in handy. Just in case, though, she reached for a cast-iron skillet that probably weighed more than she did. She wasn't taking any chances.

The door came off its hinges with the next blast, slamming against the wall like a battering ram against a castle gate.

Jeannie dropped into a crouch behind the counter, hoping her psycho killer hadn't seen her. Hot urine dribbled down her legs and she held her breath as tears splashed down her cheeks. Of all the ways to die, she never imagined it'd end this way. She was supposed to get married, have a family and a pet, and earn six figures. She had her entire life ahead of her and now it was being ripped away from her.

Glass from the picture frames crunched beneath heavy feet as her attacker stepped inside. The odor that followed was unlike anything Jeannie had ever encountered, and it took every bit of willpower not to vomit. It was as if her neighbor hadn't bathed in ten years, rolled around in rotten food, and defecated himself.

It didn't help that it was also late summer, and the temperature was still well into the hundreds. Walking outside in Phoenix was like opening an oven and having heat blast into your face. Combined with the smell of what definitely wasn't freshly baked cookies, Jeannie thought she might die from that alone.

A deep groan escaped the intruder's lips and Jeannie was almost certain he sniffed the air. What the actual hell? Did he like his smell that much? Or maybe her apartment was what clean smelled like.

clean The knife almost slipped, and she tightened her sweaty grip around the handle.

One step. Then another. He was so close, all he had to do was look over the bar and he'd see her in her pathetic little hiding place.

The constant sniffing reminded Jeannie of those bad horror movies Monica was so obsessed with. Or were they B-grade monster movies? Either way, the blonde was always the first to get cornered and die. The man growled again, chilling Jeannie's blood down to the marrow of her bones. His movements, the way he paused and smelled out his prey, was like a wild animal.

A cramp shot through Jeannie's calf from squatting for so long, and she bit her lip to keep from gasping. She bit a little too hard, drawing just enough blood to send the copper taste onto her tongue.

Her attacker sniffed loudly before releasing a guttural growl. When he crossed the kitchen threshold, Jeannie sprang to her feet with several shrieks in rapid succession. Whether she was hallucinating or living her worst nightmare, she couldn't deny the opaque film covering his eyes. Fresh, wet blood dripped down his dark stubble and into his beer-stained wife-beater shirt.

A row of crimson teeth with bits of flesh between the gaps flashed, and Jeannie plunged the boning knife into his chest with a nauseating squishy sound before he could bite her. Blood and spittle flying from his mouth as he roared, Jeannie screeched and tugged on the knife. Not only was it stuck, but she'd pissed off her attacker and drawn all of his hungry focus on her.

When he lunged, Jeannie jumped back, grasping her skillet in both hands before swinging it at his head like a baseball bat. Bones crunched against the metallic gong, and he fell in a heap at her feet. Dark blood pooled around his head and soaked the white tile all the way into the grout. The dent in his head transformed his face into a grotesque image, caved in from where the skillet connecting with his temple.

Her stomach churned with the weight of an anchor as a horrifying realization settled over her.

Oh, my God, I just killed someone .

Oh, my God, I just killed someone Then the impossible happened: he moved.

Her mouth opened into a silent scream, and she bashed the skillet against his head again on reflex. She didn't stop hitting him until long after his body stilled, leaving the apartment in a horrifying silence. The tile cracked into several pieces as the skillet left her trembling hands, and a strangled laugh escaped her throat at the thought of what would piss off her landlord more: the cracked tile, the blood-stained floor, or the dead body.

There was no way a jury would convict her of murder, though. They couldn't, not when someone decided to go Walking Dead on her ass. He attacked her and her neighbor... Oh, god, that poor woman .

Oh, god, that poor woman Jeannie wiggled her feet into a set of flip-flops and snatched her purse. She needed to get out and report her killer to the police. Then she needed to see if the man's girlfriend was still alive.

The front door hung by a thread, threatening to fall over at the slightest touch. She looked down at the remains of her neighbor, her long brown hair ripped from her skull and body shredded like tissue paper, strewn across the cement walkway.

Jeannie's head swam, and she threw up the contents of her stomach right there on her welcome mat.

Screw Tuesdays.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Three


Eric

Eric Chaos.

It was the only word that came to mind as Eric surveyed the freaky scene playing out in front of him. This wasn't your Black Friday, free-for-all melee where people beat the shit out of each other to get hot deals and strangle each other with hand towels. This wasn't even Afghanistan, where he was consistently shot at. Either of those scenarios he could handle.

This... was a cannibalistic bloodbath mixed with vomit and other things he didn't care to identify.

His morning had started like any other. He woke up, showered, found Loki's teeth marks in a discarded bar of soap, and went to work. He arrived to the news that half the bank staff had called out with some kind of flu, leaving them short-staffed for the people rushing in to empty their checking accounts. As the branch manager, it was his job to step up and fill in and handle the long line of impatient customers.

It wasn't until a quarter til nine that shit hit the fan and got weird. The teller beside him whimpered, complaining of stomach cramps and a sudden headache. A slick sheen of sweat coated her forehead, soaking her dark hair as her gray eyes transformed into a milky, translucent color as if she had allergies and pinkeye. She hadn't looked like that when she came in, and the only sign Eric had that his colleague didn't feel well was her hands gripping her stomach.

Eric turned to her and said, "I've got this, Meredith. Finish with your customer and go home."

She didn't make it two steps before she crumpled with a scream. Her eyes rolled back, and foaming saliva dribbled from the corner of her mouth, staining her blue silk blouse. Eric covered his mouth and tried not to chuck up his breakfast. It wasn't her fault; he knew it, but the sight combined with the smell threatened made his head spin and his stomach churn.

Bringing his undershirt over his nose, he dropped to his knees and turned Meredith to her side. He'd only treated a seizure once overseas, and he'd never heard of drool smelling like death. The only thing he could think of was an untreated infection, but even that didn't turn saliva yellow.

As Meredith's body twisted and jerked like a marionette on a string, Eric moved to unbutton his dress shirt and place it under her head when someone in the lobby screamed. Bolting to his feet, he looked over the counter to see what was happening when a middle-aged woman in a coral pantsuit and pearl necklace squealed, wiping green and yellow goo from her jacket. The young man beside her heaved, spewing vomit on her and everything else around him. Several people jumped out of the way, ducking beneath the black divider tape to put some distance between them and the puking kid.

Eric could count on one hand how often time had slowed to a stop. Once was during his deployment, when he'd shot a suicide bomber approaching the main gate, and the other was now.

He swiveled his neck from left to right to take in his surroundings. Several people shook in place as visible sweat dripped from their foreheads, and soon, they tumbled like a pile of dominos. And whether it was because of the man in line or they were sick too, they also threw up, covering the floor in putrid slime.

Eric pulled out his phone and texted Jeannie. If this many people were ill, they'd be flooding her office, and doctors were always the first to get sick. The thought of losing her to this weird super flu pierced his heart. He'd already lost his ex-wife. He couldn't lose her too.

' Jean Bean, are you okay??? People are throwing up and collapsing here at the bank. I'm coming over, but whatever you do, DON'T GO OUTSIDE. '

Jean Bean, are you okay??? People are throwing up and collapsing here at the bank. I'm coming over, but whatever you do, DON'T GO OUTSIDE. The text at the bottom remained stuck on the word 'sending,' and he could only hope it went through.

He dialed nine-one-one, only to receive a busy signal.



"Damnit." What was the point of emergency services if they couldn't answer the phone?

He shoved his phone into his pocket and turned back to Meredith, who had gone still. Pink blood mixed with her saliva, now trickling on to the gray tile. Her eyes remained closed and there were no signs of breathing.

Eric dropped to his knees and tilted her head back, preparing to perform CPR. His inactivity would not be the reason she died. He interlaced his fingers and began the chest compressions, only getting to the count of seven when Meredith's eyes snapped open and her hand clamped around his wrist with the strength of a bench vise.

"What the hell?"

He had little time to react before she bared her teeth and snapped at him, shoving him backward with inhuman strength. His head hit the counter with a crack and his vision blurred. Before he could process what was happening, Meredith was back on her feet, wobbling like a toddler learning to walk. She lunged, and Eric rolled out of the way as she bit into the faux wood drawer behind him.

His mouth gaped, his most colorful words deserting him. His dull morning had suddenly transformed into a bad horror movie, with neither April Fool's Day or Halloween to blame.

Eric sprang to his feet and tripped over a shoelace that had become untied, and grabbed the counter for support. The room spun, threatening to send him unconscious as a free breakfast invitation for Meredith. How hard had he hit his head?

Through sheer will, he sucked in a deep breath and forced himself to focus. Meredith straightened and curled her lips into a snarl, revealing enough missing teeth and blood to rival a hockey team. Her eyes were now white, reminding him of Daredevil without his glasses.

So much for zombies having red or black eyes.

Eric stumbled backward, watching Meredith while checking his peripheral vision for anyone who might sneak up on him. He barely registered the screams within the bank or sound of teeth tearing into flesh. There was a part of him, the soldier who wished he was back in combat. At least he knew what to do if someone shot at him. Zombies had him out of his element.

Meredith kept her ravenous gaze on him, growling through her remaining teeth. Eric's back met the wall, leaving him with no escape. Of all the ways to die, he never imagined this, trapped with a counter to his left and a wall to his right. Something hard protruded into his shoulder blade, and a glance at the small glass case beside him presented him with a miracle—he'd bumped into the fire alarm.

He drew a slow, steady breath, never once taking his sight off of Meredith, who tensed, winding herself up like a spring.

It was now or never.

Eric flung himself toward the firebox and yanked the alarm, snatching his hand away just in time to avoid her snapping teeth. High-pitched ringing punctured the air, and she faltered, looking around with an unfocused gaze. Taking his only opportunity, Eric smashed the emergency glass with his elbow and pulled out a red metal mallet. It wasn't as ideal as an ax or his Taurus 9mm, but this was no time to be picky.

It was ride or die time.

He gripped the hammer and sidled around Meredith, unable to swing at her. No longer human, she'd kill him in an instant, but she'd been his friend until ten minutes ago. It didn't feel right to kill her unprovoked.

Once he was around the counter, he surveyed the bloodbath before him. Barfy was tearing into Pearls like he was in a sloppy joe eating contest, going straight for her throat. Her empty eyes stared at the skylight overhead, and Eric was positive her vocal chords were lying on the floor beside her.



Eric didn't think. He allowed his training to take over as he went into survival mode and swung at the man's head.

"This ain't the Golden Corral!"

Blood splattered, the man fell with a sickening crunch, and Eric moved on. All around him, everyone left on their feet were flesh-eating monsters except for a handful of people rushing through the zombie gauntlet for the safety of the doors. With Eric all the way in the back, the entrance never seemed so far away.

Adrenaline pumping through his veins, Eric sprinted through the skirmish, breaking in his new toy as he went. He swung left and right, bashed in faces, knocked out teeth, and broke a few bones. No matter how hard he fought, he couldn't seem to make a dent, despite the carnage behind him. A few zombies staggered, disoriented from the alarm, but if they were sensitive to sound, it was probably a red bull flag to anyone else within a ten-mile radius.

Oh well. It was too late to worry about the consequences now.

As he neared the main entrance, the zombies slowly caught their bearings, stumbling toward the remaining customers stampeding out the door. A man in a cheap gray suit tripped, pulling a young woman down with him. A toddler in a lavender overall dress, white-flowered sandals, and two curly blonde pigtails waddled towards them, her eyes shining with hungry malice. As she came closer, Suit Guy yanked the young woman's arm and hurled her toward Barbie's undead sister.

The woman threw her hands out just in time to hold off the child's vicious, snapping teeth, shrieking for help.

His first instinct was to neutralize the threat and kill, but she was a child, no older than three or four years old. There was no way he could dispatch her in such a brutal fashion and live with himself.

He always imagined he'd have children with Jeannie someday, and it never once crossed his mind to do something so monstrous. His child could play with a gun and point it at his head or wield a knife like that psychotic boy from The Good Kid , and he wouldn't be able to take them out without paying a horrible price.

The Good Kid She would kill the woman on the ground if he didn't act quickly though. Nudging her between the shoulder blades with the end of his mallet, he stepped backward, checking over his shoulder as he went. She stopped her pursuit of the woman beneath her and looked from left to right, sniffing the air.

"I'm right here," he coaxed, tapping the tile with his weapon. "Your snack is this way."

Abandoning her prey, the toddler turned and waddled in his direction, hissing as she reached for him.

Eric continued to tap the tile until he reached an empty office, where he slipped behind the glass door and waited. Once the little girl was inside, he sidled behind her and pulled the door closed.

The idea of her starving to death or decomposing in here flashed through his mind, tugging at his heart strings. The humane thing to do would be to end it now, but the more gruesome image of what the mallet would do to her fragile body stopped him short. Monster or not, killing her would haunt him for the rest of his life.

Shuddering, he turned away from the office and ran to the woman, who had managed to stand and move to the wall near the door. There was nothing blocking her way to the exit, yet she couldn't seem to make herself move as she trembled.

Eric closed the distance between them and took her by the arm, guiding her toward the glass doors. "Are you alright? Were you bitten?"

She shook her head, tucking her dark hair behind her ears. Tears smeared her mascara, running tracks down her cheeks, making her look like Harley Quinn. Bloodstained clothes and questionable makeup aside though, she seemed unhurt.

A low growl behind him brought Eric back to the surrounding slaughter, and he spun in a perfect arc, slamming his hammer into another monster's face.

Bodies littered the lobby, covered in blood, organs, and unnamed substances. It was like running a dungeon in World of Warcraft, fighting nonstop until all the only thing left between the heroes and the exit was the final boss while everything else lied in ruins around them. The difference between the game and reality was that their armor gleamed without a crack in sight while Eric's shirt hung in ruins, torn and untucked.

He flicked his eyes toward the exit, urging the women to move. "Time to go, unless you wanna stay for the buffet."

Needing no more incentive, the woman bolted for the door. Eric followed her into the parking lot, taking his first real breath since the chaos started. Compared to the inside, the scene outside was a letdown. Instead of muted, gray skies and hordes of undead converging on the lone survivors, the sun shined bright overhead while only two zombies crossed the asphalt, rushing toward their new meal.

Without so much as a 'thank you,' The girl rushed to her car and backed out, bowling over the zombie unfortunate enough to be in her way. Caught on the undercarriage, the asphalt ripped its flesh apart as organs spilled onto the asphalt, leaving Eric alone with the last zombie.

Well, screw you too .

Well, screw you too He sprinted for his Ford and slammed the door closed, barely turning the ignition when Suit Guy approached him, yanking on the locked handle and banging on the passenger-side glass. "Let me in!"

Eric didn't consider himself a savage, even if this man did just tried to kill a helpless woman to save his own sorry ass. He was even about to unlock the door when the second zombie plowed into Suit Guy, ripping into him like Fido's favorite chew toy and growling like the raptors in Jurassic Park.

If the world ever returned to a normal state, he was never watching a horror movie or playing a zombie shooter game again. He might even go to church if he remembered. Just in case, though, he set his mallet on the seat beside him. He still needed to get to Jeannie, and there was no telling what the roads looked like. He only hoped she was safe as he tore out of the parking lot and sped to her apartment.

This was going to be a long day.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Four


Monica

Monica There was being trapped between a rock and a hard place, and then there was being trapped between zombies and an even harder place.

Monica was certain she'd prefer the former. At least the rocks weren't trying to eat her.

eat She'd barely stepped out of her car and walked into the drugstore when the vomiting and seizures started. People had been getting sick lately from a bad batch of soap product, but Monica wasn't sure why it was all happening right then. Not unless someone had ended up in the hospital, causing a domino effect until they passed it on to everyone else. Either that or the shipment of soap came in recently, making people sick all at once.

Monica typed out a quick text to Jeannie, wondering if her best friend knew anything about this super virus. '' Jeannie, something's not right. I'm used to seeing sick people, but I've never seen anything like this. I'm afraid to open the pharmacy.'

Jeannie, something's not right. I'm used to seeing sick people, but I've never seen anything like this. I'm afraid to open the pharmacy.' She was about to send another message when everyone from the customers to the shift manager dropped like a stack of cards, jerking and twisting in a cacophony of screams and gurgles.

She didn't know who to treat first, and calling 911 only yielded her a busy signal.

Monica's eyes watered from the stench of vomit mixed with infection, like when a painful boil finally popped, draining out both the smell and fluid. Having studied medical science, she'd seen it all until now. Whatever affected these people was sudden, fatal, and highly contagious.

What the hell was in the soap?

Suddenly, her ex-boyfriend's weird soap addiction wasn't so funny anymore. Taylor would probably smugly tell her, "I told you so," and still make her buy her own while educating her on the finer points of high-end bath products.

That wouldn't help her if she didn't make it out of the store in one piece.

She looked up from her phone and dropped it into her purse with a gasp. Everyone who had fallen to the ground was back on their feet, moaning and snapping their teeth. For a moment, they seemed disoriented, stumbling as if they were intoxicated before slowly turning their heads toward her, watching her with cloudy white eyes.

Trying not to make any sudden moves, a glance over her shoulder told her she wasn't leaving through the front door. Just outside the doors was a horde of hungry cannibals, also making their way toward the entrance.

Someone whimpered a few feet away. Everyone's attention landed on the poor pimply bastard behind the register. He pushed his thick glasses up his slick, sweaty nose and did the one thing no one should ever do in a horror movie: he ran.

Predictably, the zombies forgot about her and chased after the poor kid. She wanted to call out and advise him of his ill-attempt to run, but one, he'd already caught their attention, and two, she still needed to get the hell out herself.

She couldn't tear her eyes away from the grisly scene before her. The kid made it to the employees' office and flung open the door, only for the hydraulic hinges to slowly hiss shut. The first zombie was already through the lounge before the kid could lock himself in, and Monica cringed at his shrieking and the tearing of flesh as the cannibals enjoyed their meal.

Trembling and ignoring her churning stomach, she slowly inched back, not once taking her eyes off the distracted man-eaters. A low growl behind her followed by hot, rancid breath near her neck stopped her in her tracks.

She shuddered.

Racking her brain for everything she'd ever seen in horror movies or played in first person shooter games with Eric, she couldn't remember which tactic to use. Should she run for it or turn? Either way, she was screwed.



The growling intensified, and if she didn't move her ass, she was going to end up like the kid behind the counter.

She spun to her left and took off toward the makeup aisle, which was unfortunately not toward any exits. It just happened to be the only aisle unoccupied by her hungry company. Even worse was that while her predator chased her, she thought of every woman in every horror movie who always ran up the stairs instead of out the doors.

up Then she did something even more stupid: she looked at her pursuer. He was twice her diminutive size, clad only in green plaid pajamas, and a dingy, vomit-stained t-shirt. Strands of wispy white hair stuck out in several directions from his balding head. If it wasn't for the hunger in his undead eyes, he'd remind her of that senile grandpa people tried to avoid at family reunions.

His lips curled back into a snarl as he charged forward with impossible speed.

Monica bolted down the aisle with her arm stretched out, flinging random items off the shelf and sending it to the floor with a clatter. The cosmetics did little to deter him, and broken plastic crunched under his slippered feet.

A symphony of moans filled the front of the store, clashing horribly with the overhead speaker, playing Ke$ha's Die Young . She'd have cursed and laughed at the irony if a horde of new zombies hadn't just spilled through the front entrance, all heading her way. There was nothing like dying to dance music.

Die Young Shit, shit, shit !

Shit, shit, shit She rounded the corner, grabbing on to the edge of the shelf to stop herself from crashing into the perfume case on the side wall. Instead of crisscrossing through aisles like those old comedy shows, she sprinted toward the back where the chemicals were. Making a break for the pharmacy wouldn't do her any good. It was probably where all the sick people were waiting before their transformation. The backroom might be a good hiding place, assuming no one was in there.

Were Tuesdays truck day? God, she hoped not.

Her legs burned, and her chest ached from her unplanned cardio workout. She avoided the gym the way a cat ran from water. Now she was regretting not becoming Eric's workout buddy. She could practically hear him clucking his tongue at her as she panted, already out of breath.

Monica passed one aisle, focusing on the swinging doors in the back. She pushed past the second row, drowning out the snarls behind her, and pretending that stupid, upbeat song wasn't telling her to "spend the night like we're gonna die young."

She stopped short after the third when the backroom door swung open. For a split second, she wondered if it would be easier to just let the undead have her. She was trapped in a tiny ass building with no way out, prolonging the inevitable. The most primal need to survive stopped her, pushing her to keep looking for a way out.

Then, an unexpected stroke of luck occurred. Instead of more undead corpses, a middle-aged vendor with a beer belly and headphones stepped out, wheeling his little handcart of goodies over the threshold of the zombie playground.

"Run," she wheezed, clutching the stitch in her side. "Oh, you stupid bastard, look up and run!"

The problem was that he didn't hear her. He didn't appear to notice anything until the horde behind her changed course and closed in on him. He let out a blood-curdling scream, loud enough to be heard from ten blocks over, and disappeared behind the swinging doors with the cannibals in pursuit.

Unable to offer any help besides a prayer to the Powers That Be, Monica slipped down the aisle with a scoff. What were the odds she'd end up in the freaking soap section?

Somehow, Taylor and Jayson would approve.

She made her way toward the center walkway, pausing long enough to peek around the end cap. The groans all came from the backroom she'd almost foolishly run into like an amateur, pierced by more screams.



A crash behind her made her jump, and she whipped around to face a zombie that had tripped over a stray bottle of detergent that had fallen during the stampede. An idea formed, something her Soap Boys would be crazy enough to try. If their antics hadn't killed anyone yet, surely luck would smile upon her this one time.

She plucked a random bottle of body wash from the shelf and threw it against the wall beside the zombie. There was something satisfying about watching it burst, sending the zombie into a confused frenzy as she looked for the source of the distraction.

Monica sidled to the other side, keeping an eye out for any unwanted visitors as the zombie stumbled down the lane, sniffing the air. Whether the woman was admiring the overwhelming soap scents or looking for her, she couldn't tell. She pushed against the shelf, wincing at the metallic shuddering as it rocked.

"Damn it, come on," she muttered, giving the rickety fixture another shove.

Instead of moving the shelf, the zombie rammed into it with the force of a sledgehammer, sending contents raining down on her. The monster charged again, and the metal stands groaned against the abuse, leaning precariously in her direction.

"Oh, no you don't," she said, bracing her feet against the frayed carpeting that went out of fashion in the late nineties. Her flats slipped against the worn threads, but she held her ground and shoved the shelf in the other direction. The shelf finally gave way, falling with a loud crash against the other shelves across the store, crushing her attacker.

Metal on metal echoed against the walls, followed first by silence, and then by shuffling beneath the shelf.

Well, it was worth a try.

The backroom door swung open again as her undead friends rushed toward the mayhem. Monica took her opportunity to rush toward the pharmacy waiting area, where she spotted one of the pharmacy technicians behind the grate, watching her in wide-eyed horror.

"Corey, open the door!" she whisper-yelled.

"I can't, I blocked it off."

Shit . It was what she would have done, though.

Shit "Then open the grate so I can slide through."

He shook his head. "How do I know you weren't bitten?"

Jesus, were they really having this conversation? Monica didn't have time for this.

She nearly threatened to chop his damn cock off and feed it to the zombies, but then he really wouldn't let her inside. Instead, she hissed through clenched teeth, "I'd be writhing in pain right now if I was. Then I'd be coming after you for breakfast. Now hurry up!"

really Corey inched open the metal cage when the groans and snapping teeth grew louder. Shit! He wasn't moving fast enough.

Monica forced open the grate and slid across the counter on her belly and shoved her purse onto the floor. She'd forgotten all about it until now.

"Seriously! You brought your freaking purse? No wonder women always die first. Now get your flat ass in here already!"

Every muscle in Monica's body screamed from overexertion. Crawling through an enclosed space was so much harder than it looked, especially when a person was barely tall enough to reach the high counter. At 4'11, the whole world was a big place.

Corey roughly pulled her through, where she ungracefully collided with the hard floor on her hands and knees. The metal bars came down with a clang just before several bodies slammed against it, forcing the cage up enough for the first set of arms to slide through.

Corey jumped back with a curse. "Frack, they're strong! Get up and help me close this!"

Monica's knees throbbed and her legs felt like jello from running, but she shakily stood up and slammed the bars down on some old woman's bony wrist. The woman didn't so much as flinch as she renewed her attack with hunger in her eyes and a white earbud cable dangling from her mouth.

Monica grabbed the closest thing next to her, a receipt printer, and bashed it against the woman's hand repeatedly until it retracted. Corey shoved the bars down and held it with shaking arms as Monica clicked all the locks back in place.

The cage rattled but held strong. Now that she was safe for the moment, Monica took a moment to look around and gasp for air. Just as Corey had said, he'd barricaded the door with one of the metal shelves. Bottles of pills littered the floor, and another hastily constructed barrier blocked the drive-through window.

Exhausted, sweaty, and officially scared shitless, Monica sank to the floor. She reached for her phone that had tumbled out of her purse and unlocked the screen.

Corey sat beside her, brushing a stray brown curl away from his eyes. He didn't show his own fear other than the tremors that rocked his body beside hers. Though the banging behind them continued, the pharmacy was the only room built to prevent an actual break-in.

Monica dialed 911 again, but only received a busy signal. Not that it would do much good. Even if someone answered, it wasn't as if there were enough resources to fight off the zombie apocalypse. She and Corey might be safe behind the pharmacy bars, but they were still trapped with no way out.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Five


Taylor

Taylor Bzzt! Bzzt!

Bzzt! Bzzt! Taylor rolled over and groped for his phone on the nightstand, struggling to keep his eyes open in the morning's bright sunlight. Even with blackout curtains, the sun magically peeked through some weird crevice as early as 5:00 am. There was no such thing as blocking light in a desert.

The phone vibrated again, rattling so hard it bumped into the water bottle next to it.

Squinting through one open eye, Taylor closed his hand over the device and held the bright screen near his face, trying to read the tiny text.

' The entire online network crashed at the hospital. Can you assist? '

The entire online network crashed at the hospital. Can you assist? Taylor blinked a few times and rubbed his face. He groaned when he saw the time. 8:30. He should have been at work thirty minutes ago.

He hit the green call icon on the screen and turned on his speaker, settling as deep as he could into his pillow. Despite the late August month rolling into September, Phoenix was still hot enough to cook eggs on a sidewalk. His house was chilled to the temperature of an icebox, allowing him to curl into his favorite blanket, which was just the right weight and texture. He was so relaxed; he decided he could feign sickness and no one would be the wiser.

His team lead, Mikey, picked up on the first ring. "Taylor! Thanks for calling me back! We could really use your help here."

Taylor groaned, hoping he sounded sick enough to get away with not coming in. "Is there anyone else you can call for extra hours? I think my dinner didn't agree with me."

Mikey paused before asking, "Do you have that super-flu too?"

Taylor stiffened. "What super-flu? I just need to take a crap."

He didn't know a single man who couldn't relate to that and wondered why food poisoning suddenly equated to a disease. It was like asking a woman if she was pregnant for something as minor as a headache.

Mikey didn't sound convinced. "Everyone's been calling out for two days. The hospital got so many patients overnight that the systems crashed an hour ago. The news is saying there was something off in the Tropical Tidings soap brand."

A loud, deep laugh erupted from the pit of Taylor's stomach. "Well, there you go. I definitely don't have that super-flu. I wouldn't touch generic soap if someone paid me a million dollars."

A super-flu virus from soap? That was new. At least he could finally stick it to everyone who'd made fun of him over the years for his high-maintenance preferences.

Mikey grumbled on the other end. "I know you're my boss, and it's probably not my place to say you don't sound very sick, but we really need your help. This virus isn't a joke."

Way to lie on the guilt trip , Taylor thought to himself. If there was anything he hated almost as much as generic soap, it was being around sick people. One sneeze would send him into bed for three days. If his mother had been there, she'd have reminded him to do the right thing and help others. Growing up, he'd spent much of his childhood across the globe on humanitarian missions as a reminder of his blessings. He had nothing against helping people; he just hated getting sick.

Way to lie on the guilt trip He sighed and shoved his blanket away, already bemoaning his lost sleep. "Yeah, you're right. I'm getting up. Give me thirty minutes to get ready."

Mikey didn't respond. Just as Taylor finished speaking, screams echoed in the background. Mikey swore, and all Taylor could hear was rustling and the slamming of a door, followed by another string of curses. When he finally addressed Taylor, his voice sounded far away, as if he'd left his phone on the other end of the room. "Don't come to work. Pack your stuff and get the hell out of Phoenix!"



Taylor's heart raced at the sudden change in Mikey's tone. His lead had never given in to panic the entire time they'd known each other. Mikey actually sounded frightened as he grunted as if he was fighting something off.

"What's going on?" When he didn't respond, Taylor shouted into the receiver. "Mikey!"

"Get the hell–ARGGGGGGH!"

Taylor shuddered. Mikey's screams were abruptly cut off by the sounds of moans, gurgles and what sounded like something being shredded. Was the virus causing mass hysteria? People could do horrific things out of fear. The line remained open and screaming continued as gunshots added to the chaos.

"Mikey?" he whispered.

Mikey didn't respond.

Now wide-awake, Taylor ended the call and dialed 911, cursing when he received a busy signal. If he'd woken up on time, he might have been able to help. Instead, he'd selfishly chosen to remain in bed and play sick.

He jumped up, preparing to shower when he heard screeching in the next room. Did ferrets scream? He couldn't be sure, but that sound wasn't normal. Loki sounded like he was dying, especially when the screeching stopped and Jayson started sobbing. What the hell was going on?

Taylor removed the blanket stuffed along the edges of his door. Loki had a horrible habit of squeezing under it and peeing in random corners of his room. That ferret was the Devil incarnate, but Jayson loved it, and who was he to tell his best friend he couldn't have an animal? He and Eric had both seen horrors overseas, and while Taylor personally couldn't relate, he understood the need to have an emotional anchor.

He was just about to knock on Jayson's door when his roommate barrelled out of the room, nearly knocking Taylor over. His sandy hair was disheveled and the body odor was enough to make Taylor gag. Instead of his usual shit-eating grin, Jayson's eyes were hysterical as he tried to slam the door to his room. A blur of tan fur bolted out, and Taylor cringed as the door squished Loki against the frame. Even more disturbing was that Loki didn't seem to notice what should have broken his ribs. White film glossed over the animal's eyes, and yellow-tinged foam dripped from his mouth. He hissed and snapped his teeth as the door bounced against his body.

Jayson jumped backward and ran toward the garage with a snarling Loki on his heels.

"Don't just stand there!" he called over his shoulder. "Lock yourself in your room and don't let him bite you!"

don't Taylor blinked. Jayson loved that animal, and Loki loved him back. Instead of affection, his expression was full of hunger, as if his master was a foreign delicacy, prepared just for him.

loved "What's going on?"

"HIDE, DUMBASS!"

Taylor's eyebrows met his hairline. In the five years they'd been housemates, Jayson had never once raised his voice at anyone. He and Jayson had only ever argued once, and that was when Taylor callously dumped Monica over the soap blunder. Even then, Jayson had remained calm while he berated him for being insensitive and too afraid to commit.

Taylor hated to admit he was overly sensitive. Jayson and Eric knew it, and they both had an annoying habit of treating him with kid gloves. Even Monica was kind to him, and he'd seen her tear Jayson to shreds when she was displeased.

He had no time to be offended as the door to the garage slammed shut and Loki crashed face-first into it. He shook himself off and turned to face Taylor with his fur raised to the sky and hunger in his dead eyes.

Ohhhhh shit . Loki's shoulders rippled as he crouched. Taylor slowly backed away, unable to take his eyes off the ferret's bared teeth. Maybe he should have rethought his decision to allow Jayson to bring him home.

Ohhhhh shit

Loki hissed and sank lower, preparing to spring. Taylor needed to move unless he wanted to share the rabid animal's fate.

He tried to remember how to address this scenario. The closest he'd ever come to wildlife was when he was a child; he'd been on a mission in Africa with his parents, but he'd observed everything from the confines of the Jeep. He didn't count the San Diego Zoo either, considering all the animals lived behind a thick wall of glass.

Taylor's heart hammered wildly and cold sweat beaded along his forehead as he stood paralyzed in place. If he ran, Loki would pounce. If he remained in place, he was still dead meat.

Loki's body folded in on itself like a tightly wound coil. Taylor's eyes flickered toward his room with the door still ajar when Loki leaped, sending Taylor sprinting for his room. He had no time to shut the door; only enough to scramble onto his bed with Loki's teeth barely missing his heel.

He stumbled on the uneven surface of the squishy mattress and lumpy comforter, desperately looking for something to beat Loki back with as he clawed at the sheets and climbed up the bed.

Taylor backed away and lost his footing, falling backward and landing hard on his back. Knowing his time was up, he closed his eyes, waiting for Loki to eat his face.

A deafening bang pierced the air, and Taylor slammed his hands over his ears while curling into a ball. When the expected pain didn't come, Taylor opened his eyes, meeting Jayson's stricken expression behind the barrel of his pistol.

Loki, or what was left of him, laid motionless at Taylor's feet. Chunks of his face littered the floor with bits of flesh and copious amounts of blood splattered across the bed and Taylor's shirt.

Jayson slowly lowered the gun and held out his hand to Taylor. Tears brimmed his friend's red eyes and his jaw twitched, but he somehow maintained his composure as he asked in a tight voice, "Are you okay?"

Taylor nodded and took his hand, unsure if he should say anything or hug him in gratitude and sympathy. Taylor didn't even like Loki, and his heart broke.

He was a bad person. First, he'd ditched work and now his roommate had killed his own animal to save his sorry ass. Granted, it wasn't his fault Loki had gotten sick, but it didn't make him feel better to know he was the reason for anyone's pain.

Jayson blinked, sending fat tears splashing down his cheeks. He sniffed and turned away, most likely not wanting Taylor to see him cry.

"I'm so sorry–"

His roommate's shoulders stiffened, and Taylor watched Jayson's hand tightly clench the gun at his side until his knuckles turned white. His shoulders slowly rose and fell with deep breaths before Jayson relaxed and said, "It's not your fault."

"But–"

Jayson whirled around and silenced him with hardened, emerald eyes. "Don't. I would have had to do it anyway. Go shower and meet me out in the living room. I need to check something."

He took two steps before stopping and tossing over his shoulder, "Not that this applies to you, but stay away from Eric's soap. Loki didn't get sick until he got into it."

Something clicked inside Taylor's brain at the mention of generic soap. Hadn't Mikey just told him there was a super soap virus going around? Taylor opened his mouth to speak, but Jayson had already left the room.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Taylor couldn't remember a time he'd ever showered in under ten minutes. Images of Loki's scattered remains danced across his vision, even when he focused on the gray slate and watched the steam fill the room.

Dead animals and people already creeped him out. Now there was a dead, rabid ferret not even fifty feet away. There was no way he'd ever be able to sleep in his bed again.

He scrubbed himself until his skin was red and raw, still not feeling clean. All the soap in the world wouldn't wash away the morning's horrific scene. He could only wonder how Jayson was holding up.

He wrapped a towel around his waist and snatched a random set of clothes out of his closet, taking care not to step in anything or look at the body. Once he'd tiptoed out of the room, he shut the door and pretended he hadn't just blown Loki to bits. If he couldn't see it, it wasn't there.

Jayson sat on the couch, also freshly showered, with his phone in hand. The TV played on mute, depicting images of mass hysteria across the country.

Jayson shook his head and slapped his hand on his thigh. "It's the fucking zombie apocalypse, and it's all because of generic soap."

The moment the words left his mouth, Jayson laughed. The sound was somewhere between a strangled cat and a sob, but it lightened the mood enough for Jayson to smile.

Taylor joined in with a breathless laugh of his own. "This seems like a horrible time to tell the world, 'we told you so.'"

Jayson's phone buzzed several times, and the color drained from his face as he read the incoming texts.

Taylor sat on the couch, vaguely aware he was still half-naked in only a towel. "What's up?"

Jayson handed him the phone. Taylor stared at Monica's message.

' I don't know if these are going through or if you and Taylor are even okay, but I just wanted to say how sorry I am for being a bitch to you.

I don't know if these are going through or if you and Taylor are even okay, but I just wanted to say how sorry I am for being a bitch to you. Everyone's sick from some virus. I made it into the pharmacy, but now I'm trapped with no way out.

Everyone's sick from some virus. I made it into the pharmacy, but now I'm trapped with no way out. I'd call my parents, but I'm too afraid to find out if they were affected. Even if they aren't, I don't want to worry them over something they can't control.

I'd call my parents, but I'm too afraid to find out if they were affected. Even if they aren't, I don't want to worry them over something they can't control. The emergency lines are down. Jeannie and Taylor didn't answer their phones. I hope they didn't go to work. I hope you're all okay...

The emergency lines are down. Jeannie and Taylor didn't answer their phones. I hope they didn't go to work. I hope you're all okay... You'll probably think I'm weird or crazy, but I had to send this to someone. If you're still alive, get out of Phoenix and avoid any populated area. Keep our friends alive. You're good at that. Keep Taylor out of trouble. 🤣

You'll probably think I'm weird or crazy, but I had to send this to someone. If you're still alive, get out of Phoenix and avoid any populated area. Keep our friends alive. You're good at that. Keep Taylor out of trouble. I don't know what else to say. Stay alive? Don't use generic soap? Oh, and PLEASE don't tell Taylor I was wrong. If I'm going to die here in this cage, I'd like to hold on to my dignity. '

I don't know what else to say. Stay alive? Don't use generic soap? Oh, and PLEASE don't tell Taylor I was wrong. If I'm going to die here in this cage, I'd like to hold on to my dignity. Taylor set the phone down on the table and locked eyes with Jayson. They'd all had their differences, but the thought of Monica, alone and scared, triggered the need to go to her.

"We have to go get her."

Jayson nodded. "Yes, we do, but you can't go with no clothes."

Despite the seriousness of the situation, Taylor snorted. "I could, but I hear zombies are all about brains instead of brawn."

Jayson threw back his head and chortled. "Get dressed while I load up the truck. You're driving."

"And what are you doing?"

Jayson motioned toward his gun. "Playing Shoot-a-Soapie."

Taylor rolled his eyes. They weren't even ten minutes into the zombie apocalypse, and Jayson had already named them.

Taylor was peeved he hadn't thought of it first.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Six


Jayson

Jayson Every zombie apocalypse had its own set of rules. Zombieland had dozens of them, including keeping up with cardio. World War Z introduced sprinters. Resident Evil was full of the biggest jump scares in history. In the Walking Dead, everyone already carried the disease. Books just made up their own shit.

Zombies caused by soap was absurd. Who knew Taylor would end up being the Soap Prophet? Jayson just liked to mess with him. There was no way any of them would live this down.

Jayson slammed a magazine into his Heckler & Koch .45 and inspected the chamber. He worried about giving Taylor a weapon, but it would save his life in a pinch if Jayson missed with his semiautomatic. He really hoped he didn't miss.

He'd just finished loading the back seat of the cab with every firearm he owned and spare ammunition just as Taylor walked into the garage. He arched a dark eyebrow. "Uh... I'm not sure how I feel about this..."

Jayson met his friend's uncertain blue eyes. "Look, with you driving, you're going to need a weapon. We've already seen what Loki was capable of. Imagine people trying to tear your face off."

Taylor cringed and wrinkled his nose. "I'd rather not..."

He tried a different tactic. "What about survival? What about Monica?"

Taylor's mouth curved downward as he shifted back and forth from one foot to the other, like he always did when he was distressed. Jayson knew he'd struck a chord when his friend started running his fingers up and down the length of his forearms.

He didn't make eye contact as he murmured, "You're right. I just... hate violence. I know they're dead and trying to eat our brains, but they were people once. It just doesn't feel right."

Jayson sighed and carefully placed the .45 in Taylor's hand. His friend recoiled and clenched his jaw, but clung to the grip. "Keep it next to you at all times. If a Soapie gets near you, aim for the head and pull the trigger. No hesitation."

Taylor nodded and flicked his eyes toward the contents in the back. "Besides the scary arsenal, what's with the empty duffel bag?"

Jayson looked at the olive military duffel bag, worn from his time in the Army. His stenciled name and last four of his social were barely discernable after countless washes. The familiar bag was comforting in his unknown world of chaos.

"Monica said she was trapped in a pharmacy. Besides food and water, you never know what medications we'll need. I want to have everything we need before we leave. Once we're out of Phoenix, we're on our own."

everything "What about Eric and Jeannie? Reception is still spotty. Shouldn't we wait for them?"

"Of course, but we can only wait twenty-four hours. We're already compromised with Loki's remains scattered across your room."

The look in Taylor's eyes made Jayson feel like such an asshole. Even he had misgivings about potentially leaving his friends behind-part of the Soldier's Creed was to never leave a fallen comrade. The thought of leaving his friends behind to die sickened him, yet another part of the Soldier's Creed was to always place the mission first. Their mission was to rescue Monica, get supplies, and survive.

It was a crummy situation all around.

Taylor sucked in a sharp breath. He had to be one of the most loyal people Jayson knew, and he'd do anything for his friends. What worried Jayson was the mental toll this would take on him. He was innocent and good, but he also had no survival skills or the ability to adapt well to change.



He pulled his keys out of his pocket and handed them to Taylor. "Let's go. Just focus on driving. I'll get us through the rest, okay?"

"Okay," he mumbled, not sounding entirely convinced.

If Jayson was being honest, he didn't believe they'd come out alive either.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "We've got incoming Soapies," Taylor said through Jayson's earpiece.

"I see 'em. Keep driving, I'll pick them off. Don't be afraid to step on the gas and run them over."

When they'd pulled out of the garage, Jayson was already standing in the back of the truck, propping his rifle against the hood of the truck as he watched for signs of trouble. Everyone in their cul-de-sac had either already attempted to leave town, or they'd gone to work for the day. Thankfully, his and Monica's drugstore was less than a mile away, making it somewhat easier to get down the street. The major highways were what would be scary later.

Taylor did as he was told, speeding up enough that Jayson had to brace his feet against the bed of the truck when it jerked. Once he regained his footing, he rested his cheek against the buttstock and pressed the rifle into his shoulder, taking steady breaths as he set his sights on the Soapies ahead of them. The group was reasonably large, numbering a little over a dozen, but it was nothing Jayson couldn't pick off. So far, they hadn't noticed the duo.

He breathed. In. Out. In. Out.

His finger lightly rested on the trigger, squeezing just enough that the shot wouldn't jerk to the left or right. The pushback and all-too-familiar pop brought him back to his time in Afghanistan, and the Soapie dropped.

The truck jerked, sending Jayson crashing to his knees on the bed of the truck. "Damnit, Taylor, keep it steady!"

"Sorry! I've never heard a gun go off!"

Jayson ignored the throbbing in his knees as he tried to stand when the truck made contact, sending a Soapie sailing over Jayson's head as Taylor grunted through the earpiece. He watched in sick fascination as the zombie flew in a perfect, slow-motion arc before clashing with the asphalt and rolling.

"Nice! Keep going, we're almost there!" he shouted, reclaiming his position and firing off several rounds, dropping his targets in rapid succession as Taylor ran over several others.

The truck bounced heavily over the bodies with a thump, and Jayson wondered if it would have been a better idea to jerry-rig a harness or to have bought the sunroof upgrade.

Too late now. All he could do was hope he didn't fall out.

Just as they pulled into the parking lot, Queen's 'Don't Stop Me Now' blared through his earpiece and the parking lot. Soapies from all over turned toward the source of the noise.

Jayson gritted his teeth at the feedback. "What are you doing?"

"Soapie bowling. You get to shoot, I get to bowl," he chirped as if it should have been obvious.



"What's with the music?" he asked, firing off another set of rounds at the oncoming swarm.

"I need a distraction and sound seems to attract their attention. Now shut up and shoot a Soapie so I can concentrate."

Jayson laughed as Taylor spun circles around the lot, picking up speed as he slammed into one Soapie after another, singing as he went.

"Don't stop me now...I'm havin' such a good time. I'm havin' a ball..."

He sang along, "Don't stop me now..." Pop! "Don't stop me now..." Pop!

Pop! Pop! "Cause I'm havin' a good time, and I don't wanna stop at all..." they sang together, snickering as they went.

One of the remaining Soapies landed in the bed, snarling and clawing at Jayson's jeans.

"Shit!"

He spun around and twirled his rifle in one hand like a golf club, twisting the Soapie's neck with a crack.

"What's going on?"

Jayson unsheathed a ten-inch hunting knife from his belt and plunged it into his assailant's forehead. "Oh, you know, stabbing Soapies. Nothing to see back here-Oof!"

They rolled over another body, and Jayson nearly went over the side, coming precariously close to becoming a human breakfast scramble. It was a strain to brace himself as the truck careened in another dizzying circle. The next turn threw Jayson backward against the side.

The pain was real, and Taylor's driving sucked, but at least they were alive. He could be a hypocrite and criticize him later. The last thing Taylor needed was to shut down under stress.

"How many more do we have?" Jayson asked.

The music died and Taylor slowed down, taking them around the back where the drive-through was located. "We're all done for now. Let's just try to get her out without attracting any more company."

"Sounds like a plan," Jayson groaned, dabbing at the bump on his head. A quick assessment of his leg only showed a tear in his jeans, but no broken skin. Thank God for small favors.

The front door slammed, and Taylor ran to open the tailgate. He pulled his shirt over his nose. "Ugh! You alright?"

Two Taylors swam into Jayson's vision and his voice sounded off as he attempted to stand, only to fall back down. Taylor hauled himself up and pushed against the Soapie with the toe of his shoe. Jayson snort-laughed. "If you want to shove his ass out, you're gonna have to actually use your hands."

"Ew. I'm worried about leaving you out here like this. I'm gonna knock on the window, okay?"

"Sure," he slurred. "I wasn't bitten," he drawled. "Just so you know..."

Taylor froze, giving Jayson a more thorough inspection. "Oh, I figured you'd have said something," he said sheepishly.

"Zom—Soapie Survival 101, question everything."

Taylor released an exasperated breath. "I'm sorry if I'm not as skilled at surviving the apocalypse as you are, Rambo. At least I'm trying."

Crap. Taylor had tried, and he'd kept them alive. "Dude, I'm sorry. It's been a rough morning. You did great."

and "Yeah, whatever, man. Let's hurry up and get Monica. I don't like being out in the open."

Taylor hopped down and ran up to the drive-through window, banging on it in a pattern. Maybe he had some skills after all. Anyone would know that wasn't a zombie knock.

"Monica, open up! It's us!"

When no one answered, Taylor knocked again with the same pattern and called out a little louder. "Monica!"

Jayson heard the truck door slam and felt the truck shift under Taylor's weight. "Jayson, see if you can close the tailgate," he said through the earpiece. "I'm trying to text Monica in case she can't hear us through the window."

Jayson groaned. "We're gonna have to go inside."

Taylor cursed. "You can barely stand and I'm not as confident as you with a firearm..."

"You've got this. Just aim and pull the trigger."

got "I-"

"Taylor. You can do this." Jayson wasn't sure how true that was but he wanted to believe in him. He just needed a boost.

"I can't," he whispered. "My only talent is finding high-end soap. They'll probably sniff me out by my sweet scent alone."

Jayson couldn't help the laugh that escaped. "You're stronger than you know. You just have to believe in yourself."

Taylor sighed loudly over the earpiece. "Alright. I'll park right next to the door. Get inside the truck and lock the door. I don't want you out in the open."

Jayson's head swam as the truck rumbled to life and moved again. He prayed he wasn't sending Taylor to a premature death.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Seven


Taylor

Taylor Sometimes a person knew when their time was up. Whoever said their lives flashed before their eyes were full of crap. There wasn't much to see anyway unless it involved a bunch of Soapies out for his sweet flesh. He hadn't been lying about that, given this whole apocalypse started with soap.

It was all Tropical Tidings' fault. Generic soap shouldn't be allowed, but there were laws about these kinds of things. High-end soap should rule all, and that was that.

Now, he was facing a drugstore full of cannibals, looking for a friend who may or may not be alive.

It's the right thing to do, he told himself. Jayson killed Loki for you.

It's the right thing to do, Jayson killed Loki for you. Doing the right thing sucked.

Taylor drew in a deep breath and clutched the rifle Jayson had given him. He doubted he was even holding it right—Jayson had only given it to him because he was loopier than a damn crazy straw, belting out random lyrics to Panic! at the Disco. For once, Taylor felt like he had more survival skills than his gung-ho friend. It was a scary thought.

He wondered if Jayson had a silencer somewhere in the truck but it wouldn't do him any good if he didn't know what it looked like or how to put it on even if he did.

Taylor closed his eyes and counted to five, remembering Jack in an episode of Lost. He'd allow himself five seconds of fear before diving into the unknown.

"One..." It's okay, just give in for four more seconds. "Two..." Tremors raced through his limbs, and he had to press his rifle into his chest. "Three..." I don't want to die. "Four..." Pain lanced through his chest as the terror threatened to engulf him with the force of a tsunami. "Five."

It's okay, just give in for four more seconds. His last count came out no louder than a whisper in the wind. It was time.

Taylor took one shaky step after another until he was just out of range of the automatic door. His legs felt like wet noodles.

"For Monica," he murmured.

Holding his weapon in what he hoped was a suitable position, he stepped forward, and the door hissed open. The moans and banging in the back of the store stopped, and Taylor froze.

How good was their hearing? Could they smell him, even over the stench?

Apparently, they could. The moans resumed and feet shuffled towards him. He impulsively squeezed the trigger, only for it to move a centimeter and do nothing.

Shit, shit, shit!

Shit, shit, shit! Why wasn't it working? And holy shit, there were dozens of them!

Screw swallowing back his fear. He wasn't brave. He ran back out the door and toward the truck, yanking open the door and revving the engine before he could even buckle his seatbelt. He'd barely slammed the door shut when dozens of Soapies spilled out of the building, all looking for their next meal.

Jayson groaned in the back seat. "Where's Monica?" he slurred.

"There are too many," he said in a small voice. "I was hoping to lure them out."

Why couldn't he be fearless like his friends?

Jayson sighed but said nothing while Taylor pretended the obvious disappointment didn't bother him or make him feel useless. Instead, he peeled out of the spot, taking a few Soapies with him. He knew he should turn on the stereo again and make noise, but it wasn't as fun this time around.

He made quick work of their company in silence except for the occasional thump of a body beneath his tires. He may not have been exciting or a badass like Jayson, but his methods were just as effective.



He circled the parking lot two more times, obnoxiously pressing down on the horn to attract more Soapies.

"What are you doing?" Jayson shouted from the back seat, making Taylor flinch. "You're practically inviting the entire Phoenix Soap community with that noise!"

Taylor released the horn and glanced at the rearview mirror. "Damnit."

At least fifty Soapies speed-waddled off the street, making their way toward the source of the horn. Each one had a hungry expression in their eyes. Taylor didn't even want to know what was hanging from their teeth. Damn, he was such an idiot.

Jayson groaned and grabbed a rifle as he opened the back door windows and the slider. "God, you're useless," he mumbled.

Whether he wasn't being quiet enough or Taylor just had superb hearing, the engine and moans weren't enough to block out his snide comment. It was the truth, but it still hurt.

"Try not to send me out of the truck this time," he snapped. "And whatever you do, don't stop the vehicle. I don't want any more surprises."

Okay, they were both having a bad day. Jayson wasn't normally this rude. Taylor was also used to driving his Lexus and not running over things with it. Animals had died, people had reanimated, and everything was trying to eat them. Jayson was hurt because of him and now had no choice but to pick off the horde because he was too cowardly to go into the store. Maybe he deserved to die early.

not A series of rapid shots fired-Jayson must have had the semi-automatic function turned on-and Taylor tried to keep the wheel straight as he jumped in his seat.

Pop, pop, pop! Pop, pop, pop !

Pop, pop, pop! Pop, pop, pop After two minutes, he could no longer hear anything over the ringing in his ears. He hoped this damage wouldn't be permanent. He also prayed they wouldn't run out of ammo.

He only stopped driving when Jayson crawled out of the back and slid into the front seat. He said something-Taylor just couldn't hear him.

"What?"

Jayson motioned toward the store and Taylor nodded, pulling back into his spot in front of the door. He checked his surroundings before reaching for the handgun beside him.

Jayson lifted an eyebrow and said something that sounded like mumbles. He imagined his ears would ring for a while and shook his head. Jayson pointed to the .45 and then the rifle.

"I'd feel better with this," he shouted. He could hear himself at least, so that was something.

Jayson grinned and put a finger to his lips. He squinted, still looking dazed, but he appeared to be more aware that he'd been earlier. Taylor worried about leaving him alone in case he had a concussion and fell asleep, but there was nothing to be done about it. He needed to check on Monica. With the store mostly emptied, he had more hope of taking on his undead friends.

"Bag?" Taylor asked.

Jayson's movements were slow, as if he were confused, and it took him a moment to find the duffel bag. Taylor took it with what he hoped was more of a smile than a grimace. This could be the last time they saw each other, and despite Jayson's comments, they were still best friends. If he died, he'd do it with them knowing there were no hard feelings.

"I'll be back," Taylor said in a softer voice. "Try not to fall asleep. I'll be in and out before you know it."

Jayson answered with a thumbs up, and Taylor hopped out of the truck, closing the door as quietly as he could and securing the bag's straps to his shoulders. He scanned the parking lot one more time. When no Soapies appeared, he checked the safety on the weapon and walked back inside, checking every little corner. His hearing was slowly coming back, but it left him at a tremendous disadvantage if someone came up behind him.



Nothing jumped out, so he took a moment to marvel at the destruction. Shelves and merchandise littered the floor from one end of the store to the other. Makeup lay scattered at his feet, while other substances he didn't care to identify stained the frayed carpeting. His eyes landed on what appeared to be a trail of blood and body parts beside a room near the office.

It was a miracle Monica survived.

Taylor slowly walked down the center aisle, taking care to step as quietly as possible. He stopped just before each row to scout for Soapies, but so far, he'd been clear. By the time he reached the edge of the last row, the ringing had finally died to a low hum. In fact, he was sure he heard muffled moans coming from the back room where all the shelves were smashed.

He took cover in the last aisle and ran on the balls of his feet until he reached the end. A quick peek behind the shelf filled him with a sense of hope. The area in front of the pharmacy was clear, though the cage had taken a significant beating. The metal grille was dented in several places, and though the door itself had remained in place, he could see where it nearly splintered against the frame. Thankfully, the glass windows were up high enough to not take any damage or Monica really would have been in trouble.

The moan grew louder into a snarl that very much reminded him of Loki. Had it only been an hour since the outbreak? It felt like a lifetime.

The Soapie had to be tracking him by smell. He'd have to give up his soap if he didn't want to attract any unwanted attention—already, the thought was devastating and he wanted another shower.

Taylor inched toward the corner and lifted his gun. He'd only get one shot, and he needed to make it count.

' Aim for the head and pull the trigger. No hesitation. '

Aim for the head and pull the trigger. No hesitation. Taylor mentally repeated Jayson's words over and over until they became a mantra. He inhaled a deep breath and stepped out of his hiding place, ready to take aim and fire. The Soapie, a middle-aged vendor with the body of a man who drank a case of beer each night, locked eyes with his. Half of his face had been chewed off, exposing the tendons in his neck. Blood continued to ooze from his wounds, staining his canary shirt scarlet, occasionally coming out in spurts when he snarled.

A wave of dizziness threatened to send Taylor to the ground, but he forced himself to focus as the man rushed toward him with the speed of California drivers.

Taylor's first shot went wide, agitating the man further. He thought he heard someone yelp through the cage, though that could have been his own ringing ears.

Keeping his gun steady, he fired again, this time missing the man's head by an inch.

Crap.

Not even ten feet away, this was literally Taylor's last shot. The man's arms extended as if to hug him, and Taylor fired. This time, the bullet found its mark and the poor Soapie collapsed in a heap at Taylor's feet.

Up close, the stench was overwhelming and Taylor had to cover his nose with his shirt as he scanned the aisles one last time. The ringing intensified, though it wasn't as bad as it had been in the truck. Certain the building was finally clear, Taylor ran to the bars. "Monica?"

"Taylor?" Her voice was muffled with the same quality of sound one would hear underwater, but it was undeniably hers. He expelled a heavy breath and grinned.

"I can barely hear you with all the ringing in my ears, but I'm so happy you're alive. Can you let me in?"

A man's voice carried through the bars, too low to understand. He caught the gist of the comment by Monica's shrill response to piss off. He had to say he agreed.

Jayson's earlier words to always ask questions came back to him. The guy was probably being cautious, so Taylor said, "The building's clear. Jayson and I lured them out, and we took them out for Ten Pin Soap Bowling."

They responded with silence before Monica's laugh pierced the air, and she asked, "Ten-Pin-What-Bowling?"

At least, he thought that was what she asked.

"Soapy virus, soapy name," he said cheerfully. "Now let me in or I'll leave your asses behind."

He wouldn't really leave them behind, but he hoped it was incentive enough to let him inside.

The locks to the gate opened with a click and within seconds, the cage slowly rolled up, stopping halfway when the dented bars met the ceiling. Still, it was enough for Taylor to shimmy across the counter and through the bars.

He landed on his feet and met Monica with his arms opened wide. She melted into his embrace, clinging to him as if her life depended on it. He didn't hear what she was saying through her tears and face pressed into his chest. He held her until she calmed down enough to break contact and wipe away tears, smudging her mascara.

"I'm so happy you're here!" she squealed. "I didn't think–"

Monica promptly closed her mouth. Taylor didn't blame her. Of all of their friends, he was the least likely to survive, so he immediately forgave her. He wouldn't bet money on himself either. Instead, he replied with, "I told you not to buy generic soap."

He was rewarded with a smack on the arm. He took it all with good humor. All they had left to do was collect the medicine, rendezvous with their friends, and get the hell out of Phoenix. And while they were at it, he might as well raid the liquor from the shelves and drink himself into oblivion the first chance he got.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Eight


Eric

Eric Living in Phoenix had advantages—lit streets, more jobs, and the ability to have food delivered until 2:00 am.

The disadvantage—it became a scene out of every bad disaster movie known to mankind the moment anything happened.

If a raindrop fell, a sixty-nine car pileup ensued. If it snowed, everyone slid off the road like Armageddon had struck.

The zombie apocalypse? That was a bit tricky. For the zombies, food was easy. They got their cardio in and their food delivered via panicked, running people. People became cowboys Wild West and redneck style, bringing out the guns and crossbows.

Eric wondered how humans hadn't gone extinct sooner.

He had been careful to avoid the freeway-everyone used freeways in disaster movies. That and it was a doctrine that no one in Arizona knew how to drive, especially cops. The only state with worse drivers was Texas, and that was because one, there were more of them, and two, they were too busy hopping county lines to buy alcohol.

Not that he would know that from his younger days in Fort Hood...

The drive from the bank to Jeannie's apartment should have only taken fifteen minutes. Instead, he'd barely made it two miles before he found himself stuck at an intersection with several cars piled on top of each other and people running, both undead and soon to be undead.

He needed a way around. People were abandoning their vehicles left and right, running straight into the zombies' line of sight like pigs heading toward a slaughterhouse. Bacon suddenly felt very unappetizing as he watched a sprinter rip into someone on the sidewalk before moving on to the next victim, with bits of tissue dangling from her mouth.

A motorcycle roared down the road, speeding between vehicles, ignoring the zombies giving chase as he drove onto the sidewalk. He had to give the guy credit and wondered if he'd been a cop at some point to attempt that sort of crazy ingenuity.

Eric figured Motocop's plan was better than waiting to be on the menu, so he pressed the accelerator and turned, wincing at the squeal of metal on metal. As long as his truck was functional, nothing else mattered.

At least that's what he told himself as he nudged the other vehicles out of the way, watching them fold inward like soda cans.

No one was around to swear at him or threaten him for his bad driving-something someone had been stupid enough to try once after slamming into him the previous year. He glanced through his windshield just in time to see several zombies look up and turn toward the grinding metal noise. Apparently, he'd drawn their attention over the easily accessible screamers.

"Damn it!"

Eric continued his slow crawl through traffic and reached for his glove box, only to realize it was locked and the key was in the ignition.

He cursed again. So much for his gun. He'd have to power through and hope for the best. He had one more lane to squeeze his Ford F-150 through before he touched ground with the sidewalk which came with its own set of complications, such as road signs in his way.

He barely made it into the last lane when the driver side front door glass shattered, raining rounded pieces of tempered glass on his arm.

He swerved while instinctively reaching for his mallet. In one fluid motion, he released the steering wheel long enough to bash the poor bastard's hand before gripping the wheel again and realigning himself toward his destination.

Twenty feet. Another zombie and a smash to the face. Ten feet-almost there.

"Come on, come on," Eric said through gritted teeth. He forced himself to relax his death grip on the wheel in case he needed his hammer, but it was difficult knowing he was so close to booking it out of the street.



He made it past the last car and went to push on the accelerator when pain tore through his arm. An extensive set of gold acrylic fingernails raked across his skin, and the only thing preventing the woman from biting him was the movement of the vehicle. A mallet to the face dispensed of his attacker, sending her backward long enough for him to step on the gas, but the damage was done. The scratches went deep, and the woman's nails had broken the skin, leaving an angry trail of red marks and small droplets of blood.

Now that he was out of the intersection, he was free to drive along the sidewalk and part of the road until he could take a quieter side street and assess his situation. Knowing nothing about the virus or how it was transmitted, he could very well be a dead man walking. The question was how much time he had left and if he could get his girlfriend to safety. The other moral dilemma was if he should even attempt it.

Eric pulled over in an empty neighborhood a mile away from Jeannie's apartment complex and took a moment to breathe. The side streets were normally quiet this time of the day, because kids were in school and people were at work. The sun shined and the city baked in the high temperature like it always did this time of the year. What little grass there was in the desert landscape glistened under mini-rainbows as sprinklers rained water across the lawns. A few cars sat untouched in driveways and for a moment, everything almost felt normal.

The sight was an illusion. With the outbreak, more people would become infected and many more would die. He wondered how quickly the U.S. would fall and, by extension, the world.

He shook his head and gripped the steering wheel. What had been the point of surviving the bank if he was going to be infected, anyway? He didn't feel any different, but that didn't mean he wouldn't eventually turn.

What would it mean for Jeannie? Was she even alive?

An image of her being torn apart danced across his vision like a horrible nightmare, freezing his blood and making his heart race. No matter what happened, he needed to know her fate. If he was lucky, he'd have time to check on his mother. Maybe he wasn't infected, and he was being paranoid.

There was only one way to find out.

Before he moved on, Eric unlocked the glove box and retrieved his gun. Either he could give it to Jeannie for protection or he could take the shot that would keep him from turning.

He restarted the truck and drove. Chaos didn't ensure again until he reached Jeannie's apartment buildings, where zombies en mass ran throughout the complex, taking down anyone in sight. Unlike the intersection, the undead paid him no mind as he reached for his mallet and pocketed his gun. Shots rang out from different directions, drawing the zombies' attention from their meals.

So many people fell-old, young, some still clad in pajamas while others wore work clothes. Every single person dropped within seconds, spending their last moments screaming before they were torn apart beyond recognition or joined the cannibals.

Eric scanned the courtyard for any signs of Jeannie, desperately praying she was safe. He didn't want to think about killing his girlfriend, even if she became a monster. It'd be like committing suicide.

A whooshing noise to his far-right on the second floor caught his attention, and he snapped his head up in time to watch dozens of the undead run in a daze as their bodies went up in fire. Who the hell was using a flamethrower and where could he get one? His mallet was dinky in comparison and he couldn't help being jealous of the better weapon.

A tangle of blonde waves behind the fire appeared, and his heart stopped. Jeannie . The flames stopped long enough for her to turn and light up another wave of zombies. Was that a can of hairspray? And for God's sake, why was she wearing flip-flops covered in blood?

Jeannie Eric ran into the melee, swinging his hammer at anything stupid enough to cross his path. His arm itched from where that woman had scratched him, and he was already succumbing to fatigue. He pushed past his discomfort and approached the stairs where blood trickled down like a dripping faucet. His foot slid against the sticky substance, nearly sending him down the steps. He barely caught the railing and slammed his armpit against the metal. Tears sprang to his eyes, and he swallowed back a scream—it was a place no one wanted to be hit in a martial arts session.

He blew out a shaking breath and continued his climb, taking care to watch out for more blood. A fire that had nothing to do with Jeannie's makeshift flamethrower raced through his veins, and a glance told him the virus was contagious as the scratch marks on his arm festered and swelled.

He wasn't sure how he felt, knowing his time was up. He'd led a good life despite some mistakes, but at least he'd lived. He'd been divorced and gone to war, but he'd also experienced love through his marriage while it lasted and gained a wonderful group of friends. Jeannie was everything to him, and in a perfect world, they'd have started a family together. Now all that mattered was getting her out alive so she could survive.

Eric reached the last step and looked for the flames, but all he could see were burning zombies through hazy vision. He didn't remember his eyesight being blurry a moment ago. Acrid flesh burnt his nostrils and his heart raced beyond anything that could be healthy. He was vaguely aware that he was still looking for his girlfriend, which had been the entire point of fighting off the zombies. A familiar shriek echoed across the walkway, bringing his focus toward a group of undead closing into a tight circle near the railing. With nothing left to lose, he swung wildly until there was nothing but a pile of putrid corpses at his feet.

The hammer became too much to lift, and it fell to the ground. Jeannie stood in front of him, beautiful despite her tangled hair and bloody feet. She didn't seem hurt, and he only hoped he could get her out in time. Except he couldn't because even his legs were too heavy with lead to keep him upright. He collapsed, barely noticing the impact. It was okay-she was there-the love of his life.

Her touch was both familiar and foreign as she knelt beside him. Was she crying? He wanted to stroke her hair and tell her it was okay—that she'd be okay, but his arms just wouldn't move. "Jean Bean," he croaked. There was something he needed to tell her. God, it was so hot. Something dug into his hip, giving him a moment of clarity. "My gun. Take it. Aim...for my head."

She shook her head wildly, saying something unintelligible.

"Please..."

Eric could barely see, think, or feel. Jeannie was nothing more than a blur of colors, as if he looked through a set of glasses that didn't belong to him. Her voice was already far away. All he knew was that he didn't have long, and he didn't want to become a monster.

"I...love you, Jean Bean..."

Something cold pressed against his head, shaking fiercely. The image of a beautiful blonde and her broken, brown eyes were the last thing he saw before a bang exploded through the air and everything went black.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Nine


Jeannie

Jeannie There was only one thing worse than the zombie apocalypse, and it wasn't Tuesday.

Eric's corpse lay in Jeannie's lap with his empty jade eyes staring blankly ahead as a trail of blood dripped into his sandy hair. Deep red patches stained his blue button-up shirt, and the creases he spent so much time placing into it each night were missing, replaced by tears, wrinkles, and sweat. Bits of flesh clung to his salmon-colored argyle tie, staining it beyond recognition. Jeannie hated that thing so much, and they'd laughed as they'd turned it into a game of hide-and-seek, almost always ending with him tying her up with it. He had affectionately referred to it as their baby-making tie. Those dreams of starting a family and being together died with him and that stupid strip of pink fabric.

"I'm so sorry," she sobbed, stroking his hair. Red lines spidered from scratches on his arm and white film had settled over his eyes by the time she pulled the trigger. Blood streamed from his mouth as his body spasmed between words, yet he'd remained coherent enough to gurgle his wish to not join the others.

He'd come for her just to die in her arms.

"It should have been me." Her throat was so painfully tight, and she couldn't hold back the deluge of tears.

I killed him .

I killed him The virus had infected him, but she'd pulled the trigger. She'd killed her boyfriend. No matter how much he wanted to die as himself, it wasn't fair for her to be the one to kill him. They were going to grow old together.

Someone—something moaned nearby. She marveled at how one little noise could snap a person's sanity, and she suddenly understood Eric's PTSD. She could read about it and see it through Eric, but it was a unique thing to lose sight of the world around her. All she could see was herself pulling the trigger as he uttered his dying words—she could feel the weight of the gun in her hand and the pressure of her finger squeezing the trigger-She could hear the round leaving the chamber as it ended his life.

feel hear They did this.

Some piece of shit, sketchy company killed everyone.

They killed Eric. Not her.

She closed Eric's eyes and pretended he was only resting and that he didn't have a bullet lodged into his forehead. At least now he could rest peacefully, never worrying about becoming the monster he saved her from. She'd survive-for him.

Everything she did was for him.

"I love you."

She reached into his pocket for his keys and wallet, blinking back a fresh wave of tears. Everything around her was distorted except for moans and gunshots ringing across the complex.

More than anything, she wanted to run back to her apartment for a keepsake—anything to hold on to during the apocalypse. Unfortunately, there was no time. She needed to get out. Otherwise, Eric's sacrifice would have meant nothing.

He deserved better.

She forced herself not to look at him and scanned the complex as she stood up. Eric had taken out anything she hadn't lit on fire, and the zombies downstairs all ran straight toward the source of the gunfire. In a very selfish way, she was glad other people were still shooting if it meant drawing the horde's attention away from her. She was out of hairspray and she'd dropped her lighter when she'd been cornered. She was also certain she wouldn't be able to fire Eric's gun with any accuracy, and it would only invite the zombies over, anyway.

She hastily tucked the gun into the elastic waistband of her shorts, hoping she wouldn't shoot her buttcheek off as she ran. She then cautiously took the stairs and avoided the railing as she searched for any threat. Corpses littered the ground, staining the sidewalk with crimson puddles and body parts. Innards of every type lay strewn across the complex like a badly decorated Halloween party. A powder blue toddler shoe attached to a tiny foot peeked out from beneath a shrub.



The parking lot wasn't far and Eric's mangled black Ford sat prominently against the curb, waiting to be driven. All she had to do was get to it.

The screams had died down, either because everyone was already dead or because people had been smart enough to hide. The moans became more distant with each step she took. She wondered what would happen once she reached the parking lot, but only the truck greeted her. It was as if the universe was paying her a tithe for taking Eric away.

The driver's side door was heavily dented, and it took two powerful tugs to pry it open. The glass was gone and claw marks raked across the paint. She could only imagine what Eric had done to get out of work for his beloved truck to find itself in this condition.

Just as she placed her foot on the nerf bars, a hand buried itself in her hair down to the roots, yanking her backward and slamming her against the rear door. The grip on her hair tightened, ripping several strands from her skull. A yelp escaped as she tried to move and see past the stars in her vision, only for her head to be smashed against the glass.

"Give me the keys," a deep voice ordered.

"No," she squeaked, unable to shake her head without losing more hair. A man twice her size towered over her, glaring at her in feral desperation. She estimated him to be somewhere in his forties, slightly overweight in his compact frame but still strong enough to overpower her. His salt and pepper hair stuck out in several directions and sharing cream flaked against his half-shaven face.

He cracked his free hand over her cheek, sending a jab of pain deep into the bone. "You're dead anyway," he snarled, flicking his eyes toward her feet.

Dumbass . He wasn't in his right mind to check for bites or scratches, and terrified people often committed atrocities in times of hysteria.

Dumbass A memory of Monica came to her, where she'd once explained her love of disaster movies. It wasn't about the science or accuracy-it was the story and who a character became in the chaos. A lot could be revealed about someone in a disaster. Good people turned on each other while the screw-ups saved the day.

Except this wasn't a disaster movie. The truth of every man for himself stood before her, willing to kill her if it meant taking Eric's truck. His icy blue glare told her he would have his way with no questions asked.

Heat flared where she'd been slapped, and her cheek throbbed as she defiantly glared back in silence.

The man's scowl deepened, and the wrinkles creasing his forehead aged him ten years. He released a sharp whistle and reached for Jeannie's clenched hand, forcefully prying it open. "Those zombies are gonna be here any minute. Give. Me. The keys!"

Had Eric been alive, he'd have ripped this bastard in half. He'd never have stood for this behavior, and he'd taught her basic self-defense moves for situations like these. His dimpled smile as he wrapped his arms around her waist swam in front of her vision, and all she could think about was living for the man she loved. He'd never hold her again, never tell her he loved her or sing off-key as he cooked dinner.

Injustice over losing him bubbled inside Jeannie's chest, bypassing simmering and bursting into a fully boiled rage. She kicked his shin and stomped on his shoes. The action was enough to distract him from his pursuit of the keys and she kneed him in the groin, sending him doubling over in pain. He released his hold on her hair, and blood rushed back into her head the way it did when her hair was pulled back too tight.

He reached for her again and she scurried backward, bumping against the open cab door. Something hard dug into her hip and she remembered the gun. The man stumbled forward and Jeannie whipped out her weapon, aiming straight for his head. "Back off," she breathed. "I've already shot my boyfriend and I won't lose any sleep over you."



He held his crotch with one hand and shot her a malicious glare. Moans and the shuffling of feet drew nearer, and Jeannie knew she was out of time. Her attacker seemed to know it too, and he lunged toward her in a desperate attempt to escape. Jeannie fired, and the pushback shoved her backward into the door as the shot went wide. The man howled and hit the ground, clutching his kneecap.

Jeannie would have been horrified by her actions if the zombies hadn't all started closing in on them. She climbed into the truck and turned the ignition. As she slammed the door shut, the man whimpered, "You can't just leave me."

In any other life or universe, she would have agreed. After everything she'd witnessed in the brief space of an hour, her heart had hardened to form a diamond—cold, sharp, and impenetrable. He didn't deserve her pity or any words. He'd attacked her and called the zombies on them. He would have left her for dead, and that was exactly what she was doing to him.

She slammed down on the accelerator and drove, never once looking back at the zombies digging into their free meal.

She should have been appalled. Instead, she was empty. When Eric had died, so had she.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Jeannie didn't know how long she drove or how she ended up in Eric's driveway. The entire drive was silent, with only an occasional sighting. With hardly any traffic to hinder her progress, she sped down the streets, leaving the undead in the dust.

She sat in the truck, with its engine still rumbling, rocking back and forth in the driver's seat. Glass dug into her sleep shorts, piercing her ass, but she didn't care. Part of her wished the zombies would take her too, yet there wasn't a single one in sight as she sat in the empty cul-de-sac. The frigid AC blew against her face and the familiar clean interior scent filled her nostrils. The detail, gray and black upholstery, and the cigarettes hidden beneath the seat all sent her gasping for air.

She hated smoking. She and Eric would have fought over it, yet she suddenly had a desire to light up. If she could take back every argument and cruel word, she would have if it meant she could have him back. This could be her tribute.

With shaking hands, she opened the pack and withdraw a lighter and cigarette. She traced the green camel on the white package, wondering why Eric liked Camels over Marlboros. What made them different from Newports or Virginia Slims? Cigarettes killed everyone with the same disease in the end anyway. Maybe Eric had been right to smoke. He believed life was too short to waste on anxiety over things like cancer. She'd seen an episode of Family Guy once where the characters theorized that stars gave a person cancer.

Jeannie laughed softly as she held the cigarette between her lips and lit it. So much for cancer. She coughed violently when she took her first drag, wondering how in the hell Eric found this enjoyable. Still, she wanted to finish this. It could be like the last meal he was denied or some stupid shit.

She leaned back in the seat, feeling dizzy from the nicotine buzz. Her lips tingled and her mouth tasted like a minty ashtray. Before she knew it, the cigarette had burnt itself down to the butt, and she realized she wasn't ready to let go. She was about to light up again when the garage door opened and Jayson came out with a rifle in hand, pointing it directly at her through the windshield.



She hoped he would pull the trigger.

"Were you bitten?" he demanded.

She shook her head. Jayson held his fire and carefully walked around the truck, stopping at the driver's side window. His turquoise eyes scanned the interior and stopped on her, and his jaw tightened. Jeannie didn't have to say anything for Jayson to know the horrible truth.

He swallowed and lowered the rifle. "How?" he whispered.

Jeannie's throat squeezed shut, and she shook her head, unsuccessfully sniffing back the tears that refused to stop. She must have cried out every last drop of water in her body, and still, the salty tears streamed down her cheeks. Tears dripped down Jayson's cheeks and Jeannie burst into loud, anguished sobs. It didn't matter how Eric had died. He was gone and never coming back.

Jayson pulled the door open and pulled Jeannie out of the truck, leading her into the stuffy garage before cutting the engine and lowering the garage door. Once the last sliver of sunlight gave way to the darkness, Jayson pulled her into his arms. His body shook in silence, his tears only occasionally betrayed by a sniffle. Jeannie sank to the floor and took Jayson with her as she cried, screamed, and pounded her hands against the concrete.

The interior door leading into the living room opened, and Monica and Taylor both ran to her, looking worse for the wear. Monica's clothes were torn and her dark curls reminded Jeannie of a Barbie who'd been neglected by a four-year-old. Taylor's gray shirt was drenched in sweat and his eyes were wide as he watched the group in silence. He stood off to the side a bit, hugging himself and tracing his arms in what looked like an attempt to soothe himself.

Monica sat beside Jeannie and stroked her hair. "I'm sorry," she murmured.

Jeannie wanted to tell her where she could shove her damn apology, but it wasn't Monica's fault Eric had died. It wasn't her fault that asshole had attacked her in the parking lot. While her sympathy did nothing to help, Jeannie was grateful Monica was with her.

Taylor walked out of view and opened Jayson's truck door. She didn't know or care what Taylor was doing. Jayson, who hadn't let her go since leading her inside, finally drew in several deep breaths. His shudders eventually ceased, and he watched her with puffy, bloodshot eyes.

He didn't need to say anything. Like Jeannie, Jayson understood. Losing Eric was like losing a limb. She drew more comfort from that knowledge than anything Monica could have said. Her sobs died on her lips and finally, she was all out of tears, leaving a deep void inside her soul.

A truck door slammed and Taylor came back, clinking several bottles of liquor as he dropped into a sitting position.

He passed bottles out like they were candy, and Jeannie took the bourbon while Jayson grabbed the vodka. Monica reached for a bottle of rum while Taylor also selected a bottle of rum from his stash.

He wasn't crying like Jeannie and Jayson, though Taylor rarely displayed his emotions much. He was often quiet unless he was with Jayson or Eric, and Jeannie suspected more than once Taylor didn't feel comfortable in his skin, much less around other people. Yet here he was, sitting with his friends as he opened the cork with a pop and they all followed suit.

Taylor cleared his throat. "I'd planned on saving this for later, but... well, you get it. I think he'd have done the same for us."

Jayson nodded and knocked back a huge gulp, not even making a face at the bitter taste of his drink. Then he said in a thick voice, "You're right. I say we drink and get some rest. We pack everything we can and we'll leave tonight."

"Where will we go?" Monica asked between sips.

Taylor puckered his lips, seeming lost in his thoughts. A moment passed before he said, "We have a few options. Electricity and internet won't last long. I imagine we have a week, two weeks at most before we need to look for generators. We're going to need to raid a gas station and fill as many containers with gas as we can, and we still have to figure out food. Monica covered us with the pharmacy, so we should be good there."

"What about a military post?" Monica interjected.

Jayson looked up from his vodka and pushed the bottle away, propping himself up on his hands behind him and leaning back. "We could try Fort Huachuca in Sierra Vista."

"What about Luke Air Force Base?"

Jayson shook his head. "It's no good. We want to be as far away from any cities as possible. That means nothing in Flagstaff or Phoenix."

"Don't forget to add New Jersey to that list," Taylor added.

Jeannie smiled for the first time all morning. A weird urge to laugh threatened to escape her throat as every head turned to Taylor, who shrugged. "What? I was looking for information while we were waiting, and the number one place to avoid in the apocalypse was anywhere in New Jersey."

He said it so matter-of-factly that Jeannie giggled, forgetting her grief. Even Jayson cracked a small smile and said, "I don't know what we'd do without you."

Despite the joking inflection in Jayson's tone, Taylor jumped to his feet and frowned. "I'm sure you'll all manage fine," he said, striding toward the door.

Jayson sighed and also stood, pulling Jeannie up with him. His eyes landed on her feet. "Whose–"

"It's not mine," she sighed. "I didn't even break the skin."

Jayson nodded and held Eric's gun, pointing the battery toward the ceiling. "What happened?"

Jeannie shook her head and bit her lip. If he knew the truth-that she'd killed Eric, he'd never forgive her. They'd deployed together, and they were closer than brothers. It was best to let Jayson make his own assumption.

So Jeannie lied, staying somewhat close to the truth. "He was scratched and sacrificed himself to draw the zombies off."

She hoped Eric would understand. If there was a god, she prayed he wouldn't condemn her to a fiery hell for leaving that man to die. Most of all, she hoped if she died, it would be quick.

She was a monster, and her friends were too good for her. She'd stick around long enough to slip off. They were better off without her, anyway.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Ten


Monica

Monica In under an hour, the world had gone to hell.

Monica sat on the headrest of the sofa, watching Jayson silently stare out of the front window, holding his rifle close as the muscles in his jaw tightened. Taylor had been silent since they'd come home, leaving the kitchen long enough to comfort their friends when they'd learned Eric's fate. After Jeannie went to shower, Taylor had gone back to his task of stockpiling supplies for wherever they were going.

Despite Taylor's jokes in the pharmacy, he'd completely shut down, quickly stuffing everything they'd need into bags. He then went back into the main part of the store to raid the alcohol.

Jeannie's sobs carried through the bathroom over the sound of running water, and Monica didn't how to comfort her. She'd liked Eric well enough—he'd been a decent enough guy. He was kind and loyal, if not a bit quiet. Compared to Jayson and Taylor, he was probably the most normal person in their group.

Corey had been insistent on going home, and no amount of pleading would convince him to stay within the group where he'd be safe. Monica and Corey divided the medicine in the pharmacy before parting ways, wishing each other the best before stepping into the unknown.

Without him, she was left to figure out who to approach first, not being close to either of the men in the house. Taylor had dumped her over soap, of all things, and she hadn't exactly been nice to Jayson over the years. She wondered if the boys secretly wished they didn't want to be stuck with her.

Knowing Taylor, he most likely wanted to be left alone until he was ready to talk. She'd dated him for nearly eight months before he'd unceremoniously broken things off, and she strongly suspected it had more to do with his inability to commit rather than his weird soap addiction. The jury was still out on that.

With Jayson being the only person in the room, that left him. Would he tell her to fuck off? There was only one way to find out.

She approached him and sat on the trunk beside the window.

"Hi," she whispered, hoping it was enough to break the ice.

He sighed and continued to stare outside, never once directing his gaze toward her. "Hi."

"Do you wanna talk about it?"

"No."

It was amazing how much one paltry word could hurt. She got it-really, she did, but it still stung. She blinked and swallowed against the tightness in her throat. They'd all had a rough morning, and the forecast only called for a never-ending apocalypse with high chances of zombie showers. She may as well put on her big-girl panties now and toughen up.

Monica was about to walk away when Jayson sniffed and rubbed his eyes. Tremors rocked his body as he continued to sniff, visibly fighting the urge to cry.

Her Jayson was happy-go-lucky. They fought over dumb shit and she'd somehow been dragged into his soap wars with Taylor. Seeing him like this—broken and hurting-dissolved every negative thought she'd ever had as she wrapped her arms around him from behind.

She probably wasn't his first choice as a source of comfort, but she wanted him to know she still cared.

He stiffened at her touch before dropping the rifle on the bench with a clatter and falling apart. His body folded in on itself and he clung to Monica's arms as he sobbed. She maneuvered around him until she was sitting on the bench again, curled into his lap and held him.

She couldn't tell him it would be okay-she doubted any of them would ever be okay after this. Eric was practically his brother, and she wondered if any of their families had made it out alive. Or if they did, how long they would remain that way. It was stupid to assume their entire group would make it. Perhaps in another life, they'd never have lost anyone.



More than ever, she was afraid and uncertain about their future. And this was only Day One. She had no idea how they would survive in this, much less find their way out of a major metropolitan city with over three million zombies.

She trembled, not noticing Jayson's cries subsiding or that he was now pressing his forehead against hers until he spoke. "Sorry," he mumbled.

Monica jumped slightly at the contact and proximity. She carefully drew a small breath, inhaling his sweaty scent with a trace of his body wash-or maybe it was Taylor's. The thought almost made her laugh. For a moment, the world was right when she could smell their signature sandalwood soap.

Soon, that would go away too when they could no longer shower.

The thought was so depressing and sobering that Monica scooted back with a sigh, stopping when Jayson repositioned her to his side away from the window. His swollen eyes flickered toward the glass. "Just in case," he said.

Monica nodded and leaned into him. She didn't protest when he wrapped his arm around her. In the past, she would have flinched at the contact, and despite not being close, he provided her with a sense of safety.

Jayson would never hurt her.

With as much as she pushed him away, she suddenly craved his proximity. She didn't know if it was because she now had no one left in her life or if she'd always liked him just a little but was too afraid to pursue anything. He was so happy and full of life while she was dead inside.

She also hated seeing him so sad. Even she wasn't heartless enough to kick him while he was down.

His breathing deepened and his head bobbed as his chin dipped into his chest. He jerked his head up and blinked a few times before training his gaze back on the window. "Shit, I'm going to get us all killed."

Monica ran her fingers along the back of his head until she brushed against a bump. He hissed through his teeth and winced. "It's nothing."

She took his face in her palms and checked his eyes. His breath hitched, and he stilled, watching her through slightly dilated pupils. She wondered how much of it was his concussion. He couldn't possibly find her attractive, especially now during the end of the world.

Jayson leaned in slightly and Monica couldn't help herself-she angled her face away so he could only catch her cheek. Heat flushed through her face and neck, and she bit her lip. Oh, this was so awkward.

Clearing her throat softly, she murmured, "You should probably rest."

He shook his head and glanced through the window. "Can't. You're not supposed to sleep with a concussion."

"That's a myth. You're carrying on a conversation, and your eyes are only slightly dilated. The slurring has stopped and you're not vomiting. The best thing for you right now is rest."

His eyes kept traveling back and forth between her and the glass. "Rest is a luxury we can't afford. Someone has to be ready if the Soapies come through."

She tried not to grin at the word Soapies. It was so like him and Taylor to be weird in the zombie apocalypse. No matter what, everything came down to soap with those two.

She rubbed his arms and tried not to linger on the scarred tissue covering his left forearm. More than once, she wondered how he'd gotten it. The tattoo sleeve did very little to cover the uneven pink skin, and she almost never saw him wear anything that didn't have long sleeves.

She looked into his bright turquoise eyes and offered a reassuring smile. "Leave one of your guns with me. I'll keep watch while you sleep."

He raised an eyebrow. "Uh, not to be an asshole or anything, but have you ever shot a gun?"



She wasn't sure if his assumption of her frailty should offend her. She plastered a smile on her face despite trying to keep the hostility out of her voice. "Just because I'm a woman—"

Jayson closed his eyes and released a sharp breath. "It has nothing to do with that," he snapped. He pressed his lips together and squeezed her hand. "Sorry. I know plenty of women who can shoot. It's just... I've seen no indication of you being familiar with them."

Shit, she'd gone and put her foot in her mouth. "I'm sorry," she stammered, staring down at her lap and wishing the ground would swallow her. "I swear, I wasn't trying to be a bitch."

Damn, why did she have to be so awkward?

Jayson's hand caressed hers and Monica had to wonder again just how hard he'd hit his head. She forced her eyes to stay down in case he got any more bright ideas. That, and she really didn't want him to see how red her face was. Once her heart stopped dancing its salsa, she forced herself to smile and said, "Just give me a handgun, preferably a 9 mil, and then get some rest. Doctor's orders."

The corner of his mouth twitched in amusement and his eyes lit up. "Are we playing that game now?"

Monica closed her eyes in mortification as her heart went from the Salsa to a sexy little Samba. He did not just ask her that. Speaking suddenly became difficult and her voice rose half an octave. "Not a game," she squeaked. She expelled a sharp breath and tried again to keep the panic out of her voice. "Really, you're no good if you don't rest."

not Jayson sighed, and Monica grimaced as his smile faded, reminding her of a deflated balloon. Was she a bad person for killing his joy? At least someone managed happiness in the apocalypse. She couldn't even manage that in her day-to-day life.

"Can you use a gun?" he asked seriously.

She nodded. "I'm from Texas. Everyone owns a gun," she said lightly, inwardly laughing at the awful, yet mostly true stereotype. She was a bit too moderate, believing gun control and safety should be more regulated, but she could fire a gun with the best of them. "I may not like guns, but a girl still has to defend herself."

His eyebrows shot up, and she held her breath, hoping he wouldn't ask any more questions. She didn't have the energy to spill the details of her life story-not when their survival was on the line.

"Gun," she huffed, holding out her hand.

He rolled his eyes and stood up, leaving her by the window as he disappeared into the garage. He returned shortly with the requested pistol, pointing the weapon away from her as it changed hands.

Thank God for his gun safety awareness. She was afraid of what every frightened person with a gun would do. People were stupid enough without disaster striking.

Taking the gun carefully and clearing the chamber first, Monica stood and walked with Jayson to the couch. Since they'd left the pharmacy, she'd noticed both Taylor and Jayson had avoided their rooms and Loki was nowhere to be seen. She wouldn't be surprised if the poor little critter had turned.

Jayson stretched across the couch with his feet hanging over one arm and his head resting on the other. Already, his eyes had fluttered closed as he cradled his rifle like a body pillow.

She moved to pull it away, and his grip tightened around the weapon. He opened one eye and offered her half a smile. "It's a military thing. Don't let me sleep longer than two hours, okay?"

"Okay," she whispered, resisting the urge to sweep back his thick, blond hair. He'd grown it out since the apple shampoo incident that had colored it bright green.



Within moments, his breathing deepened, and he snored softly as he lay sprawled on his back. As the exhaustion claimed his body, the creases in his forehead disappeared and his shoulders relaxed. She knew he only wanted two hours, but she wasn't sure when they would have another chance to rest before all hell broke loose again.

She took her seat on the bench and looked outside, wondering if the neighborhood looked anything like the pharmacy. In every movie she'd ever seen, zombies roamed freely. The neighborhood was eerily quiet except for the occasional 'Soapie.' One of them was a dark-haired boy in Iron Man pajamas, no older than ten, wandering the asphalt street in his bare feet. He walked in the opposite direction, occasionally stopping to sniff the air before moving on, not appearing to notice the baking heat or scalding ground that was sure to have burned blisters into his skin.

"I see he finally went to sleep," Taylor mumbled behind her, making Monica jump. In his hands was a bottle of bleach and a bucket.

Monica took slow, deep breaths, willing her heart to stop drumming a hole through her chest. There was no such thing as too careful anymore. "What's with the bleach?" she whispered, afraid of the undead hearing them through the walls.

He rubbed his ear with the knuckles of his hand still wrapped around the handle of the bleach. Taylor hadn't been wearing ear protection when he came for her, and she could only imagine how bad the ringing was. She hoped the damage wasn't permanent. "I've gotta clean out the bed of the truck from where Jayson killed that Soapie. Then we need to load it with anything that can fit so we can leave. The sooner we find a group of survivors, the better our chances will be to get through this."

Monica nodded. Taylor had always been the voice of wisdom when everyone else was ruled by adrenaline and emotion. She wanted to ask him about Loki, Jayson, and everything that had happened between the outbreak and now, but he had already disappeared into the garage by the time she opened her mouth to say anything. It was probably just as well. After a year of knowing him, he was still a mystery to her.

The bathroom door opened and Jeannie stepped out in nothing but a tattered brown towel that barely covered anything. Monica's heart clenched at the faded initials in black permanent marker at the corner. It had been one of Eric's military towels. That thing was raggedy and small enough to be classified as a dishcloth, but she understood Jeannie's need to feel close to him.

Their eyes met and Jeannie swallowed as her lip trembled. Her hair hung in damp tangles down her back and a large bruise shadowed her cheek. Aside from that, Monica didn't see any scratches, but something—or someone—had given her that injury. "Jeannie–"

Her best friend shook her head. "Not right now. Not ever," she choked out.

Monica sighed. If Eric had been killed in a car accident or any other way, she'd give Jeannie her time to mourn. Emotions were yet another luxury stolen from them in only an hour. She wasn't completely devoid of feelings yet and kept her words as comforting as she could while trying to pay attention to the smallest little movement out of the corner of her eye. "You don't have to talk about it, but we need to go."

Jeannie didn't answer. She bit her lip and clutched the towel close to her body, looking more lost than ever. After a moment of standing there, looking like she'd fall apart, she went into Eric's room and closed the door.

Monica could only hope Jeannie was doing something useful. If she had to go in there and get her ready like a child, she would, but she could only do that after Jayson relieved of guard duty.

Just as she turned to resume her watch, the window shattered, sending a jagged piece of glass just inches away from her thigh. A pair of blood-soaked hands with even bloodier arms shot through the open window, and Monica fell back with a shriek, accidentally firing a gunshot wide into the ceiling.

She quickly sat up and aimed, not thinking about how young the woman used to be with her dark, lanky hair or what was sure to have once been be a pretty cheerleader face. She pretended the girl wasn't a teenager with her while life snatched away. Instead, Monica envisioned herself at the range with her brother, blocking everything out until only the target remained and pulled the trigger.

The bullet hit its mark, dead center in the forehead, and the girl pitched forward, piercing her neck on the remaining shards still in the window frame.

Taylor came running from the garage as a powerful set of arms hauled her up. Jayson stumbled toward the window and looked outside to make sure everything was clear before taking two steps and pulling her into his arms.

"Nice shot," he whispered.

Now that the action was over, Monica couldn't stop shaking. She'd had too many close calls, and this was only the beginning. When she wrapped her arms around his waist and inhaled his familiar scent, she told herself it was just the shock. It was just a comforting hug and had absolutely nothing to do with him.

"Thank you," she whispered, continuing to tremble.

Taylor wrapped his arms around her from behind, squishing her into a human sandwich. She reached behind her and patted his side. The smell of bleach burned her nostrils, making her sneeze into Jayson's shirt.

Jayson's chest rumbled with a laugh. "Gross."

Monica giggled because it was better than crying. "Sorry. It's the bleach."

Taylor's arms lifted in a shrug behind her. "As much as I'd love another shower, I think it's going to be awhile before any of us gets another. I think it's time to go."

Once again, Taylor's words of wisdom brought them back to reality. If one Soapie had found them, others had probably heard the noise. Each minute they stayed placed them in danger, making it harder to escape if several swarmed the house.

She sighed and broke free from the boys, pecking each of them lightly on the cheek. They stared at her as if she'd grown another head, and she shrugged, saying, "We only have each other now. I don't want our last words to each other to be anything other than love."

She thought of Eric and Jeannie, wondering if they'd even said goodbye. Her best friend still hadn't emerged from the room, even in the commotion. "Go load up the truck. I'm gonna get Jeannie and we'll leave."

Somehow, Monica would get Jeannie through this, but first, they needed to survive. She buried her heart in the deepest pit of her soul and strode into Eric's room, telling herself over and over that Jeannie could grieve later.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Eleven


Taylor

Taylor No one said anything after the Soapie attack. While Monica went to get Jeannie, Taylor quickly poured water into the bed of the truck, hoping the quick bleach job was enough to kill the virus. He and Jayson had counted on having more time to prepare—now they were hard-pressed to get the hell out before their scent and Loki's remains attracted more unpleasant company.

Jayson rushed into the garage with a large duffel bag before meeting his eyes. "Do you have your bag packed yet?"

Taylor shook his head, concentrating on wiping down the bed with a junk towel Eric kept in the garage. Jayson's voice sounded muffled, as if Taylor had a head cold and he was waiting for his ears to pop. The ringing had mostly subsided, but his head hadn't stopped hurting since Jayson had opened fire on the road. Ever since he was young, sound had affected him more than everyone else. He remembered running into other rooms, clapping his hands over his ears the moment anyone turned on so much as a vacuum cleaner or a blender. Thunderstorms had frightened him, and migraines often came on with the force of a sledgehammer any time more than two people talked over each other. His parents had never understood his sensitivity to sound, and it had forced him to adapt to it until headphones became an everyday thing. Somehow, he didn't think the Soapies would politely tone it down.

He tried not to rub his ears. Popping them didn't help either, and he inwardly winced when he spoke. "I haven't had a chance. I've been too busy packing food and everything we'd need."

Taylor didn't mention that he could easily smell what Loki's remains from the living room. Even when the animal had been alive, Taylor could smell him no matter what Jayson had done to keep the cage clean. It was why Taylor didn't own animals. Smell was yet another sensory issue he struggled with. Now, the house smelled like rotting flesh, and if he could smell it, the Soapies probably could too.

"Pack a bag. Monica can watch the window while I bring everything out. We need to be on the road within the hour."

Jayson's words left no room for argument. The fun roommate and annoying soap thief was gone, replaced by the all too serious Sergeant Recklaw. Jayson never spoke about his time in the military, and Taylor never asked. He knew it still gave him nightmares and that the scar on his arm was a sensitive topic, but otherwise, Jayson kept it all hidden away behind an impenetrable mask. He'd never once reverted to his military persona.

Not until today.

Taylor couldn't meet his friend's hardened steel gaze, so he nodded and jumped down from the bed of the truck. He stepped around Jayson and walked into the living room, sparing Monica a glance who had resumed her post near the window. This time, she had pulled a chair out of the kitchen and sat far enough away so any incoming Soapies couldn't easily reach her. Her hair was pulled into a messy ponytail and face was lined with worry, but she seemed unharmed.

She cast him a grim smile before turning her attention back to the window. "Thank you for coming back for me," she breathed. Taylor had to strain to hear her and for a moment, he thought he'd misheard her until she spoke again. "I really didn't think I'd get out of there alive."

Taylor's heart swelled at her words as he crossed the distance between them and wrapped his arms around her from behind. "You're still my friend. I'd never leave you behind."

It was better than admitting his reasons for breaking up with her had nothing to do with soap but his own insecurities and the fact she hadn't attempted to connect with him either. In some ways, they were very similar, finding safety behind the protective walls they'd built around their hearts, refusing to let anyone in. Breaking up had seemed like the right thing to do, even if it didn't lessen his feelings for her. With all his oddities, he couldn't imagine anyone staying around long enough to accept him.



She turned in her chair to return his hug and brush her lips against his. It was meant to be friendly, at least he thought it was, but it was nice to have her back for a moment. He didn't see things like the rest of the world—sometimes a kiss was just that—a gesture between two friends to say 'I'm here for you.' A kiss didn't always equate to 'I love you.'

"I'd never leave you behind either. There's no one I'd rather face the end of the world with than you guys."

He smiled back and held her for a moment longer. He felt the same way.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. It took them an hour to get on the road.

Thankfully, no other Soapies had come through yet, though Jayson had scarily taken out a few from a distance with no emotion. Taylor didn't know how much of it had to do with losing Eric and how much was from his military training kicking in.

Dressed now in his desert camo pants and a tan shirt while carrying a backpack and shouldering his rifle, he looked like a modern-day god, ready to rain death upon all.

The sight of his best friend should have been comforting. Instead, it terrified him.

After Jayson had loaded the truck, he'd taken his turn by the window while Taylor threw together anything he would need and a few things he didn't, such as a photo album he'd kept hidden in the back of his closet. He knew he wouldn't look through it—he'd been estranged from his parents since his last year of college, but he couldn't imagine leaving the only reminder he had left behind. They were still his family, no matter how many years had passed.

The hard part was finding clothes for the women. Taylor was the only one short enough for his pants to not look like something from the Animaniacs, but they were all dress slacks. He had no idea how the three of them would share the two pairs of jeans he owned. He could only hope they'd find something, though his expectations weren't very high.

Now barely noon, the sun shone hot overhead, baking them in the hellish August heat. The AC helped but sunlight beating on his legs and the bodies in the cab did very little to ease the discomfort. Sweat and body odor lingered in the air, making Taylor desperately wish for an open window as he drove.

Jayson said nothing through the earpiece, and Monica sat in the back with Jeannie, holding her close.

Taylor was alone with his thoughts and the empty road ahead. Very few people were out—most had either succumbed to the virus or had probably left when it hit, leaving Phoenix nothing more than an urban ghost town.

Per Jayson's instructions, he'd avoided the freeway through the city until he approached the first major intersection. Cars lay smashed to pieces in the middle as several more had slammed into each other, leaving a pileup of shredded metal and shattered glass in the road.

Taylor was just looking for a way around when the first wave of Soapies approached.

Suppressed gunfire sounded from the back, dropping several Soapies at once. "Taylor, make a U-turn. We're gonna have to take the freeway."



Jayson didn't have to say that twice. Taylor threw the truck in reverse as several Soapies approached, all hungrily gazing at the truck and the people inside. His heart beat wildly in his chest as the tires squealed. Once he'd put enough space between them and the intersection, he spun the truck around in a U-turn, taking out an unfortunate Soapie with his bumper.

Taylor stuck to the side streets in the quieter neighborhoods, relying on Jayson for directions. Eventually, he'd have to take the freeway, but he wanted to wait until he got to the outskirts of Phoenix before he hit the open road where it was less likely to be cluttered. The closer he got to the freeway, the more cars he saw, slowly inching along through the neighborhoods, trying to avoid the undead. No one stopped—he couldn't blame them, though he was disheartened to see Jayson drop Soapies and the other cars continue on without so much as a damn wave or anything.

Bastards. You'd all be dead without us, he thought. He had a feeling Jayson was killing them to clear the way for Taylor but still, some kind of acknowledgment would be nice.

Bastards. You'd all be dead without us, His phone buzzed, and he jumped. Reception had been spotty, though no one had thought about their phones in the chaos of trying to get out. He fished his phone out of his pocket and did a double-take at the California number that flashed across the screen. Only one person in California would call him. He answered the call and placed the call on speaker.

"Hello?"

"Taylor?"

Taylor's breath hitched at the familiar British accent. After all these years in the states, his dad hadn't quite lost it. And even though he'd known his dad was calling him, his heart couldn't prepare itself for an apocalyptic reunion. Why now? Why couldn't he reach out sooner when it would have meant more?

"I'm here, Dad," he said murmured, not sure what else there was to say. Monica's dark eyes met his through the rearview mirror, and he shook his head. No one but Jayson knew the truth and said nothing over the open earpiece.

"Oh, thank God. Are you safe? Where are you?" His voice was heavy with panic and relief, and he sounded like he'd been crying.

Taylor sighed. He was happy to know how dad had survived and sad that this would most likely be their very last conversation before the world went dark. His throat tightened and his eyes burned. "As safe as I can be. My friends and I are trying to find a military post."

"Quite right. Stay with them and keep each other safe." He sniffled and continued as if he were in a hurry. "The National Guard has been deployed in every state, and they're taking survivors to secure locations across the country. Try to get to me in Nevada. My name still means something."

Monica arched an eyebrow through the mirror. Shit. Even she didn't know about his life before Arizona, and he wasn't up to suddenly explaining himself.

His dad cut through Monica's silent inquiry. "I'm so sorry I didn't listen to you. No matter what happens, I want you to know I love you."

It hurt to breathe. Taylor had waited nearly a decade to hear those words. "I love you too, Dad," he choked, trying to maintain eye contact with the road. His hands trembled and his vision blurred for a moment.

Seeing his distress, Monica climbed into the front seat and nodded at the wheel. "Let me take over," she whispered.

He nodded and pulled over to an empty shoulder of the road, long enough for them to switch places without being overcome by Soapies.

Taylor picked the phone back up and asked, "What about Mom? Did she make it?"

His dad sobbed over the line and Taylor knew without a doubt his mother hadn't made it, explaining why she hadn't called him first. The world slowed to a standstill. He didn't notice the truck moving again, or Jeannie's hand on his shoulder behind him. He could barely hear himself as he whispered an apology. For what, he didn't know. He only knew now he'd never see his mother again, and that they'd all wasted the past nine years avoiding each other.



"Come find me, son."

Taylor started to say something when the call dropped. He could feel everyone's eyes on him as he stared out the window at the endless desert stretched out on every side of them. Mountains stood in the distance, reminding him just how small he was in this shitty world and how none of it mattered.

Jayson's voice came over the earpiece. "I'm so sorry."

Taylor ripped the earpiece out and handed it to Monica before turning back to the window to cry.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. No one said anything while Taylor grieved. He'd given his phone to Monica and Jeannie, but neither of them could reach anyone, making their trip even more depressing.

Monica had just pulled onto one of the major streets when she cursed. "Jayson, your gas light just came on."

Taylor turned his attention back to the surrounding people. Crying wouldn't help them survive. They were alive, and they'd only stay that way if they worked together. "There's a gas station just up ahead. We'd have to be in and out, but I think if we're careful, we could even clear the place and look for supplies."

Monica was quiet for a moment before she nodded and approached the gas station. Soapies of all ages and sizes were in the parking lot, and Taylor found it odd that they surrounded a semi until Taylor squinted in the sunlight. A figure dressed in black stood on the top of the cab with no way to escape the horde.

"Someone's up there!" Taylor shouted before cringing and lowering his voice. The last thing they needed was him drawing their attention.

Monica nodded and stopped the truck. So far, none of the Soapies had directed their attention toward them, and more were joining the queue by the minute as they reached toward the man and shoved against each other and the cab.

"Cover your ears," Monica instructed, taking off the earpiece and muffling her ears with her hands. Taylor and Jeannie did the same and gunfire erupted, spraying the Soapies in a hailstorm of bullets in sets of three. The Soapies all turned in unison to the side of the noise, sending panic rising through Taylor's chest. There were so many of them, even more than in the convenient store.

Monica scrambled through the back and grabbed a rifle as she shimmied through the slider. If Jayson was a modern-day god, Monica was Barbie's really hot vigilante friend in little black leggings. She reached back through the window to grab a magazine before disappearing into the bed to join Jayson in his shooting spree.

Taylor watched the Soapies drop like flies until no more remained, leaving a trail of carnage between the semi and their truck. When the gunfire stopped, Taylor removed his hands and squinted to see the man on the cab climb down and jog slowly in their direction. He stopped just short of Taylor's door with his hands braced on his knees, gasping for air.

Taylor rolled down the window, and his heart stopped. Screw hot Barbie and modern day gods. This man was sex on a stick in a police uniform. His black hair was cropped short and little flecks of gold dotted his brown eyes. Sweat dripped from his forehead in the sun and a completely different heat flooded Taylor's groin at the sight of the man's dark skin wrapped around so much muscle. This man could cuff him any day of the week.

"Thanks," the man wheezed in a slight Hispanic accent. "I've been up there since the outbreak."

Taylor scrambled to give the man a bottle of water as Jayson jumped down and approached him, keeping his rifle pointed at the ground. "Not to be an ass, but were you bitten or scratched at any point?"

The man shook his head, doing a poor job of slowly sipping the water. When he finished the bottle, Taylor handed him another. Jayson lowered the weapon a fraction of an inch and asked, "What's your name, Officer?"

"Castellano. Officer Diego Castellano," he said, holding his hand out in introduction and straightening himself up. "Now what do you say we get out of here before more zombies invite themselves to lunch?"

"They're Soapies," Taylor blurted out before he could shut himself up.

Jeannie snorted and Jayson smirked as Diego looked at him for the first time. Taylor cast his eyes down in mortification and clamped his mouth shut. It was like being scanned by a laser beam, with him fully exposed. What on Earth had prompted him to speak up like that?

Diego looked away and assessed the rest of the group, looking as if he'd probably rather be Soapie bait than with a group of weirdos on the road to nowhere. A car sped down the road and Diego seemed to sense no other rescue was coming for him. He offered Taylor a slow smile and said, "Alright then. Soapies it is. I'm sure I'd love to hear the story behind the name."

Taylor would love to hear more than that, especially if it would take his mind off all the stress of the morning, but first, they still needed to find a National Guard facility and get to his dad. Then he'd untangle the emotional mess inside his head.

The Soapies could all go eat generic soap.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Twelve


Jayson

Jayson Taylor was so screwed.

Jayson knew that look—it was the same longing and shyness he'd seen when Taylor had been too shy to ask Monica out all those years ago when they'd met. He'd been too sick to stand, much less ask her for medication, so she'd gone to him and helped Jayson walk him back to the car. And by some miracle, she'd made soup and brought him Gatorade. While Jayson had been trying to get her attention since they'd met, all Taylor had to do was stand there and look pathetic while men and women flocked to him. Even worse was he often oblivious to everyone's attraction.

Taylor so rarely dated, and when he did, it rarely went past the first meeting. Monica had been the only exception. Why, Jayson could only fathom was because she was special. It had still taken Taylor a month to work up enough courage to ask for her number. Jayson had lost count of all the times Taylor had come into the store, taken two steps toward the pharmacy, and then bolted straight into the soap aisle to buy what he already had stockpiled for the soap apocalypse.

He didn't have that option there in the truck, with his head turned down and cheeks turning pinker by the second. Also, he doubted any of their friends knew he liked men. They probably suspected it but it wasn't something Taylor ever discussed as he didn't like labels and kept most of his personal life to himself. Jayson had only found out by accident and had been sworn to secrecy.

What Taylor didn't notice was their newcomer was doing more than just assessing him with a cynical eye. Diego was checking him out with a small grin as his eyes remained solely on Taylor, who still refused to look back up.

Who knew there would be time for romance in the apocalypse?

Jayson sighed. They wouldn't have time for anything if they didn't get to safety, and the Soapies didn't eat them first. Monica jumped down from the bed of the truck and stood beside him, glancing occasionally over her shoulder. The fact she was looking for threats so soon made her sexy on a whole new level. "We need to hurry," she murmured.

He nodded and turned his attention to the group. "Alright, we need to get gas and two of us need to go into the store and look for supplies," he ordered, falling back into his military habits.

Taylor's head shot up and his eyes widened. "But I thought we were looking for a military post so they could take us to those facilities. Won't they have supplies there?"

"That's assuming there's anything left when we get there."

Taylor cast his gaze back down to his lap and Jeannie placed a hand on his shoulder, saying something Jayson couldn't hear.

No matter how optimistic everyone wanted to be, Jayson had to be realistic. The virus had spread so fast and was continuing to spread. As much as he wanted Taylor to find his dad and reconcile, he didn't hold out much hope of a military rescue. If they were going to survive, it would be through skill and vigilance.

Monica nudged him and leveled her reproachful eyes on him, almost making him feel ashamed. "You don't have to be an asshole," she whispered harshly. "You might be a Debbie Downer, but that doesn't mean you have to kill what little hope he has left. Give him a break. He just lost his mom."

Heat flushed through his cheeks, and his shame was lost in her accusation. "I'm trying to keep us alive," he snarled, pulling her back so the group couldn't hear them. "We can't afford to wish on fucking stars or rainbows when everything is out to kill us, so forgive me for looking out for you!"

She yanked her arm out of his grasp, looking like she was about to slap him. Instead, she continued to glare at him as she gesticulated at their friends before poking him hard in the chest. If she'd been anyone else, they would have thrown down already, but since it was her, all he could do was rein in his irritation before she pushed him into PTSD mode. She didn't even seem to notice as she continued to whisper yell. "We can't all be fucking Rambo! Taylor is a good person, and I won't let you stand here and reduce him to nothing!" Her eyes flickered towards Taylor and her voice softened. "He's not like us, okay? The only way he's going to survive is if we look after him. If that means shielding him from reality, so be it, but you should remember he came back for me when he could have run."

won't

God fucking damn it. If it hadn't been for Taylor's lousy driving, Jayson would have been the one to go back for her, not him. Taylor was one of his best friends, but he couldn't help the jealousy that crept into his heart. Once again, Taylor had stolen Jayson's opportunity to make her notice him without even trying. And all he wanted to do was keep his friends alive. So why was he being blamed?

He released a heavy sigh and approached Monica, who was standing near Taylor and whispering encouraging words. He cleared his throat, and she turned to him with a glare that wasn't present with Taylor. Fuck. "Can you watch the truck while I go in for supplies?"

Her eyes flickered toward Diego, who had quietly been observing them the entire time. If no one else had been around, she might have ripped Jayson to shreds by now, but she also seemed wary of the stranger and nodded with a tight smile. "Alright. I'll fill up the tank while you go in, even if I do think it's crazy."

It was the best he was going to get from her and honestly, Monica was the only person he trusted with a gun in their situation. Until he found out more about this cop, he wasn't trusting anyone. Jayson turned toward Diego. "How dehydrated are you? We need supplies from that store and I could use backup if you're willing."

Diego nodded despite the glistening sweat pouring off his forehead. Two hours in this kind of heat without water was dangerous. September was fast approaching and the temperature still reached up to one hundred ten degrees. With Diego sitting on top of a hot metal surface and wearing short sleeves, it was a wonder he had anything left to sweat out. "I can help, but we should still be quick. All that gunfire will probably attract more, and these things move unbelievably fast."

That would have to do. At least if Diego turned on him in the gas station, Jayson could hold his own.

He patted Monica on the shoulder and opened the back door of the cab where Jeannie sat. She watched him with heavy eyes, and he motioned toward the empty backpack beside her. "Can you hand me that bag, please?"

She handed him the bag in silence, and Jayson turned to Diego, looking to the holster. "Do you have any ammo left in that?"

"Nope. I used what I had to get to the cab and my partner had already fled by the time I got outside."

Jayson couldn't blame Diego's partner for being scared, but it was a dick move to leave someone behind in any disaster. Not having much of a choice, Jayson handed the officer a 45. "Alright, let's go."

They ran to the entrance and stopped just outside of the door's automatic sensors. "Do you know how many people were inside?" he asked, counting the cars in the parking lot, which totaled six in the front, and three still at the pumps. Cars sat abandoned at the building next door, which could mean nothing or a lot of trouble.

"I'd say there were at least a dozen when people started throwing up. Once the first person turned, everyone started screaming and running outside," he said, shouldering the empty backpack and readying his own weapon.

The screaming had probably led the Soapies out while everyone else had been turned or slaughtered. Diego's presence on top of the semi along with the moans had probably drawn most of the others to his location, giving the pair an advantage if the store was as empty as Jayson hoped. He held his rifle at the ready and bent his knees, preparing to fire at a moment's notice. "Aim for the head. I'll take the left while you go right. Let's move."

He stepped inside and the door slid open with a cold whoosh. The air would have been heavenly if it hadn't been for the putrid flesh burning his nostrils. A groan followed by another on either side of them sounded off. Jayson spun to his left as Diego did the same on his right as they both fired in unison, sending the Soapies down in a chorus of thuds.



More groans echoed from the back where the bathrooms were located, while Diego's side remained silent. "Go, go, go!" Jayson whispered, taking the path against the wall while Diego took the open center. Jayson had just reached the soda fountain when the first Soapie emerged, looking straight forward with nothing but hunger in her eyes. She'd only taken one step when Diego fired with scary accuracy before firing another round behind her.

While the cop kept firing, Jayson crept down the aisle until only the echo of the last gunshot lingered in the air. When they heard nothing else, Diego called out. "Clear! You good, man?"

"Yeah!" Jayson turned on his earpiece. "Monica, we just cleared the front. How are things looking outside?"

Taylor's voice came over the line. "We just finished filling up the tank. Thank God the debit reader still works. No Soapies yet, but that can change with all the gunfire we just heard."

"Roger that. Keep me posted. We're going to clear the rest of the building and grab supplies. Then we can be on our way."

He turned off the microphone and stepped into the aisle hallway leading to the bathrooms. Only five people lay in a heap, each with one clean shot to the forehead. Jayson spared Diego a glance and whistled softly. "I'm sincerely glad you're on my side."

Diego shrugged off the compliment and kept his gun drawn while keeping it aimed low. "Comes with the territory. Let's clear one room at a time so we don't get caught with our pants down."

Jayson grinned. It was almost like being with Eric again, having someone perfectly in sync with his thoughts and actions. Eric's memory stabbed Jayson in the gut and he swallowed back a painful lump. He and Eric would have made a game out of this. Now he'd never hear his outrageous laugh or joke with him again.

"You alright there?"

Jayson blinked back tears that threatened to spill out and answered in a hoarse voice, "Yeah. It's been a bit of a rough morning, that's all. Let's go."

He crept down the hallway with Diego close behind and kicked the door open, aiming his weapon in every corner of the empty bathroom. He squatted to make sure no one was in the stalls before saying, "Clear. You're up."

They filed out and did the same thing in the men's bathroom. Diego kicked the door open and was met with a snarl. "¡Mierda!"

He fired off a round and jumped backward, firing off a second. The man crashed into the ground, followed by another man behind him. "¡Joder!"

Diego stepped back and Jayson quickly lined up his shot and fired, taking half the man's face off at point-blank range. Blood and flesh splattered against the wall, landing in chunks on the floor.

"Oh, that is disgusting," Jayson said, stepping over the corpse the check the rest of the bathroom. And he'd seen body parts fly from suicide bombers in Afghanistan. He made a mental note to grab some hand sanitizer on their run. "Clear."

He turned around to find Diego retching behind him. Between all the gore of the morning and the concussion, the sight of vomit and the smell of rotten meat sent his own stomach contents spewing out. Having not eaten, all that came out was yellow stomach acid, burning his throat and gums.

Diego straightened out with an awkward laugh. " That was disgusting," he said, scrunching his face and motioning at all the vomit. "Can we just clear out the backroom and cooler and get this over with?"

That Jayson managed a weak nod as he continued to dry heave, bracing his hands against his knees. Throwing up was almost worse than killing Soapies. By the time he finished, his teeth ached and his throat was raw.

almost Without another word, they carefully stepped around everything and cleared the rest of the building with no further contact. After slathering their arms and hands with hand sanitizer and halfway through gathering supplies, Taylor's excited voice came back over the earpiece. Monica was shouting happily in the background. "You're never gonna believe this. It's the National Guard and they're pulling into the parking lot!"

"Well, I'll be damned."

Maybe their luck was about to change after all. And damn Taylor for being right. He was not looking forward to his smug grin as he said, 'I told you so,' or Monica's firm glare as she demanded an apology. He'd rather face the Soapies again.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Thirteen


Jayson: Part Two

Jayson: Part Two Quick A/N: I was in the military for eight years as a Reservist. I'm not saying all soldiers are like this because I know some fantastic Guardsmen and Reservists. We're still required to keep up with physical requirements like Active Duty but sometimes it just doesn't happen when you only drill once a month and have another life to go back to when you're done. Anything I write about the military is based either on first-hand experience or through people I knew in Active and Reserves. *Steps off Soapbox and gets back to the story.*

Quick A/N: I was in the military for eight years as a Reservist. I'm not saying all soldiers are like this because I know some fantastic Guardsmen and Reservists. We're still required to keep up with physical requirements like Active Duty but sometimes it just doesn't happen when you only drill once a month and have another life to go back to when you're done. Anything I write about the military is based either on first-hand experience or through people I knew in Active and Reserves. *Steps off Soapbox and gets back to the story.* The five-ton military vehicle rumbled just outside the gas station, growling loud enough for every Soapie within a two-mile radius to hear.

Jayson quickly stuffed candy and cold drinks inside Diego's bag. It may not sustain them as a group as far as nutritional value went, but they were all sure as hell going to miss chocolate soon enough.

Diego's mind seemed to be in other places as he cleared the basic hygiene products and the tiny packets of medicine and three-pack condoms. Jayson snorted. "You got a hot date lined up with the Soapies? I'm sure they're more into your big brain instead of the little one."

Diego smirked, shrugging as he made room in his bag for the extra items. "You never know. I'm not about to let the zombie apocalypse impede me having sex."

"Fair enough." Who was he to argue with a man's natural instinct? The world might be ending, but that didn't mean they had to be celibate. Hell, people were probably already having wild orgy parties right now for all he knew.

He scanned the aisles for anything else that might be useful, such as a gas canister and lighters behind the counter. The cigarettes were yet another reminder of Eric, who not-so-secretly smoked when he was stressed. He snatched a few cartons off the shelf and squished them into the bag before Diego shouldered it.

"You don't seem like a smoker," he said, lifting an eyebrow.

Jayson shrugged as they walked together through the front door, stopping long enough to snatch a lone pack of toilet paper off the shelf, tucking it under his arm. "You have your condoms, I have my cigarettes. But really, I'm just planning on trading them later in case we need to barter for anything. A pack of cigarettes can be worth a lot."

Diego nodded. "Smart. Let's hope they can help us. Those kids look a bit fresh, don't you think?"

Jayson took in the soldiers in the desert brown camo. The group comprised about eight people, all dressed in kevlars and carrying a weapon. The only NCO couldn't have been over thirty while the youngest appeared to be eighteen. In fact, most of the group looked young except for a Specialist who was older than dirt and probably should have retired a few years ago. Half of his teeth were missing and his stomach was so round, he looked ready to pop out a baby any minute. And not one of them aside from the Sergeant bore any form of military discipline reminiscent of Jayson's time before his medical discharge.

He suddenly missed the days when the military was still difficult and hadn't gone soft to accommodate feelings. The enemy didn't care about hurt feelings. At the end of the day, it was about winning the war. And right now they were at war with a bunch of Soapies that couldn't give two shits about humanity.

"Great, we're being rescued by Weekend Warriors who still have yet to reach puberty," he mumbled.

"Does everyone in the Army act like that?" Diego asked warily.

Jayson shook his head. "Not in Active Duty. National Guard and Reserves are different. They're expected to keep up with their own discipline since they only drill once a month."



"¡Por el amor de Dios!"

Jayson snickered. He didn't need a translation to echo that sentiment.

Handing over the toilet paper to Diego, Jayson gestured for him to keep quiet and stepped outside. No one appeared to notice—everyone's backs were still to the men, with the soldiers focused on the friends in the truck. Jayson sighed.

"You'd all be dead if you were overseas," he said, just a foot away from the nearest soldier who'd let his rifle hang by his side as he lit up a cigarette near the five-ton.

The soldier jumped, dropping his cigarette as everyone else turned to see who the new asshole was who dared to criticize them. The oldest approached him, keeping his rifle at the ready, as his brown gaze leveled with Jayson's. His chest puffed out with his puny Sergeant rank on full display as if it was impressive. It wasn't.

A muscle twitched in the man's jaw. His name tape read Heard and for a second, Jayson had misread it as Head. "Who the fuck do you think you are to approach my soldiers like that? Did you even earn that uniform or are you borrowing it and pretending to dress up and be a hero?"

my Jayson inhaled and counted to five. No one hated stolen valor more than a soldier, and he was out of uniform, but that was neither here nor there. The Soapies weren't picky as long as they had their meal. He forced himself to remain calm and not beat the ever-living shit out of this bastard. "I was a Staff Seargent when I was hit by an IED six years ago and burned the entire left side of my body. I'm also not the dumbass smoking near a gas pump or inviting all the damn zombies over with the smell of cigarettes. And if we're going to talk about the military, let's start with why none of your fucking soldiers are at parade rest, their shitty posture, swaying back and forth on their feet, and the obvious lack of keeping up with their PT," he said, calling out at least half the squad. It always irked him that so many Reservists and National Guardsmen didn't keep up with the physical requirements since they only went to play soldier once a month.

was The soldiers all stared at their pissing contest with wide eyes. Instead of setting up any kind of perimeter, they all contented themselves with watching the show. The Private who'd dropped his cigarette picked it back up and brushed it off before tucking it behind his ear like a damn pencil. Jayson wanted to punch him.

He almost felt bad for the sergeant having to babysit this squad during the zombie apocalypse. The only person who showed any promise was the female as she glanced around the parking lot, keeping her rifle ready while the others did nothing. But Jayson had his own friends to keep alive. He couldn't worry about the soldiers too. He could only hope they all made it somewhere safe and alive.

The sergeant sighed and pursed his lips. "I know we're not what you were expecting since we're only National Guardsmen compared to you, but the Active Duty posts have all been overrun. We're all you have left, buddy."

His voice dripped with venom, and Jayson couldn't completely fault him. Active Duty soldiers lived in a different world. National Guardsmen and Reservists went home to their civilian lives after drill where soldiers like him and Eric continued to live in their own military bubble. The man in front of him probably worked out every day by the looks of his bulging arms and barrel chest, giving Jayson some hope, though not much. He was doing the best he could in a hopeless situation with the rest of the military.

Jayson decided to extend the olive branch and look past their differences. "Look, we can't stay here. The zombies are going to come back and I'd like to be far away from here when they do. My friend's dad is already at a military facility in Nevada, and he mentioned the guard bringing survivors to facilities around the country. Does your unit have any orders for civilians?"



Sergeant Heard shook his head. "We did, but we lost Luke Air Force Base in the chaos. The virus took out most of the major facilities within an hour. If we go to any facilities, we'll have to drive."

Jayson figured as much. Any place with a large population would be the perfect Soapie breeding ground. He had hoped for a military rescue, but that didn't mean they couldn't survive if they worked together. "Alright. We've got your squad and my friends. We've already cleared out the gas station, so if you need any supplies, now is the time to do it. We can set up a perimeter and have your squad go in turns, but then we need to get the hell out. I'll have my friend try his dad again and see if we can get an exact location for the Nevada facility."

Sergeant Heard nodded and held out his hand. "Sounds like a plan to me, Sergeant."

Jayson shook his head and took Heard's hand. "It's just Jayson now. My rank died with my career."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Now back on the road, the drive was very slow going. Jayson and Heard linked their radios, making communication easier, but the stress levels were at an all-time high as everyone worried about family and friends they'd left behind. Jayson and his friends sat in the truck while they tried to call family and friends. He hadn't been able to reach his parents in Iowa due to their crappy reception from living out in the boonies. The apocalypse probably killed any chances of him finding out if they'd survived. Diego swore and mumbled in Spanish as he tried to call his mother. "¡Mamá! ¡Atendeme!"

He shoved his phone back in his pocket with a groan. "I got through, but it went straight to her voicemail. What about you?"

Jayson shook his head. "No reception where my parents live. Should we try to check on her for you? I mean, if the military is looking for survivors anyway, it wouldn't hurt, right?"

"We could...but she's all the way on 7th and Baseline. Part of Baseline is shut down for construction, and the side streets aren't much better. I really want to check on her, but what if she's already turned? I'd be putting everyone else at risk."

Taylor spoke up from his place behind the wheel without taking his eyes off the road. "I think we should try. Even if she's turned, it'll be better than regretting not going after her and asking yourself if you could have done something."

Monica squeezed Taylor's hand, sending Jayson's green-eyed monster out to play. He buried the monster and kept quiet as she spoke. "I agree. I wouldn't be here if you and Jayson hadn't come back for me. I can't reach my parents or my brother, but they're all in Texas. If any of you have family here, we should try to look for them."

Jeannie, who'd sat in the back of the truck the entire trip without uttering a single word, turned her red eyes to Jayson and Diego. "I think they're right. Eric wouldn't have left us behind." She stopped speaking, blinking furiously as a fresh wave of tears slipped down her face. A lump settled into Jayson's throat. Eric never would have left any of them behind. He leaned forward and grabbed the radio. "Heard, come in."



"Yeah."

"None of us can reach our families. There are at least two people in this vehicle who want to check in with theirs. If there are survivors, we should probably bring them with us."

"A couple of the soldiers want to check on theirs as well. If we go, we should stay together at all times. We shouldn't stay in the city too long, though. We check on our families and that's it. Then we get the hell out."

"Agreed," Jayson said. "The longer we wait, the more we put ourselves at risk for others turning. We look for our families and then we leave the city, but I think we should give ourselves a time limit of twenty-four hours. After that, we go, regardless of who makes it out."

Taylor and Monica exchanged a glance, exasperating him to no end. They'd never understand. Yes, they deserved to know about their families, but they couldn't jeopardize those who were alive. Jeannie nodded. As a doctor, she understood prioritizing and not letting emotions get in the way. Whatever had happened to Eric remained a mystery, but she'd still made it back to them, regardless of how she felt. Monica and Taylor would never understand. They needed protection from the life they were being thrown into. The worst part was that he desperately wanted to protect those two, and they looked at him like he was an asshole every time he turned around.

"Roger that. Where do we start?"

Jayson turned to Jeannie. "We're in Chandler now. Doesn't your mother live here?"

She nodded. "She lives in one of the bigger houses on a dead end. She and my sister might be okay..."

She didn't sound certain, but then again, Jayson couldn't blame her. Even if her family was on a quieter street, it wouldn't protect them if the Soapies came their way. Also, he seemed to remember Eric mentioning once that Jeannie's mother and sister weren't the most pleasant people to be around. They were still her family though, and he wouldn't stop her from leaning on them for support.

Jayson spoke into the radio again. "Okay, we'll start with Jeannie's family here in Chandler and work our way out. Is there any way for you to contact any of the other Guard units in Phoenix to check on the other families?"

"I'll see what I can do. We should set up a rendezvous point as well. We'll stockpile any supplies while we're still here, and then we make a straight shot to Nevada."

"Copy that."

Jeannie gave them the address and curled up into the seat, drawing her legs into her chest and burying her face into her knees. Jayson set the radio down and pulled Jeannie into a hug. She released her legs and leaned into his chest, shaking with silent sobs. "You know we're all here for you, right?" She only nodded in response, so he continued rubbing her arms as he spoke. "I won't lie to you and say it's okay because it's not," he said, tearing up now that the reality was settling in that he'd never see his best friend again. His voice cracked, but he kept talking anyway because it was better than holding it all in. "He wouldn't want us to dwell on his death. There's nothing he wouldn't have done for us. I promise—" he sniffled, trying to continue without falling apart as the tears finally rolled down his face and nose. "I promise you, once we get to Nevada, we'll properly grieve for him. I'll raid a liquor store if I have to and we'll get smashed together."

Jeannie fell apart and wailed into his chest. "I don't care about any of that! I just want him back. It's not fair! It should have been me, not him. I wasn't worth dying over. I wish it had been me..."

Jayson kissed the top of her head. "You know, a lot of us feel that way overseas. We lose someone and we blame ourselves. I lost a soldier on that last deployment," he said as his stomach clenched at the memory. "Her name was Specialist Hart. It was her first deployment, and she was scared, so she used to talk our ears off every time we went out on a convoy. I think it made her feel better to have something to talk about. We all knew how dangerous it was in Afghanistan and to always watch the road. I didn't see the IED in time, and it was all the others could do to pull me out before the vehicle exploded. Her door got jammed, and she didn't make it out. She had a baby at home and she'd been planning her wedding. I told myself every single day it should have been me. I had nothing to go back to."

Jeannie's hold around his waist tightened. Everyone else was silent, listening in but too decent to say anything. His deployment wasn't a topic he liked to revisit, and until now, he'd told no one about it. Eric had only known because they'd been on that deployment together. Everyone else had been blissfully unaware of just how many demons he harbored behind his playful mask.

"What about a girlfriend or your parents? Surely, there was someone missing you at home."

He sighed, wishing he didn't have to go into the rest of his story, especially in front of a guy he'd just met. "I was engaged. I came home halfway through the deployment and walked in on her... um... well, you know. Let's just say the marriage never happened."

"Shit," Taylor blurted out from his spot in the front, sparing them a glance before eyeing the road again. "Is that why you don't date?"

Monica swatted his arm. "Taylor! That's rude! We all have our reasons for being single," she mumbled before turning in her seat to face Jayson with an understanding gleam in her eyes and a small smile. "You know, I shouldn't say this, but it's probably a good thing you didn't marry her. That doesn't make your life any less worthy and any woman would be lucky to have you."

The little beast in his chest purred at her words. It was probably the nicest thing she'd ever said to him, and despite the crappy situation they were all in, it gave him hope. He'd given Taylor so much shit for being too afraid to ask her out when he was no better himself. If anyone was worth opening up to again, it was Monica.

"We're here," Taylor said, stopping the truck and interrupting Jayson's thoughts.

Everyone turned their attention to the gated ranch house in front of them on the empty street. Just like Jeannie had said, the road stopped at a dead-end, with her mother's house at the very end before turning into a patch of dirt. The gate to the driveways were all closed, though there wasn't a single Soapie in sight. Most of the cars were missing except for the gray Mercedes and pink Cadillac parked in the driveway ahead of them. Maybe Jeannie's family had made it unscathed through the apocalypse after all.

Jeannie stared at the empty driveway as she bit her lip. Instead of jumping out immediately like the National Guardsmen ahead of them, she tensed beside Jayson and clenched her fist into his shirt.

Jayson squeezed Jeannie one more time before letting go. "Let's go check on your family."

She slowly loosened her grip and pushed open the door. "Okay. Can you go with me?"

What kind of question was that? He wasn't sending her into the unknown alone. He picked up the rifle at his feet and followed her out as she hopped down. "Of course."

She didn't seem reassured—her shoulders hunched as she drew quick breaths, as if she was fortifying herself for what was inside. If anything, she looked even more nervous to approach the house. "Okay. Let's get this over with."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Fourteen


Jeannie

Jeannie A/N: This chapter addresses racism and prejudiced opinions of characters (not myself), which I don't believe we should shy away from simply because we're on Wattpad. My family is Hispanic and was constantly pulled over and asked if they were American without any provocation. For the sake of keeping my story and the atmosphere authentic, I'm keeping this in here. If you're easily offended, you've been warned.

A/N: This chapter addresses racism and prejudiced opinions of characters (not myself), which I don't believe we should shy away from simply because we're on Wattpad. My family is Hispanic and was constantly pulled over and asked if they were American without any provocation. For the sake of keeping my story and the atmosphere authentic, I'm keeping this in here. If you're easily offended, you've been warned. There was nothing worse than losing a loved one.

If given the proper time to grieve, Jeannie supposed she might someday be okay, but that would never happen now that the apocalypse had struck. Each day—each moment—could be her last. For Eric's sake, she wanted to live and be a good person. For her own, she almost wished the Soapies would take her so she could join him, but would that even be possible if she was in a decaying body while her mind and soul died with the virus?

It wasn't fair.

Jeannie took in the white brick house before her. Sergeant What's-His-Face barked orders for the soldiers to be on alert here, though she was inclined to agree with Jayson that this probably wasn't the group to save them. Eric would have eaten them for breakfast and spit them back out if he'd seen their lack of discipline. In retrospect, Jayson had been kind in comparison.

kind She could use both his kindness and courage right about now. Checking on her family was the right thing to do—she'd only grown up with them. What Jayson didn't know was that her mother and sister scared her far more than the Soapies.

Jayson stood by her side and inclined his head toward the house. "No matter what happens, remember that we're all with you."

She shot him a grateful smile. "Thank you. I don't think they'll be happy to see me though."

That was an understatement. Unlike Jayson, she wasn't ready to dive into her sob story. She'd rather have the cheating fiancé than what awaited her.

Monica materialized beside her with her own gun in hand. "Don't let your mother get to you. You're doing the right thing."

She hoped so.

Jeannie took a deep, fortifying breath and approached the front door through the still-wet grass. While most houses in Phoenix possessed desert landscaping to conserve water, Regina had obnoxiously chosen to have a sprawling lawn instead, taking care to water it every day. Unlike Tucson, having a rock lawn wasn't a law—it was just highly encouraged.

Diego let out a soft whistle as they passed the driveway. "That Caddy would be great if it wasn't pink. Does your family have a cherry red convertible in there too?"

She didn't blame his sarcasm. Her mother and sister were unbearable. "No. That was my sister's Sweet Sixteen, and she hated it, so Mother gave her a yellow one instead."

Diego choked, and Taylor lifted an eyebrow. That boy traded in his Lexus every two years, and Jeannie wondered more than once where his money came from. He was quiet about his secret fortune, and she knew even regional IT managers couldn't afford to have their house completely paid off and buy a brand new car whenever he felt like it. The conversation with his dad left her with a few questions, but it seemed like such an insensitive time to ask.

She stopped at the front door with her friends beside her. "Do I just knock or enter?" she whispered, wondering what rules applied in the apocalypse.

"Does your mother have a spare key hidden anywhere? I say we go in quietly. Then we announce ourselves." Jayson said, bringing his rifle to the ready.

She nodded and retrieved the key from one of the lawn ornaments. Jayson took it from her and motioned for her to step back. "Diego and I are going to clear the house first. We'll let you know when it's safe to follow. Until then, stay close to the Guard. Hopefully, one of them is a decent shot."



"What about me?" Monica demanded.

"Do you really want to be the one to shoot your best friend's mother if she's turned?"

Jeannie flinched. Neither of them knew she'd killed Eric. Even though it had been necessary, she doubted Jayson would take it well. Monica would understand—she bore her own burdens, refusing to this day to share it with anyone. With all the pain and secrets everyone carried around, it was a wonder none of them had lost their minds. Jeannie envied their strength when all she wanted to do was lie down and not wake up.

Thankfully, her reaction went unnoticed as her friends glared at each other. Monica wanted to be supportive and Jayson wanted to spare her the emotional trauma of taking a life. Those two needed to just lay each other already.

"Monica, I think he's right," Jeannie said. Monica turned to her with a look of betrayal. Before she could say anything, Jeannie continued. "You're a wonderful friend, but I wouldn't feel right if you killed my mom. There was a guy—" Jeannie breath hitched at the memory. "Right before I left, he attacked me, and I-I—"

She couldn't finish her confession. The man was a stranger, and she still couldn't get the image of the approaching Soapies out of her head. What he'd done was shitty, but was she any better to leave him to die?

Jayson and Monica pulled her into a hug as tears rolled down her face. This wasn't a good time for tears, not when she'd be placing everyone in peril, especially when there was more to come. Yet she couldn't help the muffled sobs that escaped as she replayed repeatedly not one, but two men she'd killed.

"Jeannie, it's okay. I'm sure you did whatever you had to do," Jayson said, rubbing her back in soothing, circular motions. "War is about survival and killing before you're killed. It's a shitty position to be in, but sometimes those hard choices are necessary."

"But how do you live with those choices?"

His chest expanded with a deep sigh as he pulled her closer. "You find ways to survive and hopefully forget."

"No one's judging you," Monica said. "Let's just get through this and you can fall apart once we're back on the road. Maybe Taylor will be kind and share his liquor."

Jeannie smiled. "You're confusing liquor with soap. He won't mind."

Monica laughed. "True. And he can't kick us out of the truck. Are you sure you don't want me in there? You know I've got your back."

Jeannie nodded. "Just for right now. If Mother and Lydia are okay, then please come in. I can't face them on my own."

please "Okay. I'll be by the truck." Monica squeezed Jeannie's hand and shot Jayson a meaningful look before making her way back to their friends in the truck.

Jayson followed her with his eyes before turning back to the house. "Are you ready?"

"Yeah, but first—" Jeannie stole a glance at Monica and then faced Jayson. "I think you should have more faith in Monica. She might respond better if you approach her differently."

Jayson's eyes widened, and he swallowed hard. "Am I that obvious?"

She couldn't help but smile. "You're like a puppy. Women also know these things. Give her the freedom to be herself, and when we get to safety, I think you should do us all a favor and just tell her how you feel. Even if she says no, at least you'll know how she feels."

"Jeannie, as much as I'd love to do that, I don't think I could handle her telling me no right now. It's been three years. If she hasn't noticed me by now, it's probably not gonna happen."



"Uh-huh. Keep telling yourself that. Now let's go."

Jeannie slid the key into the lock and turned it carefully, wincing at the click that sounded loud to her own ears. She looked at Jayson, who nodded, and she took a step back as he and Diego expertly slid inside like a pair of silent assassins.

Not even thirty seconds passed before Jeannie's mother's screech filled the silence. "WHO ARE YOU AND WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING IN MY HOUSE!"

So much for stealth.

Still, her family was alive, and that was something. Jeannie's eyes found Monica's and her friend bounded to her side, ready to help her face what she couldn't. "It's okay," Monica said with an encouraging nod as she linked their elbows. "You're doing the right thing. You know you are."

"I hope so," she whispered.

Her mother's screaming echoed against the silent desert. Jayson and Diego attempted to calm her down, only for her to yell out racial slurs at Diego. Jeannie cringed.

One of the soldiers raised an irritated eyebrow as if to ask if they were really rescuing her mother's sorry ass. Jeannie's face burned in shame as she stared at her feet and took one slow step after the other. She wasn't her mother. She wasn't the one yelling out offensive terms to Diego, so why did she feel like she was the one up for judgment against everyone else?

"!Ay, Dios mío! ¡Se pueden calmar, carajo!"

Jeannie understood just one word, and it didn't sit well with her that Diego was a perfectly good law-abiding citizen just checking in on a racist bitch who just happened to survive because she lived in the middle of nowhere.

"This is America! Speak English and get the hell out of my house!"

She stopped just short of the threshold and took a fortifying breath before turning to Monica. "Am I a bad person for thinking we should leave her behind?"

"No. I still ask myself how you're related to her, but the question is how would you feel if you didn't bring her with us?"

"Honestly? Relieved, but I know Daddy would have wanted me to be better. Mother has a personality disorder. Lydia is supposed to remind her to take her medications, but even then, my mother's behavior can be unpredictable." Jeannie bit her lip. "I didn't want to say anything, but the Mercedes doesn't belong to my sister. It belongs to her fiance."

"Do you think she's out there?" Monica asked.

"In the city?" Jeannie confirmed. Her heart clenched at the thought. She wasn't crazy about Lydia, especially since her entitlement was enabled by nothing but affection for simply existing, but it didn't mean she wanted her little sister to die at the hands of a group of mindless cannibals. No one deserved that. "She probably went to Starbucks."

Monica wrapped her arm around her friend and gave her a firm squeeze. "We'll figure it out. Let's just get your mom and go, okay?"

With a nod, Jeannie entered the house where Regina brandished a cast iron pan at Jayson and Diego as they kept their weapons lowered, which said a lot for the man being screamed at just for having brown skin. "Ma'am. Calm. Down. We're here to help."

Regina rolled her kohl-lined eyes while keeping her weapon up. Nearby, Lydia's fiance Oliver stood in gray slacks and a white rumpled shirt. Unlike Regina, he was unarmed and wore an expression of wide-eyed mortification as Regina ranted. "First, you come here illegally, you take our jobs, and now you invade my house? We've got a bunch of diseased people running around and for all I know, your people probably caused it."

Jeannie's hand flew to her mouth as Monica's grip on her arm tightened and Diego's eyes narrowed. A small muscle clenched in his jaw. "You're out of line. We're looking for survivors and these zombies don't give a fuck if you're white, brown or blue! So you can get your ass eaten or you can come with us."

The amount of control it took to not shoot Jeannie's mother on sight impressed her. Regina was a difficult woman, but her words were hurtful and uncalled for. Diego deserved a damn medal for keeping his cool.

were Jeannie stepped forward between the cross-fire. Her voice quivered with each word. "Mother, please put down the skillet. They're only trying to help."

Regina's brown eyes landed squarely on her eldest daughter, studying her the way one would if they were contemplating the most brutal way to crush an insect. She did lower the pan though, which Jeannie considered a very minor success. "What on Earth made you think it was okay to send armed men into our home? We have rights ."

rights "Oh, God, Mother. Please don't start. You had to have seen the news or noticed your phone doesn't work. This has nothing to do with civil rights. We're trying to survive ."

survive Regina slammed the skillet onto the counter, cracking the marble with a reverberating crack. "Survive? We're long past that. This country went to Hell the moment we allowed—"

Oliver immediately cut her off before she could say something even more offensive. "Regina, stop. We saw the news and we know what's out there."

"Fake news," she scoffed.

Oliver rolled his eyes. "I trust that 'fake news' a lot more than Twitter."

Oof. Not politics. Letting out a sharp breath, Jeannie said, "Mother, I saw what was out there. I was attacked in my apartment by one of the Soa—zombies. We've got a National Guard unit right outside and we're leaving."

Regina shook her head, sending her honey-highlighted hair in every direction. "No. I haven't heard from Lydia yet. We need to find her first. Then you all can leave. I refuse to believe in some pandemic that's probably an elaborate hoax."

Jeannie's eyes found Jayson's, and he shrugged. The whole point of being here was to check on families, though they both seemed to know Lydia probably wasn't alive. Diego shot her a look that said he'd probably rather leave Regina here to rot—not that she blamed him. If her mother didn't want to go, that was her choice, but Jeannie knew what she needed to do.

She sighed. "Alright. Can you tell me where she would have gone?"

"Starbucks."

Of course, she went there. Where else would she go that wasn't ridiculously overpriced and crowded with Soapies?

She suppressed a loud groan. "Which one?"



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Fifteen


Jeannie: Part Two

Jeannie: Part Two Neither Jayson nor Jeannie said a word, making the short drive feel like an eternity.

The others had wanted to come, but she insisted this was better done with just the two of them. Dread settled into her stomach like a rock—it was as if her gut was telling her Lydia hadn't made it. While she hated giving Regina false hope, Jeannie needed to see for herself.

She also needed to tell Jayson the truth. Her chest ached with the secret, but every time she opened her mouth, the words refused to come out. If this was how she felt after only a few hours, it terrified her to find out what this would do to her later.

How could people keep secrets so easily without it eating at them from the inside like a school of starving piranhas?

The truck slowed to a stop in the parking lot, pulling Jeannie out of her thoughts. The sun was now high overhead, melting them even in the cool AC. Everything about the Chandler plaza was familiar and foreign at the same time. This wasn't like the movies with the sepia and darker tones. Cars sat in the semi-full parking lots, the bright noon light glared off the store signs and windows, and people walked across the lot.

The problem was that these were no longer people. These were monsters whose humanity had been stripped away by a contaminated batch of soap. Thankfully, the Starbucks wasn't near a major grocery store or they'd really be in trouble. As it was, they were horribly outnumbered by the Soapies roaming the sidewalk and whoever lurked inside the little shops that had opened before eleven.

Several heads turned at the sound of the idling truck. Images of Eric turning and that stranger's shattered knee cap flooded her mind. "Jayson, I can't do this," she whimpered. ' Jean Bean ' echoed across her thoughts like a broken record. Eric's green eyes as they glazed over into white film replayed itself as he pleaded for her to kill him instead of letting him become a Soapie.

Jean Bean Jayson's rough, calloused hand found hers, pulling her out of her panic. "Jeannie, it's okay. Let me do it. God knows I've killed enough people overseas. What's one more Soapie?"

Something in his tone said otherwise-something that reminded her very much of Eric. Her boyfriend had suffered intense nightmares from his deployment, and he never spoke of it. Watching him thrash around and break into freezing sweats was enough to tell her it hadn't been good. And Jayson had been on that deployment with him. She couldn't help but wonder what demons he kept to himself. "Doesn't it eat at you inside?"

never His turquoise eyes found hers, filled with a dark history of a man who had seen his fair share of terrible things. Again, they reminded her of Eric, and it was easy to imagine those two being related, both in mannerism and appearance. "Of course it does, but someone has to fight. In war, it's us or them."

"But how do you live with it?" How could she live with being a murderer, even if she had done it to survive?

"I tell myself I did what I had to do. Is there something you need to tell me?"

If there was ever a chance to tell him the truth, this was it. He was handing her a way out on a silver spoon. All she had to do was tell him. Yet the words got stuck in her throat. There was no way Jeannie could tell him she was responsible for Eric's death. That and this really wasn't the time.

So instead of telling him-instead of doing the right thing-she shook her head, barely realizing she was crying again. "No. It was that guy who attacked me. I shouldn't have let him die."

It was a half-truth, but even that haunted her. How many deaths would she justify before she no longer felt the repercussions? How many people had to die before she became her mother, hateful and embittered?



"Listen to me. It's not your fault, okay? Everything you did was to survive. Eric wasn't your fault either. He'd have protected any of us, especially you. Just let me take over for a bit. Once we're in a safe place, I promise you'll have the time to grieve, but right now, you need to be strong. It's just a few more hours, alright?"

She nodded and pointed through the window. "We have incoming Soapies."

"I'm on it," he said, unbuckling his seatbelt and reaching for a rifle behind them with a suppressor already attached.

As if he'd spent his entire life climbing trees, he shimmied out of the door window and pulled himself onto the roof of the cab. The first set of muffled shots sliced through the air before the Soapies even made it ten feet. Jayson was like the freaking Tarzan/Rambo of the apocalypse.

Jeannie curled into a ball, trying to drown out the muted shots and visuals of Soapies hitting the ground. These were people a few hours ago. They had lives and families. They had those mundane jobs they hated but worked anyway to pay bills or save up enough to buy a meaningful gift. Now their sole purpose was to kill and feed.

Suddenly, she was back at her apartment, reaching for a canister of hairspray and a lighter, lighting up anyone and everyone approaching her on the second floor. She'd barely made it two steps when the Soapies surrounded her, their dead eyes raw with hunger. The heat whooshed against her face and hair the way an oven did when it was opened. She backed up until she met the railing and her hairspray can emptied. Then Eric had come in swinging his hammer with reckless abandon, giving no thought to his own safety.

"Aim...for my head...Please...I...love you, Jean Bean..."

Something grabbed her shoulders and shook her hard. Someone screamed at the top of their lungs, and it took her a full minute to realize she was making that sound. It took her another minute to realize Jayson was shaking her and shouting over her.

"Jeannie! It's okay, you're safe! You're in the truck, you're not at your apartment anymore!"

She broke, crumbling inside and out, giving in to her emotions. Jayson wrapped his arms around her as she sobbed and screamed into his shirt, unable to form a single coherent thought. All she knew was that her heart was bursting and she couldn't make it stop.

"It's okay, I promise it's okay. Just get it all out," he whispered, rubbing her back and stroking her hair. "I'm right here. I'm not going anywhere. You're safe."

Jeannie didn't know how much time passed by the time she calmed down. She should have been mortified—The apocalypse was not the place for tears. This was a world where only the strong survived. If she couldn't be tough for herself, she needed to do it for her friends.

"I'm sorry," she whispered.

"Please don't apologize. You've done nothing wrong and you're under a lot of stress. It's okay to cry."

okay Oh, she'd done loads of wrong things. He just didn't know. She didn't deserve his kindness. She wondered if he'd continue to support her when he discovered her secret. Somehow, she'd have to learn to lock away the truth and bury it if she was going to maintain her sanity.

She thought about leaving the group again, but she had a feeling Jayson would go after her. Either out of duty to Eric or from a strong personal code, this man would never leave his friends behind.

It took a monumental effort to pull herself away and find the courage to look at the bodies littered across the parking lot. It took even more effort to not throw up the remaining acid in her stomach. Each shot had hit its mark directly between the eyes. Jeannie wondered how many years Jayson had spent perfecting his skills. If he wasn't a sniper, he damn well should have been.



She shuddered as a chill ran down her spine.

So far, there was no sign of Lydia, but that didn't mean she wasn't among the pile.

"I think we should check the bodies," she croaked.

Jayson continuously glanced around the parking lot. Despite his mild concussion, he remained constantly vigilant. "Okay. Just stay with me. We don't know what's waiting inside the buildings."

Not who, but what. Jeannie had to remind herself again that these were no longer people.

She took one trembling step after another, examining each body the way she would a patient. Dead... Intestines strewn out like spilled spaghetti and mystery meat... Bite to the shoulder...Tendons hanging out like little strings of yarn... And every single set of white empty eyes staring ahead at nothing...

None of it felt real.

She was dreaming.

She was in a never-ending nightmare of corpses, sleepwalking through each waking moment.

Lydia wasn't there.

"Jeannie?"

"Hm?"

She turned, facing Jayson. For a moment, she'd forgotten he was with her. Maybe he wasn't real either. If she touched him, she could imagine him fading away or popping out of existence the way people did when she searched hard enough for someone in her dreams.

Yet there he was as he approached her with his rifle digging into her hip, mixing the smell of carbon with his sweat. His large hands scraped against her skin, but were otherwise gentle as he brushed his thumbs over her cheeks. His eyes were wide, curious, and concerned.

Jeannie suddenly felt empty.

"I think you're going into shock," he murmured. "We should go back. You'll get yourself killed like this."

Was death really so bad? She didn't think so. She could be with Eric again. She wouldn't have to worry about feeling scared or guilty.

"Come on," he coaxed, slipping his hand into hers and guiding her to the truck. "Our friends are waiting."

"But we haven't found Lydia. What if she's holed up inside the building, waiting for someone to help?"

He smiled softly—or maybe he grimaced. She didn't know. Still, he appeared to humor her as he nodded and said, "Okay. I'll go inside and clear the building, but I want you to stay in the truck and lock the doors. If I don't come back in twenty minutes, I want you to go back to your mother's house."

He pulled his keys out of his pocket and closed her hand around them. She opened her fist and stared at the Staff Sergeant Army key-chain on the hook, again reminded of a similar key-chain Eric carried. The only difference was that Jayson's carried more chevrons.

"I don't want to leave you too," she whispered.

His smile seemed more genuine this time as he said, "Then I'll just have to not die." His expression became serious again. "I mean it. Twenty minutes. Thirty at the very most. Then you leave."

She nodded and climbed back into the truck, doing as she was told. Jayson turned his back to her and walked tall with a confident gait toward the Starbucks. He paused outside the door, taking a moment to peer through the windows before disappearing into the building.

Then Jeannie waited.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Only fifteen minutes passed when Jayson came back alone. His tan shirt clung to his torso and sweat dripped from his arms and forehead as if he'd just run for several miles.

His eyes told the entire story: no one was alive. Still, she needed to see for herself if Lydia was in that shop.

Jeannie fumbled with the door handle and fell out of the truck, slamming her knees and scraping her palms against the hot asphalt. Pebbles lodged themselves into her stinging hands and her jeans tore from hitting the ground, but she didn't care. She pulled herself up and stumbled forward.

Jayson quickly caught her by her waist, preventing her from going inside. Her irritation flared, and she thrashed against him, making him wrap his arms around her in a crushing bear hug. "Let me go! I need to see for myself!"

Jayson's head pressed into her hair, but he didn't release his hold. "Jeannie, I may not know your family, but you all have very similar features..."

She shouldn't have been surprised. In fact, she'd mentally prepared herself for this outcome. So why did her chest feel so tight, like someone had stabbed her? Her breaths came in sharp, ragged gasps. "I-I need to see her."

"Jeannie..."

"God damnit, I need to see her!" she shrieked, flailing any part of her body that could still move.

"Okay," he murmured, loosening his grip. "But we'll go together."

Fine. She could accept that. They walked in silence through the doors, greeted by humming appliances and death. Unlike the parking lot, the bodies were fewer, but the scene was far more gruesome. Bodies lay torn to shreds like discarded ribbons across the tables and counters. Blood dripped into puddles, flowing in tiny rivers through the grout. Anyone unlucky enough to reanimate laid in crumpled heaps, reminding Jeannie of unwanted dolls.

At the very front of the horde, staring blankly ahead with blood smearing her fair skin and hair, her baby pink shirt stained from coffee and who knew what else, and her fingers caked in torn bits of flesh, laid her little sister.

Lydia hadn't made it.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Sixteen


Jeannie: Part Three

Jeannie: Part Three Lydia was dead.

Nothing could bring her little sister back. They'd never share stories again of questionable men, laugh over clothes Lydia texted for opinions, or plan for her wedding. They'd never argue over little things that didn't matter or make excuses to avoid lunch because they had nothing in common.

It hurt.

Growing up spoiled, Lydia could be clueless, but she was still her little sister. Jeannie took her trick-or-treating on their own when her sister was just give years old, dressed in a poofy princess costume and matching tiara Regina had custom made while Jeannie had gone as a doctor with her white coat and stethoscope. She'd done her hair and held her hand as they skipped down the street together, still close the way little girls always are when they're young. Lydia had cried when she received an apple from someone Jeannie suspected to be a dentist, so she'd given her sister some of her candy instead.

For Prom, Jeannie had spent hours consoling her sister after the judges announced her as Prom Queen runner-up while they crowned her boyfriend as Prom King, only for him to ditch her and get drunk with several of his friends. Jeannie hadn't cared for Lydia's boyfriend, but there were some things a girl had to learn on her own. Jeannie's job was to be there, not announce her opinions.

Selfishly, it was also a slight to Regina since Lydia was too ashamed to admit she'd lost her virginity to the guy in his car, only for him to break up with her the day after Prom.

Yes, Jeannie had always been jealous Regina favored her little sister, and it saddened her that they'd drifted apart when Lydia's shenanigans were no longer cute. She'd never had to work for anything while Jeannie fought to for respect, both at home and in her career.

Her sister laid unmoving, still staring at nothing while blood leaked from the clean shot above her eyes. The grieving side of Jeannie wanted to believe Lydia hadn't become a Soapie, that Jayson had killed her prematurely. The logical side knew Jayson wouldn't kill her if she hadn't turned. The irony of it all was that they'd killed the two most important people to each other. The difference was that Jeannie was afraid to tell the truth while Jayson owned it.

Jeannie couldn't move, she couldn't breathe, and she couldn't look away.

Jayson slowly turned her around and drew her into his broad chest. She should have drawn comfort from the safety of his arms, but all she could think of was that she was losing everyone. "I'm so sorry," he whispered.

She clenched her fists into his shirt and pulled him closer as if his proximity would protect her. "It-it's not your fault. It's better this way."

It wasn't. It should have been because Lydia didn't deserve that fate, but dead was dead. What would she tell her mother?

He sighed, kissing the top of her head. "Killing doesn't get any easier, no matter how many times you do it, or what you say to justify it. It's even worse when it's someone you know."

Was he trying to tell her something? If anyone would understand, it would be him. But she couldn't tell him yet. They needed to get their friends out first.

Also, she still needed to check on Eric's mom somehow. That woman hated her almost as much as Regina, preferring his ex-wife. Not that Georgiana had been mean—she just wished Eric had tried harder to work things out after his deployment. Jeannie only knew this because she'd been in her bedroom when his mother had come over and hadn't realized Eric wasn't alone when she'd tried to set him back up with Heather again.

It had hurt, the same way Regina's spiteful words always did, but she'd kept it to herself, not wanting to drive a wedge between Eric and his mother. He and Heather had history, and Jeannie was smart enough to understand she'd been a huge part of his adult life.



"Jayson... I think we should find Georgiana while we're out. Eric would have wanted to know if she and his sisters are okay."

He sighed. "I already tried calling them. The one time I did get through, Georgiana's phone rang until it went to voicemail. One of his sisters was up north with her kids and got out in time. She's on her way to a small post in Washington State, and she said it's like this everywhere. She said the longer we wait, the less likely it is we'll survive, and I think she's right. I'm worried about our drive across the city—Whoever hasn't turned yet will be fighting for their lives, and soon, they'll resort to savagery."

The thought of Eric's family not making it made Jeannie sad. He would have wanted to find out about his mother, but Jayson was right. The longer they waited, the more the group placed themselves at risk. Without help, the survivors wouldn't make it out alive, and that was assuming the help made in one peace themselves. It was Day Zero—the bloodbath at the Hunger Games cornucopia, and only the strongest would prevail.

Jeannie shouldn't have survived, but luck had propelled her forward, and no matter how much she said she didn't deserve to live, human nature was more stubborn than a suicide wish. That, and it would be an insult to Eric's death. He'd want her to move on. Eventually, she would, once she properly mourned him. She just needed to get through the apocalypse.

"Okay." She didn't have the energy to argue back. She was shoring up what little strength she had to face Regina, and she could feel the beginnings of a migraine at the mere thought of their reunion. "Maybe the National Guard can send a unit that way." Not that she believed it would happen. In a city with a million people, there was no way the military would get to every neighborhood.

"Oof." Jayson stopped himself halfway through a groan and recomposed his scrunched expression into a mask. "We can try."

"I thought you loved the military. Eric told me that was your whole life."

"It was," he murmured, working a muscle in his jaw.

"It's not like we have any other options," Jeannie reasoned. "If the Guard is in the area, they can at least look. It's either that, or we go unless you pull a magical solution out of your butt."

"Okay, fine, but I'm still not holding my breath for a lot of survivors."

"Well, aren't you a ray of sunshine?"

Jayson released Jeannie to hold open the door and looked heavenward, his palms face-up. "The forecast does call for a sunny hundred and eight degrees with chances of a soap apocalypse..."

The corners of Jeannie's mouth tipped up. Leave it to Jayson to lighten the mood, even in the worst moments. "Smartass."

"Better than a dumbass," he said with a grin.

Was she horrible for laughing at his awful joke? Her sister had just died. What was wrong with her?

Her laughter died on her lips, and she frowned again. "Why are we laughing?"

He grabbed her hand and led her outside while wrapping an arm around her waist. "Because it's easier than letting depression crush us. No matter the situation, no one is going to be one hundred percent sad even when they're depressed. Little moments like this slip in, making all the shit in our lives a little more bearable. It's okay to be sad, but it's also okay to cherish the little moments."

Jeannie leaned into him and turned his words over in her mind. It was true enough. A person could be suicidal and still laugh. Sometimes it wasn't enough to overcome the demons, but it was a tiny light among the infinite darkness. "I have a feeling we're going to need a lot of these little moments."



Jayson opened the passenger door and held out his hand with a gentlemanly flourish. Jeannie didn't know how he compartmentalized everything, yet she was glad for his naturally cheerful disposition. If not for the sudden apocalypse, she could almost imagine him settling down, having kids, and buying them custom-made soap plushies. She could even imagine Taylor stealing it because he hadn't thought of it first.

"Then let's go make those little moments. When we find safety, take your time to grieve, but then make sure you take care of yourself. Eric wouldn't want you to spend your life in misery."

That was a nice thought, but much easier said than done. At this rate, Taylor stood a better chance of choosing to not ever shower again before that happened.

Why did time always move faster when something dreadful awaited? This was like waiting for that inevitable grounding, multiplied by a million. It was as if the Stars aligned with the Powers That Be just to slow down time when it really mattered, like when that grounding never ended or the clock seemed to stop ten minutes before it was time to go home.

As if Jayson was in tune to Jeannie's distress, he turned on the radio and flipped through the song list on his USB until it stopped on a video game soundtrack. She looked at the title and raised an eyebrow. "Aria de Mezzo?"

"It's one of the most famous scenes in Final Fantasy history. Don't knock the opera scene."

Jeannie couldn't help a small giggle. "You're such a nerd."

"Just listen. It's a great song. There aren't any words in this version, and it's calming."

She listened, just to give herself something to do besides focusing on the dread. Just like Jayson had said, the music soothed her in a way nothing else could as the melancholy melody washed over her. After a moment, she asked, "What's this about? It sounds so sad."

Jayson kept his eyes on the road, but answered with a small smile. "The Opera scene? Maria is singing about her lost love. The East and West are at war and Maria is set to marry the Prince from the other side as her true love was believed to be killed. At the height of the scene, she climbs to the top of the tower and throws a bouquet of roses over the edge."

"That's...shockingly romantic for a video game. Does she find him?"

His lips curved into an even wider grin. "She does...until Locke ruins it by crashing the Opera, resulting in a boss fight with Ultros."

"Who?" Jayson may as well have been speaking Greek. The only game she'd ever tried was The Sims, and she had gotten bored after ten minutes.

"Oh, just a goofy giant octopus with his own nefarious intentions."

A set of giggles, beginning in her chest and working its way to her throat, burst out. "Oh, my God. That sounds weird."

"Weirder than my Soap Wars?"

Her laughter once again disappeared at the thought of Jayson's silly little soap war. Who'd have ever thought she'd miss something so ridiculous? Even worse, now that she knew what the opera meant, it made her sad to know she wouldn't reunite with Eric like Maria had with her lover. In this world, there were no happy endings.

Why had Jayson chosen this song?

Her lip trembled and Jayson slipped his hand into hers, stopping the truck inside Regina's driveway. He made no move to exit the vehicle as his eyes locked with hers. It was as if he could see into her soul as he said, "What makes this game so great is that the villain actually destroyed the world halfway through the game. Lives were lost, friends and families were split apart, yet the heroes all find each other and face off against Kefka in the end. Even at the world's lowest point, there was still hope."



"Do you really believe there's any hope left for us?"

Jayson tucked a loose gold strand of hair behind Jeannie's ear and offered her a wry smile. "I do. If anyone deserves it, it's you. Now we just have to get through all the boss battles to find our happy ending, but it will come."

He was wrong. There was no such thing as a happy ending, even in a pre-apocalyptic world. The only people who won were the Kefkas. Everyone else was stomped on until nothing else existed.

She didn't argue though. Instead, she hopped out of the truck and approached the front door with Jayson by her side. By now, it seemed almost natural for them to hold hands. His hand would find hers while she held on to him like a lifeline in a stormy sea. "Jayson, we can't tell my mother the truth. She won't understand. She-she'll find a reason to blame you for killing Lydia."

"I gathered as much during our visit. Though...I think you should tell us the truth when you're ready. We aren't your mother."

Jeannie froze mid-step. That one sentence was enough to send her into a frenzy. He couldn't possibly knew the truth and be okay with it. Her chest immediately tightened—each breath felt like a stab to the heart.

"I-I don't know what you're talking about."

A powerful set of hands spun Jeannie from her waist as a set of hardened turquoise eyes clashed with hers. He wasn't unkind, but he wasn't playing her game either. "Jeannie, I've seen more than enough death to know what it does to a person. I just want you to know you can come to us, that you don't have to bottle it all in."

Again, he was giving her a way out, but she just couldn't make the words surface. She shook her head and bit her lip. "I can't."

He pressed his forehead against hers and held her close. "It's only been a few hours, and it's destroying you. Even if you just talk to Monica, please tell someone."

"Jayson, I can't, okay! Just-just let it go. Please. I can't."

God, he was too good for this world. She knew he'd understand and had a feeling he knew what she'd done, yet he was still giving her the choice to tell him.

She was crying again, though quietly this time, wrapping her arms around his waist. She was afraid to let go. If she did, they'd lost the moment, and he'd never speak to her again just because she was a coward.

It was irrational, but it was how she felt.

"We'll talk about this later, but I do think it's best if you do it sooner than later."

Jeannie nodded and strode purposefully to the front door, brushing away stray tears every few seconds. She looked around the empty driveway before entering the house. "Where is everyone?"

Jayson hung his head and groaned. "No idea, but as long as we're not being invaded, I just don't care right now."

Fair enough. Jeannie wasn't inspired by this squad either, but had given them a chance anyway just because Eric loved the military so much. She figured even active duty had their rotten apples—he just hadn't been part of a bad unit yet.

They walked inside, hand in hand, where sure enough, Regina had calmed down enough to make sandwiches for everyone as they sat around her couch and pigged out on free food. Jeannie wasn't sure if she should be glad they were eating while they could or pissed that she and Jayson were left to do the hard work.

Sunlight filtered in through the patio window, making everything seem almost normal as soldiers and friends alike sat on the beige sofas around the cucumber sandwiches. The only people truly on edge were Oliver and Jeannie's friends as they carried themselves nervously, sitting still with rigid postures and clenched fists. Regina was the only person trying to maintain the peace, playing the hostess as if she hasn't just gone on a racist rant only an hour ago.

Oliver was the first to look up. His brown eyes met hers and he looked so damn hopeful that Jeannie almost lost her nerve. "Jeanine! You're back!" He looked around the way one would when expecting the best.

Jeannie tried not to hate herself more than she already did, especially when he asked, "Where's Lydia? Did you find her?"

She could so easily say no. In fact, she could have said no. No one would have judged her less than her mother was about to. Still unable to help her honesty, she said, "No. Lydia—she-she didn't make it."

Regina's head snapped up and her glare zeroed in on her faster than a sniper. "What do you mean, she didn't make it?"

Jeannie couldn't respond. Her mouth felt like sandpaper after a long walk, and her heart ached as if it was trampled in a stampede.

After a long, pregnant pause, Jayson answered for her. "Exactly what Jeannie said, Ms. Adams. Your daughter didn't make it. I'm sorry."

Human emotions were a funny thing. On one hand, he seemed apologetic, though Jeannie didn't know if it was for her sake or the fact that he'd killed again. On the other, he seemed annoyed with Regina's imperial tone. Was it possible to feel sorrow and irritation over the same thing? Usually Jeannie felt one or the other, but never both.

Regina's hospitable, fake smile deserted her, replaced by grief and rage at the news of her favorite daughter's demise. Her fingers flew to her chest and her eyes watered with giant ass tears that would put a crocodile to shame. "Y-you're wrong!" She clawed at her chest, stomping her feet against the tiled floor. "Lydia's fine, you just didn't look hard enough! You didn't try! You're just making it up!"

Jeannie counted to five. No matter what, Regina didn't want to believe the truth as much as she refused to accept she'd lost her baby. She straightened her shoulders and met her mother's gaze, saying, "I saw her myself. She didn't make it. They tore her apart and turned her into a monster."

Regina sank onto the couch, giving into theatrical sobs while Oliver held her and cried with her. She didn't move to comfort Jeannie or ask how she was doing. Instead, between her tears and hyperventilating breaths, she said, "Why? Lydia was perfect. She did nothing to deserve this."

Jeannie bit her lip until she drew blood. Her mother was insane. She suffered from a personality disorder. Her actions weren't her fault.

Then, "I wish it had been you."

Something snapped inside of Jeannie and she spit out the words faster than she could stop herself. "YOU SELFISH BITCH! YOU THINK YOU'RE THE ONLY PERSON WHO'S LOST SOMEONE! I KILLED MY BOYFRIEND SO HE WOULDN'T BECOME A MONSTER! AT LEAST LYDIA DOESN'T HAVE TO WALK AROUND, CONSTANTLY CRAVING FOOD! I WISH IT WAS YOU!"

For the first time since arriving at her mother's house, Jayson dropped her hand, watching her with wide-eyed betrayal. Not because she hid the truth—she knew that much since he'd killed her sister, but because she'd only told the truth when she'd been forced.

In fact, everyone's eyes were now on her as if she was the one to murder her sister.

Screw Tuesdays indeed. Wednesday needed to hurry up and arrive, and the zombie apocalypse needed to be a bad dream.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Seventeen


Jayson

Jayson Jeannie killed Eric.

Jayson's head hurt from more than his concussion. He'd known it-he had-and he'd given her every opportunity to tell him. Yet she'd waited until her mother had forced the truth out of her.

He didn't know what to think or how to feel.

Jeannie seemed to realize her mistake too late and stepped backward, as far away as she could get. The abyss widened with each step she took and each moment of silence that passed between them.

He wanted to reach out, to tell her he understood. But he also wanted to scream at her and tell her she should have told him first.

All he could manage at the moment was a stutter as he tried to wrap his mind around all the fucked up events of the morning. "W-why didn't you tell me? I gave you a chance to tell me!"

As a man, he shouldn't have been crying, but goddamn those tears for burning his eyes, anyway. "He was my best friend... He was your boyfriend! You should have told me!"

And god fucking damnit if her own tears slipping down her cheeks didn't break him. He wanted to hold her and call her every name he could. It was all he could do to rein in his turbulent emotions.

A small sob escaped her lips, nearly breaking him even more. "I'm sorry. I didn't know how to tell you. I-he-he was scratched and asked me to do it. I didn't want to!"

As she fell into a sobbing heap, Monica threw her arms around her best friend and leveled a glare at him as if this was his fault. If she had her way, everything would be on him.

Everyone remained silent, including the racist banshee queen continuing to stare daggers at the group.

Fuck that bitch.

He did the only thing he knew how to do—he turned and walked out of the house, running his hands through his hair. He came upon the truck, the closest thing to him beside the stupidly perfect ranch house behind him, and screamed as he kicked the truck repeatedly. He used every curse word he knew and abused the truck until nothing made sense in his head.

And why couldn't he stop crying? This wasn't the time for that.

"¿Estás bien?"

Jayson shook his head and pressed his head against the passenger door. "Not even close, dude.

Diego stood next to him and leaned his back against the vehicle. "I don't know you like your friends, but I do think she didn't want to hurt you. I think we all hide the truth from the people we care about."

Jayson clenched his fist as he blinked back the tears that refused to stop. "Eric was my best friend. We went overseas together—we saw shit. He loved her so much, and I'd do anything to protect her in his stead. I just wanted the truth."

so "Come on, man. We've all lied when we didn't know how to tell the truth. She killed her own boyfriend. And if he was your best friend, I think it makes perfect sense she wouldn't tell you. I've seen people kill without a second thought who wouldn't confess because they didn't want to be caught. She's nothing like them."

No, she wasn't. She was his friend, a woman who only knew how to tell her truth lest it ate her up inside. There were times she could be harsh, but she loved her friends.

He released a deep sigh and headed back toward the house. "You're right," he murmured. "I'll talk to her when her crazy mother isn't around. Speaking of that though... are you okay? She shouldn't have said those things. That's not cool."



Diego shrugged, opening the cab door and reaching for a bottle of liquor and popping the cap. "Eh. It's not the first time I've heard it, and it probably won't be the last. I could go on all day about your white privilege, but the zombies don't care. They'll kill everyone, no matter who you are."

"You know I don't think that way, right?"

Diego took a deep swig before shuddering from the strong alcohol. "Ugh. I forgot how much I hate vodka." He set the bottle back in the bag and wiped his mouth. "Look, I know you're not racist, but it's not about that, man. You have so much, and people don't go around asking if you're American. They see my brown skin and I have to go through the embarrassment of proving my nationality. You have everything just given to you, no questions asked."

"I wish it didn't have to be that way. We're all people."

Diego offered him a wry smile. "I know. Unfortunately, life doesn't work that way for minorities. I'm a cop and people still tell me to go back to Mexico. It doesn't matter that I'm Argentinian; no one cares as long as I'm not in 'their' country. Minorities are always going to fight, and that's just how it is."

Again, Jayson wished it wasn't true. He wished that things didn't have to be about color or nationality, but he saw Diego's point.

"Am I a bad person for wishing the sister made it instead?"

Diego shrugged. "Is anyone a good person? Go talk to your friend. I'm not saying you have to forgive her right away. I'd be pissed too, but I also understand she probably made an impossible decision. She needs your support, not your judgment."

Eric wouldn't have wanted him to judge Jeannie. Jayson probably couldn't have pulled the trigger, no matter who he'd killed. And he killed Jeannie's sister, but she wasn't his best friend. She should hate him too, but had instead accepted his actions with no questions asked.

"Okay. I'll go get her, but then we need to go. I want to get out of the city before it's completely overrun. The longer we wait, the harder it will be to get out."

"Cool. I'll be here with the alcohol," Diego said, rummaging for something else.

"Just don't steal the soap," Jayson said with a laugh. "Taylor doesn't like that."

"So tell me what he does like."

"Ask him yourself," Jayson called back. He stepped back inside where Regina sat on the sofa, allowing Oliver to console her while she paid no attention to Jeannie.

He shot a glare to his friend's mother, who glanced up with bloodshot eyes and smeared mascara. "What can you possibly want now?"

Jayson lifted an eyebrow and bit back the retort to leave the witch behind. He didn't think Jeannie would like that. And he really wanted to make her happy. If not that, then at least comfortable. He kneeled down and pulled her into his arms. "Hey, friend. Remember what I said about hope?"

She pressed her face into his chest and wrapped her arms around his waist. "I'm sorry," she whimpered. "I'm so sorry."

He rubbed her back and held her close. "It's okay. You did what you had to do. I know this. I just wish you'd told me."

"I know," she sobbed. "I didn't want to. I wish it had been me."

He kissed the top of her head, suddenly forgetting his crush on Monica. Had it not been for Eric being his best friend or their current circumstances, he might have considered the insane impossibility of Jeannie.

The apocalypse had a funny way of drawing out strange emotions that would have otherwise stayed buried. But this was no time for one of those zombie/bad boy romances. He didn't ride a motorcycle, wear a leather jacket, or treat the girls like a piece of meat.



This was a matter of life and death, keeping his friends safe, and not buying cheap soap.

"Please stop. It wasn't your fault. I just need time to process it. I don't want you to blame yourself though, okay?"

She nodded, pressing her cheek against his chest. "I wish this would end. I don't want any of it to be real."

His throat tightened with emotion. He wished the same thing every single day. Six years later, and his deployment still hadn't left him. All he had to do was look at his burns as a permanent reminder of the roadside bomb he'd hit and the loss his convoy had sustained. "I know. That's war; it doesn't go away. We learn to move on. So let's go find that facility and do that, okay? I promise you there's still hope."

Monica and Taylor sandwiched them in a group hug, making Jayson suddenly very agoraphobic. This would probably be one of the last moments they shared as friends without bickering, and he wanted to savor it.

So instead of pulling away, he brought his friends closer. "I love every single one of you," he mumbled. "No matter what happens over the next few days or months, I just want you to know that you three are my family."

No one said anything as they all pressed in closer to each other, everyone seeming to realize they may not have a chance later to express their feelings.

The racist coughed from her position on the couch. "Why are you all still here? Jeanine, you need to take your friends and leave."

Jayson bit back the urge to tell her to walk into a horde of Soapies as Jeannie stiffened in his arms.

Instead, Taylor looked up and pulled away from his friends to stand at his full height, which sadly still wasn't impressive. Regina would probably be taller than him, even without shoes. His deep blue eyes never wavered as he cast a glare of disdain on her.

"You are such an ungrateful bitch. You have the fucking National Guard here, willing to escort your racist ass to a military facility, but all you want to do is yell out slurs and tell us to leave. A real mother would have comforted her daughter instead of kicking her to the curb."

Taylor turned without giving Regina a chance to respond and held out his hand to Jeannie. "Jayson's right, we're your family. So let's go find that facility and start over."

Jeannie watched him with puffy, red eyes and nodded as she took his hand. She drew an unsteady breath and turned to address Regina, her voice trembling with each word. "We came here to check on you, because it was the right thing to do. I know you're unwell, and I can only hope you get your act together before someone isn't as kind as these men here. We've all lost someone, and you've done nothing but make this about you. If by some miracle you make it to that facility, don't look for me. We're done."

She turned to make her way to the front door with Taylor in tow. Jayson was about to follow suit when Monica slipped her arm around his waist, reawakening that happy little beast inside his chest. Okay, maybe the apocalypse could make a sliver of room for a crush.

Leaning into him, they walked together into the bright sun where the others waited. "You're a good guy," she whispered.

The beast was now performing a little happy dance at her validation. Jayson tried to tell the monster to calm down, that this was an apocalypse and not a zombie soap opera, but Monica's proximity and perfume only fueled the creature, not to mention other things.

His little brain was going to get him killed if he didn't get his big head back in the game.

With an effort only He-Man could master, he broke away with a pained smile. "I try," he murmured.

Her dark eyes met his, and his heart did a weird thumpity thing when she linked their fingers together. "You are," she insisted. "You can be a little harsh, but I know you care. I'm sorry I yelled at you earlier."

Thump-thump-thump-thump-thump...

His crush... holding hands... saying nice things to him...

Was there time to find an empty house and steal a condom from Diego's stash? Everything he'd previously thought about this not being the time went out the window. They'd probably be dead in a few days, anyway. At least they'd go out with a satisfying bang.

The moment was being by Sergeant Heard's heavy footsteps in the gravel road. "Yo, Sergeant Horndog, get over here!"

Monica's cheeks reddened, and she quickly broke away to join her friends by the truck. Jayson closed his eyes and drew in several cleansing breaths before walking up to the cock-blocking asshole.

"Seriously?" he whispered. "It took me four years just to get her to speak to me."

"You'll be groaning a zombie love song if you don't put it back in your pants," Heard said remorselessly. "I just heard from one of the other squads. South Phoenix is on fire, and the Guard hasn't come across many survivors. Tell your friend I'm sorry, but we need to leave now."

So much for empty houses and fantasies. The little beast would have to wait. And then they'd all have to survive.

And then he was going to hunt down whoever contaminated the generic soap and burn the Tropical Tidings facility to the ground.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Eighteen


Monica

Monica Jayson's pinched expression said it all: whatever he'd heard hadn't been good, and their chances for survival probably weren't any better.

He strode over to the vehicle and dipped his head as he squeezed his eyes closed. Jeannie sat up front with Taylor this time, and Diego stood nearby, glancing back and forth between the National Guard and the ragtag group of friends.

Jayson approached them, balling his fists at his sides. Monica stepped forward to greet him, but stopped short of hugging him, thinking it'd probably be inappropriate, despite the safety it offered. It was stupid, really. Hugs couldn't ward off the zombies, but she still wanted one. There was something comforting in knowing she wasn't facing this alone.

She hugged herself and leaned against the side of the truck. "What's going on?"

Jayson's eyes flicked toward the group, and he lowered his voice. "The National Guard wants to get out of the city. South Phoenix is on fire and they're finding more zombies than survivors. We won't be able to check on Diego's mom, and we have to assume most of Eric's family didn't make it. His mother isn't answering, and I only reached one of his sisters up north."

Oh.

It didn't feel right not to check on Eric's mother. Jeannie's had been closer, and all they'd received in return was batshit crazy political and racist comments. At least Georgiana would have been receptive to a rescue.

She tossed her pride out of the window and slipped her arms around Jayson's waist, happy to feel a moment of normalcy in the crazy world they'd found themselves in. To her surprise, Jayson immediately returned the embrace and inhaled deeply.

"I don't know if I can do this," he murmured.

"Do what?"

His hold tightened as if he was afraid to let go. Through a heavy sigh, he said in a thick voice, "Keep us alive. I've only ever fought off enemies who shot back. I know nothing about zombie survival. And if I lose any more of you, I..."

Monica leaned back to look into his misty eyes. The playful demeanor she'd always known was gone, as was his tough, gung-ho facade. In its place was sadness and insecurity.

She released his waist, only for him to pull her closer as she cupped his face in her hands and met his wide-eyed stare. "Jayson, you're placing way too much pressure on yourself. Survival isn't a one-man job. If we get through this, it will be together. This might sound cheesy, but one of our biggest strengths is our friendship. And if all else fails, just throw some soap at them and run very fast."

Jayson snorted, and his amiable smile returned. "I knew we'd get you into the Soap Squad."

"I wouldn't go that far," she laughed, pressing her face back into his chest. "It may or may not have bought me time in the pharmacy. I still think you and Taylor are weird with your soapy shenanigans. I wouldn't be surprised if you two dressed as soap for Halloween."

"Well... we do have that coming up in two months. We can always go with a zombie soap theme."

She rolled her eyes and smiled, happy to have Jayson's carefree side back. She didn't know if they'd survive a week, let alone the day, but she would take what she could get with the brief moments between the horror.

About thirty seconds passed before Jayson broke their contact, leaving Monica wishing for more time before they faced their new reality. She dropped her hands and clenched them at her sides, lest she do something stupid and reach out for him again.

Jayson offered her a wry smile and inclined his head toward the truck. I suppose we should break the news and get going now. The longer we stay, the more likely we are to be stranded in a sea of a million Soapies."



She nodded and stepped back, forcing her heart to be still now that their moment had passed. For the very first time since they'd met, Jayson had finally shown her his vulnerable side. Now, he was back to the hardened soldier who had survived severe burns and firefights overseas.

If she hadn't known better, she'd say she imagined it, except she did know better, and something had definitely shifted between them in the span of five minutes.

Jayson stepped around her and strode toward their friends. Monica followed silently, taking care to maintain their distance as everyone else looked up.

"We have a change in plans," Jayson began. "Checking in on friends and family is off the table. Sergeant Heard wants us out of here now before leaving is no longer an option. I can't make anyone stay with the group, but I'm going to keep pushing forward with the guard.

Assuming the facility in Nevada hasn't yet fallen, that's going to be our best bet if we leave now before the electricity and cell phone towers go."

Diego's head jerked up and his arms tightened across his broad chest, his nails digging into his bare arms. "What about survivors? Are we really going to leave everyone behind?"

Jayson never faltered as he spoke in an even tone. "It's a shitty situation, but we have to think about survival now. We have no guarantee anyone we love is alive, and each minute spent in the city is only going to put a strain on the few resources we have. We need to leave before we find ourselves in a gridlock."

Diego pressed his thumb and index finger against his eyelids and released a long string of Spanish. Finally, he removed his hand and straightened his shoulders. "I don't seem to have much say in the matter, do I?"

"No one is forcing you to stay," Jayson snapped.

Monica stared back and forth at the men, wondering why they felt the need to engage in a piss show while so many other things were at stake. Her eyes briefly met Jeannie's, and her friend merely shrugged as if to say people will be people, no matter what the situation entails.

Diego opened his mouth to retort but closed it when Taylor loudly spoke over them. "Or we could make a stop on the way through since we have to use the freeway at some point, anyway."

He stepped out of the truck and held out his phone, where Diego and Jayson immediately stood on either side of him. Next to both men, Taylor appeared much shorter than usual, sandwiched between two ferocious animals being released into the wild for the very first time.

He inched backward, visibly relaxing only after he achieved a semblance of personal space before bringing his attention back to his phone. "It's going to be impossible to avoid the city and any major roads because everything is laid out in a grid system. The freeway will be crowded, but it's nothing compared to vehicles blocking all the major intersections. If you think about this logically, most people were on their way to work or already there when the Soapies came out to play, so where do you think the most congestion will be?"

Diego raised an eyebrow. "Why do you call them that?"

Taylor waved him off with a sour expression. "Do you want my help or do you want to keep comparing dick sizes?"

Monica bit back a laugh and touched her fingers to her mouth to hide her grin. Diego would learn soon enough to never knock the soap if he wanted to stay on Taylor's good side.

Jayson coughed and turned away, but not before Monica detected the hint of a repressed smile.

Diego pinched the bridge of his nose, looking as if he wished he was back at the gas station again instead of with a group of weirdos.

Monica couldn't tell if she was sorry for him or amused that Taylor had kept his blunt charm.

Finally, Diego ran his fingers down his face and mumbled, "Okay. What do you have, Soap God?"

Taylor rewarded him with a grin as he kept his eyes glued to his phone, chattering excitedly. "To answer my question, everyone is going to be in the heart of the city. Even if the freeway is clogged, we can drive on the shoulder or even use the military five-tons to clear a path. Seventh and Baseline is on the way out, so we may be able to make a slight detour and catch up with the National Guard. It'll be risky, but I'm willing to drive you in there if it means giving you peace of mind."

Diego sucked in a sharp breath as Jayson's head swiveled in his direction. Even Jeannie looked up with raised eyebrows.

Taylor shrugged and pocketed his phone. "What? It's the right thing to do. If you guys want to go with the Guard, that's fine, but I don't feel right about leaving everyone behind if there's a chance to save another life."

Diego's closed his eyes and swallowed hard as he took several slow breaths. Monica didn't blame him. Taylor's generosity was already a rare gem. There was no telling what the world would do to punish the surviving good Samaritans, but she refused to leave him alone.

She stepped forward and took his hands into her own. "I'll go with you. You need someone to cover your six, anyway. You're a terrible shot."

Jayson shook his head in resignation. "Guess that means I'm coming too, little buddy. The Soap God needs his sidekick." He turned to Jeannie. "What about you?"

"We're a family," she responded. "We don't leave anyone behind."

Taylor beamed and faced Diego. "Well?"

The other man nodded with heavy emotion in his voice. "I really don't know what to say. You don't even know me."

"Just shut up and say okay," Monica chirped. "Once Taylor sets his mind to something, he'll move Heaven and Hell to make it happen. The only rules are to never steal his soap or buy a generic brand."

Diego laughed so loud, everyone within the vicinity of the house turned to them. One of the Guardsmen shushed them, and Regina looked as if someone placed something particularly dreadful beneath her nose.

"What is with you guys and your soap obsession?"

Monica patted his shoulder. "It's seriously better if you don't ask. Just accept the madness and roll with it."

"I guess. Still, I'm grateful. You don't know what this means to me."

"Oh, stop being emotional and let's go find your mom," Taylor said cheerfully, making his way back to the truck and turning the ignition.

Diego followed, leaving Jayson and Monica alone again. Their eyes met before their hands simultaneously found each other. Monica couldn't help the little skip in her heart as Jayson's fingers curled over hers.

"I'm glad you're going with us," she whispered.

His hand pulsed against hers, and his eyes glittered against the glare of the sun. "As if I'd ever leave you behind. We're in this together."

He dropped her hand before climbing into the bed of the truck, leaving Monica to wonder if together meant them or everyone.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Nineteen


Taylor: Part I

Taylor: Part I It's just one more stop.

It's just one more stop. You're doing the right thing.

You're doing the right thing. But will the right thing get you killed, or worse, turn you into a Soapie?

But will the right thing get you killed, or worse, turn you into a Soapie? Taylor's hands clenched the steering wheel like a lifeline. Who was he kidding? The right thing wouldn't kill just him. It had potential to kill every single one of his friends. He should have made them go with the Guard.

Diego sat beside him in the front while Jayson sat wedged between Monica and Jeannie in the back, clutching the microphone to his CB radio as he spoke with the convoy ahead.

Before leaving, they'd outlined Taylor's plan to use the freeway with the Guard leading the way. Regina and Oliver had taken their own respective vehicles with Jayson's truck in the rear.

As far as the Guard knew, this was to prevent anyone from falling behind. Jayson had conveniently left out the part about their little side quest in case anyone tried to stop them.

As they drove on the 202, abandoned cars blocked most of the road and their forward progress was slow at first as the five-tons ahead nudged vehicles out of the way to clear a narrow gauntlet for those behind them. Metal screeched against metal, and Taylor cringed, especially when Soapies rushed forward toward the source of the noise.

Shots rang out from the truck ahead, and Taylor tried not to jump every time a weapon fired. So far, the group hadn't run into any trouble of their own in the back, but the military's ammo wouldn't last forever. And when that happened, they would all be SOL when the undead gained access to an all-you-can-eat buffet, stranded on the main road like sitting ducks.

The further they drove, the more his heart settled into his stomach. They hadn't come across any survivors in the abandoned cars. There was no one in sight—people left their doors open and smashed out windows to flee on foot, but it was clear most didn't make it far. The carnage, chewed off limbs, bits of flesh, and blood splatter, lied on the road, leaving easy picking for scavengers. The gridlock was impossible to navigate, and even with the military trucks clearing a path, they'd only made it four miles themselves in an hour.

Taylor tried to focus solely on Regina's ugly pink Caddie, but every time they passed another abandoned car, his eyes immediately darted to his left. Despite the truck windows being rolled all the way up, the baking meat in the afternoon sun burned his nostrils, making his eyes water and his stomach churn. If he came out of this alive, he was never eating meat again. Unless it was Diego, but in an entirely different context.

He smacked his head. Thinking about that in an apocalypse was inappropriate and stupid when they should focus on survival. That, and his resolve didn't normally dissolve faster than cheap bath salts. Diego could be a serial killer for all he knew.

"Oh, god," he breathed, bringing his shirt up over his mouth. "I'm gonna be sick. I can't do this."

Monica and Jayson both reached for a different shoulder and squeezed each side of him.

"You've got this, little buddy," Jayson said encouragingly.

Taylor shook his head, and his hands trembled against the wheel. "I can't," he whispered. "It hasn't even been a day and almost no one has made it. I'm the least likely to survive, we all know it."

"Oye, Dios del Jabón, cálmate," Diego murmured. Taylor had no idea what he said, having learned French instead of Spanish, but he picked up God and calm, so he assumed it couldn't be completely bad. At least, he hoped it wasn't.

It didn't do much to slow his racing heart and the accompanying chest pains.

In English, Diego continued, "Listen, we all have our own strengths and weaknesses. If we work together, we'll survive together. That's what a team does. And you've made it this far, haven't you?"



Taylor continued to shake his head, refusing to believe the comments meant to make him feel better. He knew his attributes, and there weren't many in an apocalypse.

"Only through sheer luck. I'm useless," he mumbled, echoing Jayson's words from the pharmacy. As hurtful as they'd been, they were true.

"You are not useless, Taylor Whitaker!" Monica shouted behind him, making him jump in his seat. "Who came back for me and fought off all of those zombies? You."

not "I ran out of there like a little bitch that first time!" he countered. "It took me like three tries before I finally shot that guy in the head!"

"But you still came back. You still survived. Stop focusing on what you can't do and start thinking about what you can do."

can "I-"

He really didn't have a counterargument for that at the moment. It didn't help when Jayson pitched his own two cents into the mix. "Hey, I never should have called you useless back at the pharmacy. You're literally the smartest person I know, and you're going to survive with us and see your dad again, alright?"

Taylor's throat tightened, a little because Jayson was one of the few friends he'd ever felt like he could be a hundred percent honest with, and also at the mention of his dad. Instead of supporting him when he needed most, John had rejected him with no ifs, ands, or buts.

They hadn't spoken since their fallout his senior year of college. Taylor had already had control of his trust fund by that point, so John Whitaker couldn't take that away even if he'd wanted to, but he'd done something far worse. He'd cut Taylor completely out of his life, had refused to speak to him, and Taylor's mother had tentatively sided with John, even if she hadn't stopped speaking to him.

His dad may have been willing to extend the olive branch now, but that didn't erase an entire decade of emotional scars.

If it wasn't for the apocalypse, how much more time would have passed before his dad reached out to him? Why did the end of the world matter so much when his father could have accepted who he was back then?

Did John even want to see him?

Or was it an excuse to survive?

And when Jayson and Monica inevitably got together, because it would happen, would they really want him as an annoying third wheel? Would Jeannie even notice he cared while she grieved? It wasn't like Diego would give him the time of day once they reached Nevada. They didn't even know each other.

He was no one, and not one of his friends needed him.

"Taylor?"

Jayson's soft voice sounded more like a gong in his head in the truck's silence. There was no music to tune everything out—all the DJs had were massacred on the air, with groans, snarls, and tearing flesh mixing with the terrified shrieks of those being eaten. Occasionally, a broadcast would go out for people to find a military post, only for an update later, informing the populace that yet another location had fallen.

Eventually, Taylor flipped off the car radio, though incoming transmissions continued through Jayson's CB.

Now, more than anything, he wanted something to mute out the noise with, helpless to do anything but sit in his seat and take it and the accompanying migraine.

Before anyone else could respond, Monica shouted, "Stop the truck!"

Taylor slammed on the brakes on instinct, even though stopping in a city with over a million Soapies probably wasn't a good idea.

Sergeant Heard's voice came over the radio. "Papa Four, what's going on over there? Why did you stop? Over."

Papa Four?

Papa Four?

Taylor guessed it had something to do with the military and radio etiquette. Who knew? Though if he was Soap God, Jayson should be the Soap Thief. Or better yet, Taylor should adopt Soap Prophet instead...

"That's Corey's car!" she cried, bringing him back to reality and his attention to the blue Camry beside them.

The doors had seen better days, even before the dents with fresh blood smeared across the side panels. A man's remains lay scattered across the front of the car, with his face half-eaten and fingers missing from his hands. Chunks and obvious teeth marks dug deep into the flesh and a tattoo sleeve was the only defining mark on the mutilated remains, leaving Taylor to wonder how Monica had recognized him among the sea of vehicles and cannibals.

Also, who the hell was Corey? He thought he recognized the tattoo from the guy's arm at the pharmacy, but that would mean he hadn't made it very far in the carnage. Fuck. He should have stayed with the group.

"Papa Four, what is your status? Over."

Jayson spoke into the radio. "It's nothing, Papa One. Continue mission. Over."

Jayson nodded at Taylor in the rearview mirror. "Keep driving. We can't take any chances on stopping for the dead. We don't know what we might face, and don't forget the most of these people probably brought animals with them."

Taylor didn't need another reminder of Loki's white eyes and snarls to hit the gas pedal. He had a feeling if he made it to the end of the day in one piece, the animal would haunt his sleep for several nights to come. And until now, he hadn't even thought about the possibility of zombie animals.

Monica inhaled a sharp breath as she struggled with Jayson behind him. "Damnit, let me go!"

"Oof, stop! Corey is dead! Half of this city is like him or the Soapies. We... can't... stop!"

"Don't tell me what I can't do!" she cried. "He could have left me outside of the pharmacy, did you know that? If it wasn't for him, I wouldn't still be alive!"

"He shouldn't have left the group then!"

Taylor sighed. Jayson had always had Monica's best interests at heart, even more than Taylor did when they'd dated. Monica had always found reasons to brush him off. It was something he could never figure out when his best friends had so much chemistry together.

Wondering if he was going to regret this later, he slowly stopped the truck and addressed Jayson. "Dead or not, he took half the medicine, right?"

Jayson glared at him through the rearview mirror. "I don't care what he has in that car! It's too dangerous!"

"But he isn't moving!" Monica countered.

"For how long? We don't know the first thing about this virus or how it turns people. As a scientist, you should know better. Didn't you grow up on horror and disaster movies?"

"I'm pretty sure soap never caused zombie viruses in the movies, Jayson. We need that medicine."

Monica's seatbelt clicked and the side cab door opened as Monica slipped out before Jayson could reach for her.

With a curse, Jayson went straight after her with his rifle in hand. "If you see a Soapie, you fucking drive, Taylor."

"No, no, no. Just get back in the truck. I can't do this without you guys," he pleaded, running his hands through his hair. "I can't. I—"

His breathing came in short, shallow bursts, and he trembling as Jayson hopped out. Over his shoulder, he called out to Diego and Jeannie, "Keep him calm. If we're bitten, shoot us in the head and go."



The door slamming didn't cover Jeannie's gasp or her own whimpers in the backseat. Taylor glanced into the rearview mirror to see fat tears rolling down her face, no doubt remembering what she'd done to Eric.

Could he be strong enough to pull the trigger on his friends?

He turned in his seat, unable to tear his eyes away from the death trap Monica had so willingly walked into, slowly inspecting the car as Jayson kept his weapon ready, constantly watching their surroundings.

The glass drowned their words, but Monica nodded curtly, tore a strip away from her shirt with a knife from Jayson's belt, and wrapped the fabric around her hands. She flung open the driver's side door and jumped back as Jayson aimed his rifle at the driver's seat, but the man remained motionless.

"Ay, ta basta," Diego muttered, leaning over Taylor's shoulder to get a better look. "Volvé al camión. No me gusta esto."

Sweat mixed with cologne drifted into Taylor's nose, and he held back a gag. He imagined the smell would only get worse once the water went out with the electricity and they went without showers. The thought made him shudder more than the outdoor Soapie barbeque in the sun.

Mistaking Taylor's movement for fear, Diego placed a hand on his shoulder and squeezed, sending all sorts of weird sensations in places that shouldn't be functioning right now. Taylor smacked his forehead. This was not the time to be thinking about sex, even if it had been awhile. "Stupid, stupid, stupid!" he mumbled.

not "Oye, relax, Soap God. If anyone can do this, it's GI Joe over there."

Yeah, that didn't help either. Neither did Diego's warm breath against Taylor's neck, sending tingles zooming up and down his spine.

He coughed and redirected his attention to Monica, who was now leaning over the man's remains, twisting her body so she didn't come into direct contact with him.

"What the hell is she doing?" he whispered in a squeaky voice, sounding more like a kid who had yet to reach puberty.

The truck shifted beneath Jeannie's weight as she crawled to the driver's side and peered out the back window. "She's popping the trunk. Look!"

Taylor's eyes landed on the back, where the trunk sat partially open. Monica carefully backed out and ran to the back, throwing the trunk open all the way, digging through the back before she found what she was looking for. With a cheer even Taylor heard through the glass, she slung a giant duffle bag over her shoulder and raced to the truck.

Her and Taylor's eyes met, and she smiled. Taylor motioned for her to hurry and get back into the truck and she ran toward them with Jayson keeping watch around them.

Just as the bag landed in the bed with a thump, something slammed against the vehicle door so hard, the truck rocked to the side.

Jeannie screamed, Diego cursed, and Taylor clapped his hands over his ears at the sight of the 9 mm in the officer's hand as he swiveled around to face what had just come knocking on their door.

A man in his mid-thirties, dressed in a blue shirt stained in blood, stared back at them with hunger in his milky white eyes. His mouth curled over his teeth as he banged the truck again, looking for a way inside, despite his free meal waiting on the other side.

Diego sat in place, pointing his weapon at the window with shaking hands, but didn't pull the trigger.

"Jeannie, get Monica and Jayson in from your side. Taylor, get ready to drive once everyone is in."

His voice gave away no fear as he continued his stare-down with the increasingly frenzied Soapie, who now clawed at the glass with raw, bloodied fingers.



Taylor swallowed, barely able to keep a grip on the wheel as another Soapie came from behind the first. "Shit, shit, shit!"

"Stay calm. This isn't where we'll die."

"Why aren't you shooting?" he demanded.

Diego backed into Taylor, putting as much distance as he could between himself and the snarling Soapies outside. "Trust me, we want this glass in place. I'll only shoot when I absolutely have to."

The back door opened, where Monica quickly scrambled inside, sucking in huge gasps of air.

"Where's Jayson?" Taylor asked, spinning around to make sure no one came up on his side.

Monica slammed the door shut right as the truck rocked again and gunshots pierced the air over the moans of the Soapies outside. The first man dropped before Taylor could register what was happening, and then the second dropped almost immediately afterwards.

Jayson banged on the back glass, making Taylor jump in his seat. "Drive!" The glass muffled his voice, but his hand motions were clear, so Taylor stepped on the gas, sending everyone lurching forward as he remembered to set the transmission in drive.

Diego fell forward with only the dash to break his fall, slamming his shoulder against it. "¡Hijo de puta!" he muttered, rubbing his shoulder as he grabbed the mic to the CB radio. "Yo, Papa Grandé, what's your status up ahead?"

"It's not looking good," Heard said over the radio. "The further in we go, the more condensed it becomes. If we don't get off the freeway now, we're going to be trapped. Over."

Diego pursed his lips together, and Taylor could see the wheels turning in his mind. He opened the glove box and rifled through the contents until he took out a map, spreading it across the dash and studying it intently before speaking into the mic again. "We aren't far from Pecos road. We can take that exit and try to go around the city as much as possible through back roads. Is there another place we can rendezvous to come up with a plan?"

"I know of a Guard/Reserve facility still intact on the outskirts of Phoenix, but it's in the opposite direction of where we want to go. Over."

"It's better than nothing," Diego said, clenching his hand over the mic. "Do you know what's going on with the other units?"

"Negative. We lost contact with the squad in South Phoenix shortly after it caught on fire. Another unit called us to say it's spreading. The main freeway is no longer an option. Phoenix is already a giant death trap. Over."

Diego sighed and slowly shook his head. "Mierda."

Taylor met Diego's dark coffee eyes, watching the other man study him. His throat bobbed and his breaths shook each time he slowly exhaled. "What is it?"

"My mom is in South Phoenix. I don't think I'll be able to get to her, especially if we're going to survive."

"Diego, I'm sor—"

Diego placed his hand on Taylor's arm, silencing his pointless apology. "It's okay. We have to think about the group, even if it means making hard decisions. It's only gonna get worse from here."

Taylor stared at Diego's hand and back into his eyes. The man's eyes flickered down to Taylor's arm, and he removed his hand, blushing slightly at the action.

Taylor wanted to reach out, pat his leg, arm, or even squeeze his hand to let him know he was there, even if they'd only just met. He wanted Diego to know he wasn't alone among strangers, that he was with family, even if they couldn't take his mother's place.

"Is there anything I can do?"

Diego shrugged. "All we can do is get out of the city and try to find a way to safety."

Taylor sighed, feeling useless. He forced himself to turn away from Diego and focus on the road, only for his phone to buzz in his pocket.

Fishing it out, his dad's number flashed on the screen.

"Hello?"

"Taylor, thank God. I was worried after our first connection dropped."

"I'm fine, but I don't think we'll make it out of the city. We're close enough to the outskirts to avoid the Soa-zombies, but we're on the wrong side with no way around."

Silence followed, and Taylor checked his phone to make sure the call hadn't dropped again. When he saw the line still open, he said, "You there?"

"Yeah. Sorry, I was thinking. I might be able to help, but you would need to get to a safe location."

"What do you mean?" he asked, unsure how his dad could help him from another state.

"Our last name still means something to the government, kiddo. All I need is a set of coordinates. If you make it to that location, I can get you flown out here. Do you think you can manage that?"

"What about everyone else?" There was no way Taylor could leave his friends behind, even if it meant losing his only ticket to safety.

"We'll cross that bridge when we get there. I'll do my best to ensure your friends make it out too."

Taylor didn't like the sound of 'I'll do my best,' but it was the only shot he had to get them all out together. He was just going to have to trust his dad and hope he came through.

Making up his mind, he said, "Okay, but I'm not going anywhere without my friends. They're all I have left. If they stay behind, so do I."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Twenty


Taylor Part II

Taylor Part II "What was that about?" Monica asked from the backseat as Taylor ended the call. "What do you mean by staying behind?"

Taylor shook his head. He couldn't admit to them, let alone himself, that he didn't have faith in his dad to get them all out alive. Even if John Whittaker could pull those kinds of strings, they'd have to find a safe place to wait for rescue.

Then there was everyone else who'd be left behind.

Monica rubbed his back in a circular motion—he knew it was her because she'd done it countless times when he'd been stressed over something stupid. He melted beneath her touch, relaxing his hands on the steering wheel.

"My dad says he can have me flown out to Nevada," he murmured.

"But?"

Jayson's question hung in the air like an unpleasant smell. No one broke the silence, making the truth even more unbearable.

Taylor swallowed hard, focusing on the road ahead, bumping over the occasional zombie stupid enough to get in the way and splattering blood against the windshield. Blood of something that used to be a person.

Monica continued to rub his back until she scratched it lightly, sending tingles through his spine under the fabric.

"It's okay, Taylor. Just tell us. I promise you'll feel better."

No, he wouldn't. The thought of leaving behind the only people he considered family made him curl in on himself. But it wasn't like he could hide this from them, especially if John had his way.

Taylor sighed. "My dad said he'll try to get you all out too."

try "And you don't believe him?" Jeannie asked.

Taylor fought the urge to scream. "You don't know him. I'm sure he'll do everything he can, but he only says he'll try to make me feel better. I haven't spoken to him in nearly ten years. Why do I matter now?"

This was the closest he'd ever gotten to the truth with everyone but Jayson. No one knew why they'd fallen out because it had always been easier to shut out the memories that had torn him apart.

Thinking about the hatred in John's eyes the moment he'd come out all those years ago—the one time his dad hadn't been there—was enough to make his throat tight and his eyes burn.

Jayson squeezed his shoulder. "You do matter. Maybe he's always wanted to reach out, and this was the first time he could do it."

"Where was he when I needed him?" Taylor cried, making Monica retract her hand as his shoulders coiled like a snake.

When no one answered, words spilled out of his mouth. Anything was better than the heavy silence threatening to choke him.

"When I was in college, I dated this girl. Her name was Ashley, and my parents were so sure I'd marry her. Except I didn't, because..."

His words trailed into a black void as he relived one of his worst memories. Falling out with his parents had been bad enough, but the topic of Ashley was almost just as bad.

"We don't have to talk about this," Jayson murmured. His best friend, the only person who knew the worst things about him, but stood by his side anyway, was still there to protect him.

Sucking in a deep breath through his nose, Taylor shook his head and spoke in a thick voice. "Who the hell am I kidding, Jayson? It's the end of the world. They might as well know."

Jayson's hand tightened against his shoulder, sending him the strength to tell his friends what he'd been hiding all these years.

"Ashley and my mom... I know they were just trying to help. I was always different growing up. I was quiet, shy, and the smallest things could ruin my day. Kids bullied me to the point of being homeschooled, and there were times I wasn't sure I'd make it through college. Anyway, they thought I should get tested..."



"For what?"

The question came from Monica while Jeannie answered for him.

"You're on the spectrum, aren't you?"

A muscle in his cheek twitched. These days, it was nothing. When he was growing up, people whispered about ASD like a dirty secret. He'd refused testing on principle, even if he suspected it might be true. What would that label do anyway, besides brand him as different from everyone else?

He could only nod, unable to say the ugly truth out loud.

It also surprised him Jeannie had picked up on it, despite being a doctor. She'd probably known all along but had been too decent to mention it until he was ready.

He continued his story instead, ignoring the implication. "When Ashley approached me with the idea, I knew she'd talked to my mom. I didn't handle it very well and broke up with her because I felt like I couldn't trust her. She was the one person who was supposed to love me no matter what, and instead she saw me as something she could fix. I withdrew after that until my roommate brought me out of my shell. We... I never realized... I didn't even know I liked men."

He whispered the last sentence, afraid of everyone's judgment to follow, especially Monica's.

Silence hung in the air and no one said a word. Minutes passed with only the hum of the truck over the road as everyone processed his words.

Finally, Monica placed her hand on his back again and traced a delicate finger down his back. "Why didn't you say anything?"

"Would you have dated me if you'd known the truth?"

Her sigh punctuated the thick atmosphere around them. "Maybe. I don't know. But I think as your best friends, you should have trusted at least us. So you like men. I can live with that. What I don't like is that you didn't give me a chance to accept or reject the truth."

He sniffled and rubbed his eyes with a free hand. "I couldn't...my dad kicked me out the moment he found out."

He couldn't tell them how they'd screamed at each other until John had slapped him. Not once had either of his parents ever struck him until college. That was the moment he'd turned his back on his family without a second glance.

He had tried a few times to be normal—he'd even gone back to Ashley for the sake of hiding who he was, only for it to backfire spectacularly when she wanted more than he couldn't give her.

"Everyone I've ever cared about has left me," he admitted quietly. "Even Devon. He wanted me to come out, and I was still struggling to come to terms with my sexuality. When he broke up with me, I came here to start over. No one had to know I was John Taylor Whittaker Junior. To you guys, I could be just Taylor. I was happy, and now it's all gone."

And as if admitting his darkest secret wasn't bad enough, a single tear dripped from the corner of his eye until the salt nestled into the corner of his mouth.

He'd never felt so small in his life.

And now everyone knew just how weak he was.

Monica's arms slipped around his chest from behind him as Jayson continued to grip his shoulder. Jeannie reached out as well, resting her hand on his arm.

Monica was the first to speak, debunking the terrible things he told himself every single day. "We love you, Taylor. No matter who you are, you're our best friend. You're our family, okay?"

He nodded, overwhelmed by her calm acceptance. Right now, the world hadn't just ended. Here in the truck, they were the same family they'd always been, inseparable until the end.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. No one said anything while they drove on the 202. Just like in every movie and disaster scenario, people had gone straight through Phoenix, ignoring the loop.

The radio played only static now as the city crumbled around them. Not even a repeated message played to tell anyone where to go. There were no pleas for help or gurgled screams of people being torn to shreds as his boss had been over the phone.

On Taylor's right, the fire in South Phoenix rose so high, it bathed the city in an orange glow, mixed with black smoke. Despite the fire being far enough away to not affect them, just the sight of it made Taylor sweat.

The worst part was thinking of how many survivors were trapped, forced to burn to death or risk being infected.

Both options were horrible ways to go.

Would that be his and his friends' fates?

A sharp, stabbing pain lanced through Taylor's chest, and he struggled to catch his breath. He pressed a hand to his racing heart, unable to steady it.

"What's wrong?" Diego asked beside him.

He couldn't speak, breathe, or think. Seeing the fire had suddenly shattered everything he'd ever known his entire adult life, even more than the Soapies in the pharmacy. The pharmacy was one place, full of maybe a dozen people. Phoenix was a major metropolitan city, filled with over a million flesh-eating cannibals.

And how many cities had fallen?

How many countries?

Something buzzed in Taylor's ear. Or maybe it was blood rushing to his head?

Something shook his shoulder, and he jerked on the steering wheel, sending the swerving to the shoulder of the road. The women screamed, and the men cursed as Taylor pulled to a stop. Clutching his head in his hands, he rocked back and forth, drowning everything and everyone out.

He couldn't do this.

The world was ending, and only the strong would survive.

He wasn't strong. He was the opposite—weak, useless, and a liability.

Even worse, Taylor had a way out but had no guarantee to take his friends with him to safety.

If he left them behind, he'd hate himself. If he stayed, they'd be killed.

No matter what, they were all screwed.

Unable to take the stifling air and stares burning into his skin any longer, he unbuckled his seatbelt, jumped out of the truck, and ran along the shimmering desert sand, away from his friends, the fire, and most of all his own guilt.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Twenty-One


Diego

Diego "Where the hell is he going?" Jayson sighed, scrubbing his hand over his red eyes.

"He's having a panic attack," Jeannie whispered. "You should go after him."

Jayson groaned. "Ugh, this is not the time for this! Each minute wasted is another minute the Soapies could catch us by surprise. He needs to get his head on straight."

"Or you could try showing a bit of compassion instead of pushing him further away," Monica snarled.

Diego closed his eyes before unbuckled his seatbelt with a loud groan. "Ay Dios mio! Shut up! You're making my mind hurt with all of your arguing! I'll go."

Everyone turned to him with raised eyebrows. Diego sighed as he pushed the door open. "Look, everyone handles stress differently. We can't expect him to just magically be okay with zombies running around and compartmentalize it. So while you go on your dysfunctional rages, I'm going to go after him before we waste any more time."

Not giving them a chance to respond, he hopped out of the truck and took off in Taylor's direction, huffing in the baking heat.

Damn, he should have drunk more water. Still dehydrated from standing on that cab for so long in the sun, his brain was fuzzy and his stomach cramped. His legs burned from running uphill, and he could only marvel at how Taylor had run so far in such a short amount of time.

He continued his ascent until he reached the top of the steep incline. Taylor sat on the rocks with his knees drawn into his chest and his head down.

Poor guy.

He pressed his hands against his thighs and took a moment to breathe once he checked to make sure no zombies were nearby. They were relentless, not pausing for anything, be it pain, heatstroke, or thirst. All they wanted was flesh, and come Hell or high water, they wouldn't stop until they got it.

Once he caught his breath, he slowly approached Taylor the way he would a caged animal.

"Taylor?"

The other man made no move to lift his head. "Please go away," he mumbled.

Diego sighed. Given everything that had been over-shared in the past few hours, it was no wonder Taylor was having a massive panic attack. Honestly, he was surprised it didn't happen sooner.

He took a seat beside Taylor, maintaining some distance so he didn't scare him off.

"Sorry, but I don't leave anyone behind."

Unlike his bastard of a partner who'd sped out of the parking lot without waiting to see if he was still alive.

Spilled milk. No need to dwell on it. The shy man curled into a ball was his priority. He could wish for karma to strike later.

Diego gave Taylor's shoulder a slight squeeze but retracted his hand when the other man flinched. He sighed, remembering aversion to touch as being a symptom of his condition. While Taylor had initially appeared quirky, the confession explained so much while somehow adding to his charm. Even though he could understand Jayson's frustration and urgency to keep pressing forward, Diego also couldn't help his desire to comfort the guy.

Taylor could have easily left Diego to die on that cab. Yet he didn't, and it was a debt that could only be repaid in kind.

Taylor kept his face buried in his knees, drawing his legs even closer into his chest. "Just go," he mumbled. "I'm only going to get you all killed."

"Or we can keep you safe. You just need time to adapt. I wouldn't be surprised if you became the strongest person in the group."

A muffled snort came through Taylor's arms, and he looked up with wide, blue eyes—vulnerable and guarded at the same time as if he wanted to believe Diego but felt like the joke was on him.



"I think we both know I'm the weakest person in the group," he murmured.

"You're only as weak or strong as you allow yourself to be," Diego said in a soft tone. "What happened to the fierce man who said he wouldn't leave his friends behind? What about that brave leoncito who wanted to charge through the hoard of zombies if it meant getting to my mother?"

"Temporary insanity," Taylor muttered with an eye roll. Then, "Wait, did you just call me baby lion?"

Diego snickered. "That's what you're worried about? It's a term of endearment for little lion."

Red that most likely had nothing to do with the late summer heat tinged Taylor's cheeks. "I'm not so sure how I feel about that."

"If you can call the zombies Soapies, I can call you little lion," Diego said, confident in his ability to lure this shy, attractive man out of his shell.

Sure enough, the corners of Taylor's lips tilted up and down until he could no longer fight back the smile. He fixed his stare at the ground as he picked up a small rock and sent it tumbling down the slope.

A bang in the distance snapped their attention away from their reprieve. Fire continued to spread across the city, bringing down buildings while belching out plumes of black smoke. Within mere minutes, hundreds of years of Old Western culture were wiped out with the fragility of a bubble against a needle.

If the destruction wasn't bad enough, groans punctured the air, adding to the symphony of flames, car alarms, and mini explosions.

Taylor's body became rigid as his fingers dug into the sharp rocks. Diego stood up and looked around, kicking himself for not paying attention as a set of moans and gnashing teeth came closer.

"Taylor, get up," Diego ordered in a harsh whisper.

Taylor sat trembling, frozen to the spot and mute. It was as if Diego's words had fallen on deaf ears.

Rocks crunched beneath his boots as he took a step back, scanning his surroundings for the source of the zombies. "Taylor, I know you're afraid, but I'm right here with you. I need you to get up and listen to everything I say, okay?"

Taylor nodded and clambered to his feet, continuing to shake from head to toe.

"You're doing good. Let's get back to the truck. If I tell you to run, you go as fast as you can and don't look back."

"I don't want to get you killed," he said in a cracked voice. "I wouldn't be able to forgive myself."

"Oh, I don't plan on dying any time soon, leoncito. This might be the end of the world and all that, but I intend to live long enough to get to know you."

Had he just said that out loud? Judging by Taylor's deepening blush, Diego had gone off and voiced his thoughts instead of keeping them inside his head where they belonged.

He sighed. If they got out of this alive, that man owed him a kiss or one hell of an equivalent for a thank you. He didn't know what it was about Taylor, but his fragility awoke a primal need to keep him safe—something he'd never felt towards anyone until now.

Had they had more time, Diego would have been leading Taylor to his bed, exploring all sorts of possibilities with him. The thought sent a wave of heat to his groin, and he shifted. This was not the time to be horny.

Clearing his throat as quietly as he could, he whispered, "I don't think they've heard us yet. I want you to make your way down that hill while I keep a lookout, alright?"

When Taylor didn't respond, Diego carefully cupped the other man's face in his hands, forcing him to make eye contact. "You can do this. I believe in you, but you need to believe in yourself too. Do you trust me?"



Taylor's breath hitched at the contact, and he swallowed hard before nodding slowly.

It would have to do for now. "Good. Now start walking. I'm right behind you."

Taking small, timid steps, Taylor finally moved forward. Swiveling his head from side to side, Diego drew his gun and carefully pulled back the slide and flipped the safety switch off. The blaze distorted everything around them, making it impossible to determine where the closest moans came from.

"Is it all clear ahead of you?" Diego asked, leaning into Taylor's back.

"Yeah."

"Truck still there?"

"Y-yeah."

Crazy and emotional friends aside, Diego was relieved they'd waited. The last thing Taylor needed to hear was his own personal theory that Jayson might have taken off if it'd been up to him. Then again, he had the strangest feeling Jayson was being an asshole to cover more than just his stress of the day. It was honestly difficult to say, but Diego recognized the confusion and intense emotions behind his eyes whenever he looked at the brunette and Taylor. He seemed to hold the blonde in high esteem, yet the longing wasn't nearly as noticeable as it was with the others.

All Diego could conclude was that Jayson's alpha attitude would come back to bite him in the ass later. It might be useful in terms of survival, but it wouldn't make the man any friends either. The only way they'd all get through this was to work together. Somehow, he visualized Jayson as the king of the sandbox, refusing to relinquish his favorite action figure.

For now, the first step was getting Taylor to the safety of the group. "Okay, I want you to get to the truck as fast as you can."

"Aren't you coming?" he asked in a shaking voice.

"Sí, now go!"

Just as Taylor began his descent, two zombies appeared from the corner of the overhead pass to his left. Both of them couldn't have been any older than seventeen, dressed in baggy shorts, printed t-shirts and dirty Converses. Their shaggy hair clung to their heads in sweat and blood as bits of muscle hung in shredded strands like loose threads of yarn from the taller zombie's arm. A chunk of flesh was missing from the other boy's face.

Diego swallowed back the bile threatening to spew out again for the second time that day. He'd seen a lot of shit as a cop, had enjoyed watching said shit in action movies, but this took gore porn to a whole new level.

As if they sensed two juicy human hamburgers set out in front of them, their heads both turned in Diego's direction.

"Oh, mierda. ¡Corre!"

Whether or not Taylor understood him, he seemed to get the message and picked up his pace, loudly making his way down the incline. Seconds later, Taylor shrieked.

Diego had only a second to glance over his shoulder in horror as Taylor tumbled dangerously fast over the rocks until he landed in a heap at the bottom.

He wanted nothing more than to run after Taylor to make sure he was alive, especially since he wasn't moving, but Diego wouldn't be doing anything if the zombies reached him first.

When he turned back around, the zombies were less than ten meters away and closing in way too fast. With no hesitation, Diego popped off two shots, landing both hits to their foreheads. They dropped faster than a sack of potatoes, with one completely still while the other twitched on the ground. He considered shooting again, but decided against wasting the ammunition. Others would have heard him, and he needed to move before he extended his dinner invitation to anyone else.

Spinning around, Diego half-ran and half-slid down the rocks until he reached Taylor. Jayson and the brunette were both out of the truck, trying to pull him up to his feet. His face had become ashen as blood trailed down his arm and dripped from his elbow, twisted in an awkward angle. Diego's stomach clenched even more at the sight of bone protruding from the skin.

Jayson's face reddened and his eyes blazed as they landed on Diego, already condemning him before the trial. "What the fuck happened?"

Diego ignored him and went to Taylor's side, only for Jayson to grab him by the collar of his shirt and shove him back. "You were supposed to bring him back in one piece!"

"What do you think I was doing, cabrón? I just saved his ass while you sat back here like a little bitch!"

Jayson pulled his fist back, readying to swing, only to stop when the brunette shouted at him. "Jayson, stop! It won't do us any good to fight with all the zombies out here. We need to get to a safe location and set the bone."

Jayson's nostrils flared as he gritted his teeth. After a beat of five, he dropped his fist and helped Taylor inside the cab. The blonde was already tearing open packs of bandages and pulling supplies out of a duffel bag, shouting orders at them as Diego ran around the driver's side and took the wheel. Jayson sat in the back and pulled Taylor's head into his lap while the brunette took the passenger seat beside Diego. The truck hadn't even moved five feet when she drew her own pistol and slammed a magazine into it.

He had to admit her efficiency impressed him.

She locked her brown gaze on to his and nodded. "Just drive, cowboy. I'll worry about the rest."

"He'd better be worried about more than a few Soapies chasing after us," Jayson snarled behind them. "If anything happens to Taylor, I'll feed you to them myself."

Diego counted to ten before allowing himself to breathe again. Regardless of the outcome, he had a feeling he and Jayson wouldn't be holding hands and braiding each other's hair any time soon. Even worse, he worried about the inevitable power struggle that lied ahead.

Given everything he'd seen and heard today, their situation was nothing more than a ticking time bomb, waiting to take everyone out with it.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Twenty-Two


Jeannie

Jeannie Sweat dripped down the side of Taylor's head, mixing with dirt and blood from the many scrapes he'd sustained during his fall. His face had lost all color and his chest barely rose and fell as his attempts to struggle became more feeble by the minute.

Jeannie had seen him go down and had immediately gone into doctor mode, reaching for the medical supplies and sanitizing everything with Taylor's liquor. The moment she saw the bone coming out of his skin, she knew it was bad. Copious amounts of blood gushed from the inflamed skin around the injury, and Taylor cried out every time she tried to staunch the bleeding.

Jayson screamed at Diego while Monica shouted at him to be quiet, making it difficult for Jeannie to concentrate as she assessed the damage sustained during Taylor's fall. She pressed against his stomach, wishing she had her stethoscope to listen to his lungs, but all she could do was guess and pray he didn't have internal bleeding or a collapsed lung.

Desperately trying to block out the strings of curses thrown in three directions, she focused solely on Taylor, who hissed every time the truck hit a bump in the road.

"Taylor, sweetheart, focus on me, okay? Can you tell me your birthday?"

He groaned.

Jayson stopped hurling insults long enough to pat Taylor's face. "Hey, little buddy. No going to sleep. We need you awake to answer questions, alright?"

"Uck off... unghhh...."

Better to be responsive than not at all. His pulse was too rapid, and his breathing was too sharp and rapid. She prodded at his ribcage and continued her questions. "Does it hurt when I press on your chest or stomach?"

He squeezed his eyes shut and scrunched his nose. Jeannie pressed her ear to his chest and sighed in relief.

"What is that gonna do?" Jayson asked. "What about the bone?"

With a sharp huff, she shot him a withering glare as she massaged her temples. "Who's the doctor? I don't mean to be a bitch but I have an MD while you have Boy Scout knowledge of first aid."

Tears slipped down her cheeks and her voice rose higher with every choked word. Now that she'd begun her rant, she couldn't control the vitriol that continued to spew out.

"Either shut the fuck up or so help me, I'll shove your ass out of the truck. All you've wanted to do since I stepped foot in your house is fight with everyone, and I'm just fucking done with it! We've all lost someone today, and we're going to lose Taylor too if he doesn't receive medical attention immediately!"

all Jayson's turquoise eyes widened with realization, and he swallowed. "B-but-it's a broken bone," he said, unsure for the first time since Jeannie had known him. Even more unsure and broken than hearing the news of Eric, his brother and comrade, the potential loss of Taylor drained every hostile reaction from his body.

Biting her bottom lip, Jeannie released a shaking breath. "If it was a closed fracture, I could easily set the bone and place his arm in a splint. Compound fractures are so much more dangerous. If I were to set it without medical equipment, I could tear tissue or rupture a blood vessel, causing him to bleed to death."

Jayson shook his head repeatedly, as if that would make her words untrue. "No, I refuse to accept that. There has to be something we can do for him. Don't people break bones all the time on hikes and stuff and live for a week before they're found?"

This time, Monica spoke up from the front, her voice thick with emotion. "Sometimes, but that's something you see in a movie. You don't hear the part about all the medications he needs to fight off pain and infection. That's not even including how many complications he'll have from the injury."



She sniffed and stopped speaking. Jeannie had been there through every part of Monica and Taylor's relationship, and this was the first time her best friend had ever shown so much emotion toward her ex-boyfriend. Their relationship had always seemed so casual, yet Jeannie wondered if there were deeper emotions that the pair could never express between Monica's emotional walls and Taylor's fear of commitment.

Diego remained silent as Jayson spoke up again, holding Taylor close to him. Tears filled his own eyes and his face contorted with grief. "Jeannie...I can't lose him too. He... I can't... not after Eric—not after Afghanistan..."

The infamous deployment that gave both Jayson and Eric nightmares almost every single night—the one neither of them ever spoke about. Eric had lost his marriage while Jayson could barely function without his humor to cover his scars.

If Jeannie could only hug Jayson and give him the magic answer to life and all of its problems, she would do so gladly. Except she couldn't. All she could do was tell him the truth.

"I don't know what to do. I can't take him to a hospital. Doctors' offices aren't much better, and just by looking at his arm, I can tell you he's at a very high risk for infection if he doesn't receive treatment. He'll be dead within a week."

Silence fell upon the friends as the reality of their situation sank in. Zombies, not even humorous enough to be called Soapies anymore, had taken over. Humanity was nearly gone within the course of a day, and the virus set all the way back to prehistoric times.

Fat, heavy tears dripped down Jeannie's cheeks. Losing Eric was hard, especially since she had been the one to pull the trigger. Listening to her mother scream at her and tell her in front of everyone Jeannie cared about that she should have died in her sister's place was even worse, leaving her alone with almost no support.

But Taylor didn't deserve to die. He was sunshine in a bottle and the heart and soul of their group. He was innocent and even childlike at times, but he deserved nothing but love he'd never found in adulthood.

"I think... we should call his dad," she said, disinfecting his cuts with vodka and gauze. She didn't know what good it would do without a proper facility, but the doctor within her couldn't give up.

Jayson reached into Taylor's pocket and opened the screen, pressing a button before putting it on speaker. At first, nothing happened until a busy signal sounded. He tried it again, only for the same result. "Damnit! Why is it the one time we need to get through, we can't?"

one Because life was a bitch.

Jeannie brushed back a fresh wave of tears and shrugged. "We'll try again when we get to that Reserve post. Maybe his dad can speed up the process or something."

Honestly, she wasn't holding her breath for that. Unless Mr. Whittaker was in bed with the government, there was no way that man could send help for just one kid. Jeannie would just have to do the best she could and make Taylor comfortable.

Diego filled the silence, making Jeannie jump. She'd forgotten he was there between all the chaos. "I have a really crazy idea, but it might work."

"What do you mean?" she asked in a hopeful tone.

Jayson also looked up with a gasp. "I'll take anything at this point, man."

Diego drummed his fingers against the steering wheel and continued to stare straight ahead, sucking in a deep breath. "What if we took him to an animal hospital? They have similar equipment, right?"

Jeannie locked eyes with Jayson, and he raised his eyebrows in response. "I mean, it's possible..."

"Think about it. Animals break bones all the time. They have to have some kind of imaging or surgical tools to fix them up, right? Not just that, but criminals pay off vets all the time for a few stitches when they're running from the cops. And if everyone went to hospitals and doctors' offices for the virus—"

"Then no one would be at the animal hospital!" Jeannie finished, crying in relief. "Oh, my God, Diego, you're a genius! I might actually save him. Will you all help me?"

A chorus of shouted affirmatives filled the car, and she immediately set to work on binding Taylor's arm as Monica gave Diego instructions to the nearest location in their direction.

Sergeant Heard's voice suddenly came over the radio, reminding them that they were still technically part of a larger convoy, one that included her mother and Oliver.

"Papa Four, what's your location, over?"

Everyone fell silent, trading glances with each other before Jayson shrugged. "Diego, you may as well tell him we'll catch up. See if they can give us an address for a rendezvous point."

Diego picked up the microphone with a nod. "We have a casualty, and we're stopping to treat him. Can you give us a rendezvous location? Over."

"Negative. Leave any injured behind. We need to set up camp at the facility and move forward. Any injuries will slow us down and impact the mission. Over."

His words hit Jeannie with the impact of being punched in the chest. "He can't do that!" She breathed. "What about the Army values Eric was always spouting off? Would you all leave your friends in combat?"

Jayson shook his head. "Never. One of the Warrior Ethos is to never leave a fallen comrade, but that was also before the world went to shit."

"I'm not leaving him. He wouldn't leave any of us!"

Jayson took her hand and gave it an encouraging squeeze. "I know. No one is leaving anyone behind. We're family, remember?"

She nodded before shifting to reach for the microphone in Diego's hand. This sergeant had another thing coming if he thought they'd blindly follow him into the apocalypse. She pressed the button and spoke into the radio, barely hearing herself over the blood pounding through her ears.

"Listen up, motherfucker. I'm the only goddamned doctor you've got, and if I say someone is worth saving, I'm going to damn well try. You might want to remember that when your own life hangs in my hands. So you can either give us a rendezvous point, or you can fuck off. I don't need your permission to save anyone, you got that?"

Five seconds passed before Sergeant Heard came back with a hasty, "Yes ma'am."

"Glad we understand each other. Now give us the directions and we'll meet you there when we're done."

Jayson snorted behind her. "Remind me never to piss you off. You're terrifying when you're angry."

Jeannie returned the radio to Diego before settling her attention back on Taylor, casting Jayson a quick grin. "Never tell a woman what she can't do, especially a doctor. You'll wake up with your kidney on ice. Now let's go save Taylor."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Twenty-Three


Jayson

Jayson The animal hospital was far enough across the freeway to not be affected by the fire consuming the city. Also convenient was that it was at the edge of the southwestern loop and not as densely populated. On one side of the road, they faced who knew how much danger full of flames, Soapies, and an apocalyptic world with no handbook. On this side, they still faced the end of the world, but at least they had a bigger chance for ensuring Taylor's survival.

Diego pulled into the empty parking lot where a tiny stucco building stood between two walls and a narrow back alley. On one end was a pawnshop, while on the other was a pizza place. Neither would have been open during that morning's outbreak.

Jayson surveyed their surroundings through the window, not spotting any nearby Soapies, but that didn't mean there weren't any in the business complex down the street. He slowly opened his door, careful not to jostle Taylor around too much as he lifted his friend's head off his lap.

He reached for the rifle behind the seat and locked eyes with Jeannie, who had settled her features into a determined frown.

"I'm going to clear the building before we bring him inside," he whispered to the group. "Just because there are no cars here doesn't mean someone didn't get caught in the epidemic."

"Do you need backup?" Diego asked, unbuckling his seatbelt.

Jayson sighed. He did, but so did Jeannie and Monica. "I need you to keep a lookout and make sure you don't find yourselves surrounded. Take Taylor's earpiece and tell me if you need me to make a break for it. I'll let you know when it's safe to come inside."

"I don't like this," Monica said, casting glances all around. "You've already suffered a mild concussion this morning. Diego or I should go."

Jayson shook his head, slinging his weapon over his shoulder and shoving magazines inside his ammo pouch. He patted his ten-inch knife and sighed in relief, considering it his good luck charm. If all else failed, he could do plenty of damage with it in close quarters. He just hoped he wouldn't be within arm's reach of any Soapies.

"We don't know what's inside, Monica. If I don't come out, you guys can at least get away. It's better to lose one person than the entire team."

He stopped at the widening of her dark eyes and her lifted brows. Monica's jaw tightened, and she seemed to be fighting the urge to strangle him. Part of him wished she would, just to confirm she cared as much as he hoped she did. Finally, she blew out a harsh breath and said, "Don't get killed."

Jayson's lips curved into a grin. "I don't plan on it."

When Monica scowled, Jayson clambered into the truck and shimmied between the front seats to kiss her forehead before she could pull away. Instead of shoving him off, Monica brushed her hand over his stubbled jaw and met his mouth with her feather-light lips.

With his heart somersaulting in his chest, the inner beast purred in satisfaction as a dozen different emotions ran through his head. The apocalypse faded away, leaving him floating somewhere in the clouds as he kissed her once more.

Diego cleared his throat beside him, and the pair broke away. Monica's cheeks had turned bright red and she refused to meet his gaze, looking down at her lap instead. With a delicate cough, she mumbled, "Don't let that get to your head, soldier boy."

"If I didn't know any better, I'd think you actually cared just a little bit," he said with a grin.

She scoffed and folded her arms across her chest as she turned away. "Oh, please. I'm just...you...we...oh, shut up and go do your G.I. Joe thing so we can save Taylor."



Taylor's name swiftly killed the mood, bringing Jayson back to reality. If they didn't act soon, their best friend might as well be dead.

Jayson sighed with a mini salute. "Okay. Wish me luck. I'll make it quick."

With his earpiece firmly in place and his weapon's safety turned off, he hopped out of the truck and approached the deserted parking lot. The crunching rocks beneath his boots were like little grenades, a ticking time bomb of noise, inviting any and all Soapies to play. Just like in Afghanistan, Jayson constantly swiveled his head from side to side, waiting for something to jump out at him.

Stay alert, stay alive .

Stay alert, stay alive That was the Army mantra.

He repeated it a few more times to himself, but nothing jumped out of the alleys. The sun beat down on his body, sending smelly sweat trickling down his spine. Could Soapies smell that? Or did they just sniff out blood? What were true zombies anyway? Whoever invented brains for food needed to be shot.

He let out his breath slowly as he approached the main entrance, careful not to make too much noise.

"It's just like combat," he whispered to himself. "Clear the building and go."

No, combat was people shooting at him and setting bombs. Zombies were things trying to eat him. He was certain he'd rather die quickly from an IED, except he hadn't. God had played a cruel joke and kept him alive, burning his body in the process. Jayson had traded one war for something so much worse just because God hated him.

He sighed again. This wasn't productive. He needed to focus on Taylor. If anyone deserved to live, it was him. The world was a better place because of people like him, and they needed his light if humanity had any hope of recovery.

He rapped his knuckles against the door three times and waited, pressing his ear against the surface. Several animals snarled and howled, but no footsteps thundered in the building. He repeated the process again and received the same result.

In the earpiece, he said, "I don't think anyone is here. I'm not sure about the animals but I'm going in."

"Roger that," Diego said, giving him a thumbs up from the truck. "Let us know what's going on or if you need help. I'll come in if you need me."

Yeah, right. Jayson would tell him he was infected before he allowed anyone to get themselves killed. Instead, he just sent back the same signal before focusing on the door again.

Another growl and yelp but no signs of human, or zombie, life.

With a hard kick, the door jolted without moving, sending pain shooting through Jayson's knee. Still, nothing came for him or banged against the door on the other side, so he kicked again, paying no heed to the splinters and noise. On the third kick, the door flew open and Jayson immediately backed away with his weapon drawn at the ready.

The building was dark except for light peeking through the receptionist window from the back room, yet there was no life to be found in the lobby. No stale coffee, no TV playing old movies, or anyone with pets on a leash. The front room was too quiet, setting him more on edge than a horde waiting to devour him.

"Okay, I'm in," he said, scanning the room as he stepped inside and closing the door behind him, enveloping him in darkness.

"Just take it slowly, one room at a time," Diego said over the radio. "We're still all clear here."

Yippee .

Yippee It shouldn't have irked him, but something about Diego set Jayson on edge. He rarely had an issue with authority figures, but he could already see the cop wanting control, even if it meant leading them in the wrong direction. Maybe he meant well, maybe he didn't. The fact stood that Jayson didn't know the first thing about him except that he was a horndog and good with a gun.



He bit back a snarky reply. Taylor came first. Diego could go fuck himself before he roped Jayson's best friend into a meaningless fling. He had pretty words and a nice body, but not the substance that mattered. He couldn't be counted on to keep someone he'd just met alive if it came down to one or the other. Any sensible stranger would leave Taylor behind because it was logical. Why should Diego be any different?

Jayson's footsteps echoed across the tiles in the dark room. Just as he reached the open hallway, a cage in the back rattled with a bang and a snarl, making him jump. "Diego, there's at least one animal here that stayed overnight, and I don't think it's friendly," he said in a low voice.

"Jayson, I really think you should have backup. We're still clear out here."

"Negative. You didn't see what my animal tried to do this morning. I'd rather it just be me than both of us being torn apart."

He'd rather not be torn apart at all, but he was prepared for the possibility. He just hoped he didn't become a Soapie in the process. While Loki wouldn't have killed them, Taylor would have quickly turned if Jayson hadn't acted in time. Whatever was clawing at the cage sounded like it was at least fifty pounds.

"Jayson, why do you have to be so stubborn?"

"Do you want Taylor to live or not?" he snapped. When Diego didn't answer, Jayson took that as an affirmative and continued down the hallway, carefully peeking inside each empty exam room and office until all that remained was the enclosed kennel area.

A window beside the door revealed a dimly lit room with a row of cages against the wall. As much as Jayson didn't want to look, he knew he needed to. This was the last room left to clear as well as the source of the earlier cage raging that had stopped between clearing the building and approaching the overnight area.

"Okay, I'm at the last room," Jayson said around the lump in his throat. Blood pounded in his ears and his heart raced. He wasn't sure if it was better to know what he faced or if he'd be better if in ignorance.

"You don't sound good. What's in there?" Diego asked.

Jayson released a slow, deep breath and looked, immediately regretting his decision. Nearly all the cages were empty. One kennel gate was torn from its hinges while three others had been smashed in. A gray and white striped cat in one of the higher cages stood against in the back with its fur all the way up, hissing at the German Shepard just below. The dog had its back turned to Jayson as it tore into something on the floor inside the cage.

"Oh my God," he breathed into the mic. If he'd had anything left to throw up, he would have chucked everything out. As if sensing the hair standing up on his arms or the sound of his heart threatening to jump out of his rib cage, the dog slowly turned, facing him with milky white eyes as animal entrails dangled from its bloodied jaw.

Jayson took one step back and then another, never breaking eye contact with the animal. A low growl rumbled through the window as a mangled limb dropped to the floor with a soft thump. Blood smeared across the tiles as the dog advanced, hunching down like a spring ready to snap.

Jayson raised his rifle with trembling hands, unable to hold still long enough to aim for the head. He'd been shot at so many times overseas, and not once had he frozen or panicked—until now.

When he bumped against the wall, the dog leaped as Jayson discharged the weapon, sending his shot wide and off target. Plaster rained down from the ceiling as the dog rammed against the wall again, only barely managing to crack the glass.

When the dog disappeared from view, Jayson instinctively ran down the hallway to put as much distance between him and the dog as he could before it battered down the door.



"Jayson, talk to me," Diego demanded.

"This isn't a good time," Jayson huffed. The door rattled down the other end of the corridor, shaking the walls and echoing throughout the empty building. He spun on his heel and faced the door, forcing his breathing to steady so he could take his shot. The dog slammed against the door again and again until wood splintered everywhere, leaving nothing in its path to Jayson.

The dog shook the debris out of its matted fur and snarled. Jayson didn't give it a chance to run this time as he lined up his shot, squeezing the trigger as he held his breath. The dog leaped, and the bullet hit it in the chest, but the animal kept charging as if the bullet was only a bug splattering against a windshield.

Jayson fired two more shots, hitting it in the shoulder and missing completely as the animal barreled towards him. How did he keep missing? Now out of time, Jayson released his rifle and whipped out his knife, turning out of the way just in time as the dog jumped. With the animal sliding forward across the floor, Jayson ran behind it and drove the blade into the dog's skull.

The animal fell with a yelp, ripping the blade from Jayson's hand as the dog twitched over a pool of thick, coagulating blood. The stench was almost worse than Loki's when the ferret's remains splattered across the room.

Gagging, Jayson sent a final bullet into the dog's head, sighing in relief when it finally stopped moving.

Now that he was out of immediate danger, he sank to the floor and rested against the wall, waiting for his heart rate to slow down.

"Jayson? Jayson, answer me! Are you okay!"

"Yeah, man. The building is clear," he said in an unsteady voice. "All that's left is a cat in the back, but I don't think it's infected. The dog took care of the rest."

"Were you bitten?"

Of course he'd ask. Diego was the only one with enough sense to keep his head on while Jeannie and Monica let their emotions control them. He just hoped it wouldn't get them killed.

"No. I'm fine. Are you all clear to bring Taylor in?"

"We're working on it now," Diego replied. Something shuffled over the earpiece before he spoke again. "Okay, I'm parking the truck in the alley and then I'm bringing Taylor inside."

Jayson dragged himself up, stumbling toward the lobby. Ringing filled his ears and a bloody combination of images from the dog and his deployment, threatening to overwhelm him. Sucking in a deep breath, he counted to five. "You're not there anymore," he whispered to himself. "You're safe. Taylor is going to be okay."

The words did little to calm him as his head spun and the door burst open, making him jump and take aim. "Oye, don't shoot!" Diego shouted. The girls froze in place with Jeannie flinching and Monica watching him with wide eyes and an open mouth. Taylor was now unconscious in Diego's arms, whiter than an eggshell and dripping with sweat.

Jayson lowered his rifle and collapsed, holding himself upright with his hands against the cool floor. His entire body trembled as the stress finally caught up with him. His friends faded from view, replaced by visions of his last deployment as his vehicle hit the IED, setting it on fire as his entire left side burned and melted with his clothing. Screams punctured the air and smoke filled his lungs, but he was completely helpless as he succumbed to his own pain.

The only female in his convoy watched him with tears in her eyes, aware that she was trapped in her harness and most likely wouldn't get out of there alive. Just like him.

"Jayson!"

Someone shouted, but the voice was so far away, and he was too helpless to move.

"Jayson, look at me!"



A sharp slap stung his cheek and his deployment faded away to reveal Monica in front of him, shaking out her hand. He gasped, unable to draw in a decent breath of air as the memories lingered in the back of his mind. Still, he welcomed the sight of Monica over the ghost of the woman he'd let down.

"Monica," he croaked.

Tears streamed down her face as she interlaced their hands. "Sorry. I couldn't reach you."

His face tingled from where she'd hit him, and he brought his free fingertips to his face. Then he laughed. The pain was a reminder he was alive and for now, that's all he could ask for. "It's okay." When she frowned, he pressed his forehead against hers and said it again. "I promise I'm okay. Go help Jeannie."

She nodded, but not before she pressed her lips to his. "You need to stop scaring me."

"I make no promises except to try to keep you all alive. Now go."

Jayson watched her scramble up and disappear through the hallway before he leaned against the wall. As much as he wanted to stand and help, he was useless until he came out of his PTSD induced episode.

Besides, until Jeannie and Monica were done, all he could do was wait.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. When Jayson opened his eyes again, the building was almost completely dark. He bolted upright, scanning the room for signs of his friends. Fishing his phone out of his pocket, he turned on the flashlight to get his bearings.

They had placed a makeshift barricade against the door and windows, while the rest of the room remained eerily silent.

Standing up, Jayson slowly walked into the hallway where light spilled out from one of the exam rooms. The German Shepard laid where Jayson had left it, filling the corridor with its rotten odor while soft voices came from the room. As Jayson approached, Monica stepped out, running her hands through her tangled hair. A surgical gown covered in blood hung loosely from her frame and her hair was a knotted mess, yet she was still beautiful, even with the shadows over her face.

She looked up and met his gaze, parting her lips. "Jayson." She closed the distance between them and flung herself into his arms, sniffling softly. He froze, unable to comprehend her sudden affection.

"Monica, is he...?"

He couldn't say the word. Saying it would make it too real, and he'd already lost Eric. He wasn't sure if he could handle Taylor's loss too.

Monica pulled away and watched him with tears continuing their tracks down her face. With a sigh, she broke into a smile and more tears. "No, he made it. Jeannie gave him an antibiotic and something for the pain, so he'll be out for a while but he'll pull through."

And just like that, Jayson's entire facade crumbled as he burst into his own set of tears and pulled Monica into his arms. As they cried together, he sent out a silent thank you to the universe for keeping the one person alive who deserved it more than anyone else.

All they had left to do was make it to the military installation and hopefully find rescue in the promise of a man who probably couldn't be trusted.

For now, he was content. As long as he had his friends—his family, they would prevail and survive. Their rescue would come later.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Twenty-Four


Monica: Part I

Monica: Part I Watching Jayson fall apart was frightening. The man had tried so hard to bury his emotions behind a wall of humor and gung-ho strength, only for the end of the world to batter down the barrier.

And if that wasn't enough, the mere mention of Taylor's potential demise had sent the rest of Jayson's defenses into shambles as he held on to her like his life depended on it.

A year ago, Monica would have run the other way. A week ago, she might have found it awkward. She suddenly found she didn't mind at all as she discovered the real man who was just as terrified as everyone else, if not more.

They stood together in silence as Jayson shook in her arms. The whole time, Monica rubbed his back, trying to keep her thoughts on comfort and not the muscles rippling beneath his shirt. This was not the time for inappropriate distractions.

Finally, he pulled away and watched her with a tearful smile. Clearing his throat, he said, "I'm sorry. I shouldn't be crying when we still need to get to that Reserve unit."

Monica sighed and took his hand in hers, leading him into an empty exam room with a metal table and two plastic chairs. The light flicked on automatically, revealing faded posters of animal anatomy hung on the faux wood panels while jars of cotton swabs stood against the counter wall. For a moment, the world felt normal--at least until the rotten dog smell kicked in.

She backed Jayson against the table where he sat easily while she had to climb to perch herself beside him. As she pulled off her surgical gown and tossed it in a crumpled heap on the floor, she leaned into him and slid her arm around his waist.

"It's okay to admit you're overwhelmed," she murmured.

Jayson's arm came around her shoulder before settling around her waist. With a heavy sigh, he said, "It's hard when everyone is depending on you to keep them alive. I've been trying so hard and it's...it's so much."

"You don't have to bear this alone though," she countered, shifting so she could look into his face. "You've been so gung-ho about everything like you're trying to prove something. Every time we try to help, you push us away."

A muscle twitched in his jaw. Drawing in a ragged breath, he said, "I just want you all to be safe, especially you."

Monica gasped. "Why me? I've been nothing but a bitch to you since we met."

Jayson snorted. "You've had your moments," he confessed, "but I've always felt like there was more to it. You have one of the biggest hearts I've ever seen when you let people in. I just kind of hoped one day you would let me in too."

All this time, he'd liked her and had never once said anything. Or had he given her signs she'd missed because she had her head shoved up her judgmental butt? After how horrible she'd been to him, he still wanted nothing more than to see her and their friends safe. The very idea brought tears to her eyes.

"Jayson, I-I don't know what to say. I don't deserve your affection. Not after how I treated you."

Jayson rested his forehead against hers and placed a hand around the back of her neck. His breath mingled with hers, and Monica was suddenly very aware of their proximity. It was both thrilling and frightening.

"What if I told you I want you, anyway? That I like you just the way you are, sass and all?"

God, had he always been that smooth? He couldn't have been. The Jayson she knew was a prankster and obsessed with his little soap wars. Why did he have to wait for the zombie apocalypse to tell her how he felt?



When she didn't respond, he cupped her face in both hands and his lips hovered just inches away from hers, inviting her to make the first move. "I know there are things in your past that have kept you from dating. I've seen you reject so many men over the years and couldn't figure it out until you dated Taylor. He was safe. Then it hit me you'd been hurt, and that's why you pushed everyone away. If you give me a chance though, I'll do everything in my power to keep you safe. I-I really care about you."

Wow.

All this time...

And if Monica was honest with herself, she kind of really liked how much he cared and the cute uncertainty behind his turquoise gaze. And she wasn't one hundred percent certain, but she was pretty sure she cared about him too.

She wanted nothing more than to kiss him until a sudden realization popped into her scientific brain that brought her hormones to a screeching halt.

"Um, Jayson?"

"Hm?" His eyes were closed as he grinned stupidly.

She cleared her throat. "You've been fighting zombies, and I'd rather kiss you when we don't have blood splatter and zombie goop all over us."

A deep rumble emanated from Jayson's chest until it erupted into full-blown laughter. "Way to kill the mood, Monica!"

She giggled with him, savoring the rare moment of bliss on a day of so much turmoil and death. Laughing had felt impossible only an hour ago while now. They both clutched their sides in stitches and loud hoots. "I'm sorry!" she cried. "I just can't. It's weird."

Jayson hopped off the table and immediately pulled his shirt off, revealing a set of abs only a Greek god of legend could be blessed with. Red and pink burns scarred the entire left side of his body from his waist to his shoulder, but somehow, it only added to his appeal. They told the story of a man who'd fought and survived, all while smiling through the pain.

And when he turned to face the sink, her mouth fell wide open at the ink on his back. Lines and swirls covered every inch of skin, dipping well below his waist. He wasn't a Greek god. He was a goddamned work of art that transcended the ancient heavens.

And damnit if she didn't want to trace her fingers all along the back of his body. But only to inspect the tattoos. Her fascination had absolutely nothing to do with the well-defined body beneath the ink.

Blowing out a slow gust of air, she prayed he wouldn't hear the samba her heart was dancing to. Even the action of turning on the faucet, snatching paper towels from the dispenser, and wiping himself down was sexy.

Monica needed to go before she did something stupid. There was a reason she didn't date.

She took a step back and tripped over the chair beside the door, falling with a squeal. Jayson spun around, spraying water in every direction as Monica flushed crimson. A blond eyebrow quirked along with a shit-eating grin as he held his hand out to her. "Did my sexy physique send you falling over yourself?"

Monica scowled, mortified as ever as she rethought her kind musings. He wasn't sexy. He was a butthead who had a pretty smile and eyes to die for.

Just as she was about to peel herself off the floor, the door swung open with Diego and Jeannie spilling inside, stopping just short of Monica and glancing at Jayson's very naked torso.

Jeannie stared a little longer than necessary while Diego scratched his nose. "I feel like I just stepped into a terrible horror movie."

Jayson offered an innocent shrug. "What can I say? Zombies equal B grade horror. It's not classic if a man doesn't rip his shirt off at least once while the women ogle his abs."



Aaaaaaaand that did it. Monica scrambled to her feet and brushed past Jeannie, using her as a shield. "Okay," she said in a high-pitched voice. "I'm just gonna leave you to clean up now that you're awake. I need to check on Taylor."

She fled before anyone could stop her and ran into Taylor's room, where he was still asleep from the anesthetic. Bandages covered his arm where Jeannie had set the bone and stitched him up, but he'd lost so much blood. His face was still pale and his breathing uneven. While they'd saved his life for now, Monica worried it still might not be enough unless he received help from a real medical facility.

Pulling a stool next to the exam table, she sat and brushed his dark hair aside. He stirred with a groan before settling back into his restless sleep.

"Hey you," she whispered while stroking his face. Tears blurred her vision as she spoke. No matter what their history was, she'd always love him as a good friend. "Jayson is right," she continued. "You were safe for me. I dated you because I knew you'd never hurt me. You're so weird, but you're also generous and so kind."

Drop after salty drop slipped down her nose. Her voice cracked, and she felt compelled to tell him everything while Taylor slept. "We never would have made it as a couple. I think you were smart enough to realize it first, even if my sin was buying generic soap. I think we would have gotten along well enough, but there was just no spark when there was nothing for us to lose.'

'And you can't leave Jayson. He's already so lost and trying to be strong for all of us. He cares about you so much. He's ready to fight Diego and everyone else if it means keeping you alive, so please don't die on us. He needs you. I need you."

I By the time she finished, her throat had squeezed closed while tears dampened her shirt. They had wasted all this time spent fighting when she should have been kinder instead of shutting everyone out.

A sob escaped, and she buried her face in her hands, unable to contain her emotions any longer. The only difference from earlier was that there was no one to comfort her when she needed someone the most. Eventually, they'd all be dead.

"Monica?"

Jeannie entered the room and wrapped her arms around her best friend. As Monica hiccuped, sniffled, and cried, Jeannie held her close, whispering words of love and consolation. "It's okay, sweetie. Taylor will be fine as long as we can get him to his dad's facility."

"But can we?" Monica wiped her nose on her sleeve as a fresh wave of emotion tore through her chest. "We've spent all day just trying to get to a place that should have taken us an hour. Half of Phoenix is on fire and the world has gone to Hell. Everyone we know is gone."

"Hey, none of that," Jeannie said in a stern voice. "Yes, we're in a shitty situation, but this doesn't mean we get to give up. There is always hope as long as we believe in it."

Monica spun around on the stool and pulled Jeannie into a tight hug. "I'm scared."

"I know. So am I but Eric wouldn't want me to give up. He died so I could live, just like Jayson would die for any of us."

An unfamiliar emotion seared through Monica's chest at the mention of his name. If she had to put a name on it, she'd probably call it affection—and fear. Mostly affection, though. Maybe.

"Jayson told me he cares about me," she mumbled.

A giggle was not what Monica expected, and she pulled away to see Jeannie smile as she tucked a loose strand of hair behind Monica's ear. "Well, duh. Jayson's been in love with you for years. I'm surprised you didn't realize this sooner."

Monica sniffled loudly and swiped at her cheeks, only to smear snot everywhere. She was positive Jayson wouldn't find that sexy or that Taylor would find the sight ridiculously funny. "You all knew?"

Jeannie reached for a paper towel from the dispenser and handed it to Monica with a laugh. "It's so obvious. Jayson messes with you because it's funny and because he wants your attention."

With an unladylike snort, Monica blew her nose and unsuccessfully tried to clean her face only for mascara to rub off on to the harsh paper towel. She sighed and tossed it into the trash before sinking into one of the plastic chairs. "I don't think this is a good time to look for a date."

"I think it's the perfect time. The world has just ended and we aren't guaranteed to live another day, let alone another hour. If Eric were still here, I'd be telling him every second how much he means to me. I think if you have a chance to find just five minutes of happiness with Jayson, you should go for it, even if it's for a quick bang."

"Jeannie!"

Her friend shrugged unapologetically as heat surged through Monica's cheeks and... well, just her cheeks. "You know why I can't do that," she whispered.

With a knowing nod, Jeannie said, "I remember, but also keep in mind that not every man you meet is an asshole. You and Jayson are strong together. The only person left to see this is you."

"We'll see," was all she said before Diego and a very shirtless Jayson knocked on the door and strode inside. Monica bit the inside of her cheek to contain her giggles. "You couldn't find another shirt in the truck?"

"What? Soapie apocalypse rules. Men don't wear shirts and we avoid generic soap at all costs. I thought you knew that, Miss I Love All Things Apocalyptic."

Diego snorted and turned away while Jayson's eyes twinkled for the briefest moment. When he glanced at Taylor, his humor faded and he sighed. "We need to go to the Reserve unit. It's already dark and we're not safe here. Can we move him?"

Jeannie was already in action, slinging a medical bag over her shoulder. She must have packed it while Monica was with Jayson. "It's not ideal, but yes. If we can get him to the unit, we can try calling his dad again. The sooner he receives proper medical treatment, the better."

"Then let's go."

Diego slid his arms under Taylor and hefted him up as if he weighed no more than a pillow. It made Monica wonder what these Hulks bench-pressed in their free time. He nodded from Jayson to the door. I'm gonna need you to cover for me, Rambo."

Jayson waved him off. "I'm on it." Then he offered Monica his hand. "It'll be okay. Do you trust me?"

It was such a loaded question, and her answer held so many meanings. Did she trust him to keep them safe? With her heart? To not hurt her?

She inhaled through her nose and answered all three of those questions in a husky whisper as she took his hand and followed him out the door.

"Yes."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Twenty-Five


Monica Part II

Monica Part II There was something scary about the dark, a deeply rooted instinct passed through ancient history that whispered in the back of people's minds that it was bad. Whether it was in the form of monsters under the bed or a mugger in an alley, people learned from childhood that the shadows are a dangerous place.

Now, with half of Phoenix on fire and the other half without power, the nighttime hours had never been so frightening. Zombies in daylight were bad enough, but at least Monica could see what was coming at her. In the pitch black parking lot, there was no telling who or what lurked around the corner.

see Jeannie ran to the truck first, flinching when the alarm beeped as she unlocked it. She looked in every direction, holding her breath, before releasing it in a shaky gasp when nothing immediately jumped out.

Once inside, the inside light flipped on, and Diego went next, struggling to shift Taylor into the back while not injuring his arm further. Spanish curses drifted outside as something inside clattered against Jayson's private arsenal.

"Oh for the love of...Seriously, who needs this many guns?... Jeannie, move!"

Jeannie shushed him and the two bickered in hushed whispers as Monica ran to the driver's side and took her place behind the steering wheel with Jayson close behind.

Once his door was closed, Monica started the engine and buckled her seatbelt before flipping on the headlights. The truck roared to life, making her jump and look through all the mirrors, only to see nothing in the shadows or headlights. The problem was that her heart was beating so hard; she wondered if the zombies could hear it from wherever they were hiding. It was a matter of time before they—

The truck shuddered with a bang and a screech of metal, making Monica and Jeannie shriek in unison while Jayson and Diego swore in their respective languages. Lurching forward and then rocking to the left, Monica whipped her head to the window where a deformed hand streaked blood across her window.

"Oh, God," she cried, cranking the gear into reverse, slamming her foot on the gas pedal in her panic, forgetting about the emergency brake and clutch. The engine revved and whined, but the truck refused to move as groans echoed into the night through the glass.

As the truck rocked again, she leaned to the side, pressing against the shifter as Jayson yelled in her ear. "Monica, the brake!"

She could barely grip the stick, much less push the button because of how badly she was shaking. Tears burned her eyes and Jayson's hand was soon over her own, forcing the emergency brake down and sending the truck rolling back just an inch.

Another jolt followed with more zombies swarming against the truck, now that the first one had made its move. In her panic, Monica completely forgot which pedal was which as she stepped on anything that would go down. She sobbed and slammed her hands against the steering wheel. "Oh my God, I can't get it to move!"

Unbuckling his seatbelt, Jayson was quickly on top of her, pressing his bare back against her chest and squishing her beneath his weight. He shifted the seat back and sent them both against it with him awkwardly nestled between her legs that squeezed against his.

In any other situation, this would be hilarious or even somewhat arousing. She had absolutely no idea what was going on as he reversed the truck and sped backwards into the street, sending several of the undead flying over the top or thudding beneath the giant tires.

Monica wrapped her arms around his waist and buried her face in his back as the tires squealed against the pavement and sped away. Several minutes passed with her clinging to him, running her fingers along his chest and tangling them through his hair. It should have been incredibly inappropriate—or erotic—but right now, it was soothing.



No one spoke except for Diego to rattle of directions before they fell into silence again. Taylor moaned from time to time, but otherwise, he remained in a fitful sleep as only the sound of breathing filled the cab. Monica trembled and sniffed, unable to pry herself away from the man pressed against her.

Soon, Jayson's hand found her leg, and he rubbed her thigh. "Are you alright?" he whispered.

No. Not even close.

No. Not even close. With a small breath, she nodded against his back, wrapping her arms tighter around his waist.

"You sure?"

"I'm fine," she murmured, unable to control the tremors. Her fingers continued their path along his chest, memorizing the contours and the smooth skin where it met the scars. When she touched the burnt skin, he tensed, inhaling sharply through his nose.

With a muttered apology, Monica dropped her hands. One of Jayson's hands found hers and he carefully placed it against his abdomen. While his shoulders were still knotted, he said in a low voice, "You don't need to apologize. I'm just not used to showing my burns. They make people uncomfortable."

"Then those people are shallow and not worthy of your time," she whispered in his ear."

"¡Ah, bueno! ¡Córtenla!" Diego shouted from the back.

Monica blushed scarlet, forgetting about their audience in the backseat. She didn't need a translation to know he was probably telling them to knock it off. That and it probably looked very awkward to have her legs straddling either side of Jayson when there was a perfectly good empty seat beside them.

"Should I..." Should she what? Try to move in weird, kinky ways to unbuckle the seatbelt trapping her between the seat and his body? Hold on tighter? With the truck moving and no space to maneuver, she was stuck. She pressed her forehead into his back and closed her eyes. "How long til we get there?"

Jayson's shoulders shook, and his chest vibrated with laughter. "Honestly? It depends on how well the soldiers did in clearing the road." He tilted his head to the side and asked, "Diego, did you ever get back in touch with the unit?"

"Yeah. I've got the password to the gate. They still have electricity for the moment, but told us to be prepared for it to change. The real challenge will be the freeway. They had some trouble getting through, but another unit caught up with them and helped them clear out the horde. We should be good to go as long as we're careful."

With a hard swallow, Monica tightened her hold around Jayson like a small child needing comfort. She didn't have the voice to tell them how scared she was, and she knew it wouldn't be helpful when they all needed to remain vigilant. All she could do was pray.

Jayson's hand landed on her thigh again as he rubbed it in silence, somehow communicating that he was there for her.

Just get through the night , she thought. Get to the unit and you'll be okay. You can worry about tomorrow when it gets here.

Just get through the night Get to the unit and you'll be okay. You can worry about tomorrow when it gets here. No one spoke during the rest of the drive. Monica peeked over Jayson's shoulder, shuddering at the pitch black road ahead. The high beams helped to a point, but all they could see were the lines on the road and abandoned cars along every inch of land. The gap between the vehicles was narrow, with cars shoved aside from where the military had pushed through. Mangled doors lied on the ground or were dented in so deep, there was no hope of ever prying them open.

Then came the remains of torn flesh scattered across the highway. Monica had never liked animal carcasses and was the driver to slow down if it meant not hitting rabbits bolting across the road. This was so much worse, more gruesome than anything she'd ever seen, even in a horror movie.



Groans and coyote howls mingled together in the distance, and Monica couldn't help but remember the dog in the clinic with Jayson's knife protruding from its skull or the cat she'd reluctantly euthanized out of fear of infection. What if the coyotes joined the undead while they were driving in the middle of nowhere in the dark?

Glass crunched beneath the wheels, making Monica flinch. The last thing they needed right now was to blow a tire. Her breaths came in tiny gasps until she went on the verge of hyperventilation.

"It's okay," Jayson whispered. "I promise I'll get us through this. It's just a few more miles."

"But how many zombies are in those few miles?"

"Don't think about that, okay? We'll be behind the gate soon enough."

Monica knew Jayson was trying to help, but his words were easier said than done. Zombies in the shadows were all she could think about, waiting to jump out. What she did know was that she wouldn't achieve anything by freezing in fear. If Jayson could push through it and function, so could she.

Monica carefully undid her seatbelt and leaned over the console, trying not to kick Jayson in the head as she stumbled over the shifter.

"What are you doing?"

"Trying to let you drive."

"By giving me a view of your ass?"

She scowled. Jayson couldn't possibly understand the reason she was unamused by his antics. For all he knew, Monica probably thought he was just being weird again. Still, she couldn't help the tiny little voice that wondered if her ass was nice or if he liked her for more than the view.

If— when —they got out of this, she needed to take Jeannie's advice and give him a chance.

when Focus on the now.

Focus on the now. Jayson scooted forward, freeing Monica's foot, and she fell forward. Her forehead connected with the door and she rubbed the throbbing skin before sitting up and looking back at Diego. He bit back a smirk and looked away.

"Will you hand me a gun, please? Preferably a 9 mil?"

Diego twisted in his seat and rifled through the weapons until he produced a small firearm with a loaded clip. "If I wasn't gay, I'd be asking for your number. That and I think Jay already has dibs on you. I always loved a person who knows their way around a gun."

Heat burned her cheeks, growing hotter by the second as Jayson disguised a snort with a small cough. Monica cleared her throat and said, "I think you'll have better luck teaching Taylor. Maybe then you'll go out with a bang. Just let me know so I'm not anywhere nearby when the fireworks go off."

It was Diego's turn to laugh. It was impossible to see his face in the dark, but it was obvious by the way his head tilted and his gaze focused on Taylor that he was completely drawn to his charm. "I hope so," was all he said.

For a very split second, Monica forgot about her fear while she watched Diego caress Taylor's face. They hadn't even known each other for a day, and the man had already fallen hard. Taylor would never believe it, but there was a certain charm to his innocence that pulled people in, whether romantically or platonically. If they lost him now, they might as well carve out their hearts and stop living. He represented everything with living for.

Seeing them together strengthened her resolve to face the apocalypse. Taylor, Jeannie, and even Jayson were worth fighting for. Her friends, who had been by her side for over six years now, deserved to survive, and they couldn't do it alone.

The truck slowed, and Jayson tensed, leaning forward and squinting ahead. His hand flew to the gear shifter, and he straightened. "Buckle up. Monica, Diego, be prepared to shoot. Jeannie... Get as close to the middle as possible. This is about to get ugly."



Monica's eyes shifted forward, and she gasped, clinging to her weapon as she quickly slammed the magazine inside. Ahead were dozens, if not hundreds of zombies, all staring straight into the headlights with milky eyes. Old memories of Texas roller coasters at Six Flags came to mind as the carts teetered at the very top, giving her a queasy view of the tracks stretching and curving down and sideways forever. Except instead of rickety wooden and metal rails, she was staring down a horde of Soapies. Big, small, tall, and every age—every single one looked up with hunger all over their faces.

Her mouth fell open with a loud whimper. Words didn't even describe the pounding of her heart or the pain shooting through her chest. It also didn't help that she was looking at bright headlights illuminating monsters from her worst nightmares.

Jayson blew a lock of hair out of his face and gripped the steering wheel hard with one hand while clenching the gear stick with the other. He slammed down and the pedal, sending the truck staggered forward with a deafening roar.

"Don't shoot unless you have to. I'd rather keep the glass intact."

"Fat lot of good that did Eric," Jeannie finally said. "His window was shattered before I even made it to his truck. If they break through, were screwed."

"Not helping!" Jayson snapped.

"Yeah, well, we're beyond help," she shot back. "Just shut up and drive."

Monica doubted plowing through was going to save them. Now that they'd been spotted, the mass moved in unison toward the vehicle with no regard for their safety. The truck speed forward with terrifying speed, coming closer and closer to the people who wanted the midnight munchies. She braced herself for impact as Jayson pushed forward, screaming as he drove.

The first impact connected with the hood, sending a body straight into the windshield with a crash. Glass tinkled on the outside, held together only by the laminate between the pieces of glass. The body remained on the hood until it fell off after the others followed. Blood splattered across the screen, seeping into the spider-webbed cracks and obstructing the entire passenger side's view.

The truck slowed through the crowd, and Jayson furiously worked the gears, cursing when t the engine stalled.

He returned the engine as the zombies converged on the vehicle. Fingers screeched against the windows, the metal groaned beneath the weight, and guttural wails and snarls drifted through the glass.

Tears trickled down Monica's face as she instinctively scooted towards the middle, putting as much distance between her and the door as possible.

Jeannie and Diego also shifted in the back, falling to the floor as they pressed their bodies against each other, both of them facing the windows as the doors pressed in under the weight of the bodies.

"Oh my God, what do we do?" Monica cried.

Jason ignored her, focusing only on restarting the transmission and getting the truck to move. Sweat dripped down his forehead and his teeth clenched together as he yelled. "Goddamnit, come on!"

They moved forward an inch before the back passenger window glass shattered. Growls suddenly overwhelmed them and swallowed Jeannie's scream as the stench of blood and rot triggered Monica's gag reflex.

Diego shuffled behind her and fired off round after round over Jeannie's shoulder. "Get this truck moving! We don't have enough ammo to push this many back!"

"What do you think I'm doing, asshole!"

Inch after inch, the truck crept forward as everyone avoided the arms reaching through the gaping hole. Monica swiveled in her seat and aimed with Diego, firing right after him. For every body that dropped, two more took their place.

The truck rolled over something with a huge bump and they lived forward, dragging along a zombie whose arm had gotten caught in the door. The engine whined against the force of so many bodies against them. A moment later, the roof sank with a creak above Monica's head.

They were moving—they just weren't going fast enough.

"Just... a little... further..." Jayson grunted. After a moment, the bodies gave way, and the truck jolted forward, sending everyone flying into the nearest object. Monica's nose slammed into the dashboard, sending blood everywhere while Diego slammed into Jayson's seat. Jeannie also slammed into Monica's seat and shrieked.

Jayson swerved, and everyone tumbled again with the movement. "I see an opening on the shoulder!" he shouted, flooring it through the cars ahead.

Once they made it to the dirt and gravel, Jayson forced the truck as fast as it would go, finally dislodging the remaining zombies.

Monica leaned back in relief, not caring how uncomfortable the center console was. With her head in Jayson's lap, she released her emotions and wept. Her heart drummed wildly until her ribs ached and her shoulders were so knotted, a migraine settled into the base of her neck. Her nose also throbbed with fresh blood flowing down her face. Still, none of it mattered. They'd made it.

Jeannie also wept while Diego sat up with a groan, pulling Taylor back up with him.

After a moment, Jeannie sniffled loudly and said in a broken voice, "Stop the car."

Monica shot up at the same time Jayson turned his head, banging her head against his chin. Jayson cursed before shouting, "Are you crazy? We're almost there!"

A small sob escaped Jeannie's throat and the overhead light suddenly flipped on. Sitting up, Monica gasped.

A large chunk of missing flesh dug deep into Jeannie's forearm with serrated teeth marks along the edges. Her lips trembled as tears streaked down her face.

There was no mistaking what she was trying to tell them.

Jeannie was infected.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Twenty-Six


Jeannie

Jeannie She was infected.

Blood.

Why was there so much blood?

Was she going to become a Soapie too?

How long would it take before it set in?

Eric had turned so fast.

Eric...

What was the point of his death?

He'd died for her, and now it was all for nothing.

Meaningless.

Empty.

Just like her entire life had been until she met him.

Now she was alone again.

Everything and nothing raced through Jeannie's mind all at once as she stared at her arm with detached resignation.

Would her friends be strong enough to kill her like she'd done to her boyfriend? She didn't want to become a monster. She only wanted to be with Eric again. Maybe now she could be.

Her heart thumped loudly in her ears. No wait, that was blood. Or maybe they were still ringing from the gunfire.

Noise.

White noise.

Murmurs.

Ringing.

Mumbles.

More ringing.

Nothing mattered anymore.

Nothing but her death.

Her friends deserved to survive.

Three minutes was all it took for blood to cycle through the body. They'd already wasted one.

"You have to kill me."

She thought she said it. Honestly, she didn't know if she was thinking or speaking. She was a dead woman walking. Soon, she'd kill her friends too. There would be nothing left.

Moisture covered her cheeks. Everything was blurry, either because of the tears or feeble overhead light.

Jeannie thought the truck stopped moving. Now if the world could just stop spinning. The sooner they killed her, the better.

A door opened and slammed. Voices murmured incoherently.

"Please make it fast," she whimpered. One tear after another rolled down her face. Would Taylor survive? Had she done enough? Would Monica and Jayson find their way to each other's hearts?

She hoped so.

She laid on the ground, staring at millions of shining stars overhead.

She couldn't remember the last time she'd seen the stars.

"They're so pretty..."

Something so beautiful didn't belong in this world. Maybe she could take that small piece with her when she died.

Something pinched her good arm, but she barely felt it as she floated far away.

More voices.

Hard ground beneath her.

Why was she so hot?

Is this what Eric felt like? How did he function long enough to come to her? Only a day had passed and it felt like a lifetime since she last held him.

Did she remember to tell him she loved him?

Her arm to the side while she felt something coil around her elbow. Something else choked her. Or maybe she was drooling. It was difficult not to gag.

Had three minutes passed?

Maybe three hours passed.

What was time anyway?

She was weightless.

She was far away.

She was...

Pain like nothing she'd ever known shot up her arm. Every nerve, muscle and bone screamed. She writhed, choked, and cried, but it was still hard to breathe with whatever was in her mouth.

Was this what Eric had gone through?

God, she hoped not.

This was agony.

She screamed until her lungs ached, and her throat was dry. She cried as she struggled against the weight on her chest. Her arm would not stop burning.

Why wouldn't they just end it already?

Why couldn't Jayson pull the trigger?

She wanted it to stop.

She wanted death.

She wanted Eric again.

Something pulled her up. Or perhaps she was flying.

Was she dead? If so, why did it still hurt so much?

Her eyes were so heavy and the stars no longer visible in the sky above. She was weightless and so tired as sleep tugged at her mind.

Jeannie tried so hard to utter the three simple words she felt for her friends before she lost herself to the virus.

I love you.

I love you. I love you all so much.

I love you all so much. I...

I... The world disappeared as Jeannie's eyes drifted shut, and she remembered no more.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Twenty-Seven


Diego

Diego Of all the things Diego thought he'd be doing when he'd woken up this morning, facing the zombie apocalypse and cutting off someone's arm weren't any of them. A severed arm lied on the ground where red streaks had already begun to spider out from the bite.

Blood soaked through the shirt Jayson had pulled from Jeannie's personal bag and wrapped around the stump, though it had finally slowed because of Monica's quick thinking of using Diego's belt as a tourniquet.

Diego wasn't sure how long it took for the virus to take effect, but he hoped they acted quickly enough. He also tried not to think about why Jayson kept an axe in the truck's toolbox. Effective, but still a scary thought. Why did a man need so many weapons?

His friends trusted him unconditionally, and Diego didn't have much of a choice but to do the same despite the uneasiness he felt around him.

Jeannie sat unconscious in the truck's bed, propped up and strapped down. No matter what Jayson or Monica wanted, Diego had won his argument that they couldn't know for sure if the amputation had worked.

He looked around, unsettled by the calm after the storm. "We should go," he said, tossing the axe in the truck's bed. He climbed into the back and firmly planted himself close enough to Jeannie to shoot her if the time came, but far enough away that she couldn't immediately claw him to death if she turned.

Diego peeled off his gloves and tossed them to the side, swiping his forehead with his arm. Jayson patted Monica's back as she vomited, cried, and vomited again.

"!Oye! Time to go," Diego called softly to the pair. "The sooner we get out of the open, the better."

Jayson wrapped his arm around Monica's shoulders and guided her to the beat-up truck, careful not to touch any of the surfaces with his bare hands. Red splotches of blood stained the white surface of the vehicle where it hadn't been dented and the roof had partially caved in. How the zombies hadn't ended up in the vehicle's bed was a mystery, though they could have fallen out for all he knew.

Monica shuddered visibly in the dark, swallowing back sobs. "What's going to happen to her?"

Diego shrugged and turned to Jayson. He was the third wheel in this. It was better for her to hear it from someone she trusted.

Jayson sighed, raking a hand through his grimy hair. His voice was heavy with exhaustion and his shoulders slumped. "I don't know, Monica. We're less than five miles from the unit. Let's just get there and play it by ear."

"But you heard them on the radio!" she cried. "They didn't even want us to save Taylor. You know they won't want her inside the gates."

"We'll figure it out. We're only placing ourselves in more danger by being out here." Jayson looked in Diego's direction. "Will you be okay in the back?"

Diego nodded. "Yeah."

"You know what to do if—" His words trailed off as if he was unwilling to admit what they all knew was a strong possibility.

"I'll do what needs to be done and make it quick."

Another whimper escaped Monica's throat, and Diego couldn't help but feel terrible. Everyone had lost someone today. For him, it was his mother, but for them, their friendship was stronger than the closest family. They'd lost someone named Eric, Taylor had nearly followed in his footsteps, and now there was the potential of Jeannie not making it.

Life was a bitch without the zombie apocalypse. Today's events had stripped them of just about everything.

With a grunt, Jayson settled Monica back into the truck and nudged the door shut with his boot. He rushed around the front and closed his door, turning the engine back to life and launching them forward for the last leg of their journey.



As the truck jerked with the transmission, Jeannie slumped down, still unconscious from whatever Monica had injected her with from their medical bag. Like Taylor, her sleep was restless as her face scrunched and a soft whimper left her lips. Her breathing was shallow and labored while she shivered, despite the evening heat. Even with the wind whipping through their hair, the air was scorching and stifling. As she stirred, sweat dripped from her forehead, plastering her loose strands of hair to her face.

Diego had done this to her. No matter what the reason, killing her would have been a mercy—losing an arm so early in the apocalypse was no way to live. Personally, he would have preferred death, but he also understood the friends' desperate need to keep her alive. She was family. Had it been his mother in her place, he might have hesitated too.

Still, hacking off her arm while her screams blew out his eardrums was an experience that would haunt him for a very long time. The scene of her pleading for death, muttering incoherently, and thrashing in Jayson's arms tore at him and played repeatedly like a broken record.

This stranger would now be his daily reminder of what he'd been forced to do.

Diego snapped his head to the left and watched the abandoned cars fly by. With no streetlights, it was difficult to see, but he could make out the carnage on the highway—dark little lumps among hundreds and hundreds of empty cars.

Howls filled the night, leaving Diego with the horrible thought of coyotes and vultures spreading the disease. Even if someone found a cure, humanity would be gone in a matter of days. Natural water sources would soon be contaminated, and the disease would soon spread across the world if it hadn't already.

The truck slowed, pulling him out of his morbid thoughts, and they turned on to a narrow, dirt road. The slider opened and Monica poked her head out through the glass. Her gaze landed on Jeannie before meeting his eyes and offering him a smile that looked more like a grimace.

"Jayson radioed the unit to let them know we're nearly there. Once we get inside, we are to pull everything we need out of the truck and leave the vehicle outside the gates. They don't want to take any chances."

They shared a look as she uttered the last sentence. Diego cast a hesitant glance at Jeannie and asked the question weighing on his mind. "Do they know about Jeannie and Taylor?"

She chewed on her lip for a second before releasing a soft sigh. "Taylor, yes. We told them the truth: he fell, and we stopped to set the bone."

"You know we can't hide Jeannie's condition," he whispered.

Monica nodded. "I know, but maybe we caught it in time. We don't know yet how the virus works or how long it takes for someone to turn."

"And that's all the more reason for these people to want to take immediate action," he said. Monica flinched, but Diego continued, knowing she needed to hear this. "Listen, I've been a cop for a long time. People get stupid when they panic. You saw what happened to me. My partner left without another thought. I've witnessed riots, shootings, and brawls over lesser things. Do you really think they're just going to welcome her inside without any questions?"

"Maybe we can convince them we still need her. She's a doctor. She..."

Monica hung her head. She had to know how weak her argument sounded. If Jeannie turned, everyone in the compound would be at risk for infection. Honestly, the odds didn't look good.

"I'm sorry, Monica. I know you two are close, but you should prepare yourself just in case."

Monica didn't reply. She retreated into the truck, leaving Diego to his thoughts again as a gated facility came into view. Cars were parked outside the gate, including the Cadillac and Oliver's Mercedes.

So that racist bitch had survived after all while her daughter suffered for being a decent person. If life were fair, it would have been the other way around. He wondered what that awful woman would have to say about all of this. She'd probably be the first in line to demand Jeannie's execution—all in the name of safety.

He'd known her for all of five minutes and already wished the worst scenarios on that witch. He'd probably go to Hell for thinking it, but there was no forgiving her actions.

The truck pulled up to the gate where Jayson rolled down the window and entered the code. The bars slowly slid open, and Jayson parked near the curb where the American flag still flew high overhead, flapping in the light breeze.

Two armed soldiers approached them, keeping their weapons directed at the ground. One of them was Sergeant Heard and the other was a man he didn't recognize. He must have been from one of the other units, but at least he seemed fit and alert, unlike the ragtag squad they'd encountered earlier.

The second man flicked on a large flashlight, shining it directly in Diego's face.

He covered his eyes to block the blinding light, yelling the first thing that came to mind. "¡Ay, ta basta! ¡Apaga esa mierda!"

"What'd he just say?" The other man's whisper carried over, but at least the dumbass moved the light as he turned to speak to Sergeant Heard.

The other man merely shrugged. "How should I know? I only know how to ask for beer and directions to the latrine."

Diego rolled his eyes. At least Heard hadn't spouted out something ignorant. "Do you want a literal translation or the nice way of asking to please not shine that shit in my face?"

Jayson snorted inside, still sitting in the driver's seat. Diego was pretty sure the group at least learned the word shit by now. Everyone learned the bad words first.

The second man fumbled with his flashlight and aimed it toward the vehicle with a muttered apology. "Sergeant Heard should have briefed you by now on what to do," he began, lifting his shoulders and puffing out his unimpressive chest. "Take everything you need out of the vehicle and then move it outside the gate. We will let you back inside and you will then report to the main building for inspection."

Fuck.

There was no way Jeannie would make it through.

As if they'd read his mind, the flashlight settled on Jeannie's face and Sergeant Heard asked, "What happened to her? I thought you only mentioned one injury."

Silence descended upon the group, and no one answered at first. Even Jayson, who was always so sure of himself, seemed to be at a loss for words. Diego closed his eyes and counted to five before deciding to just get this over with now. No matter how much they wanted to save her, there was no way the soldiers wouldn't question Jeannie's missing limb.

"We were attacked on the way here and a zombie bit her. We amputated her arm the moment it happened, and she's shown no signs of infection."

The second man immediately raised his weapon while Sergeant Heard carefully placed his hand on the barrel and slowly lowered it back to the ground. Then he sighed and hung his head, running his fingers through his cropped hair. When he looked up, his mouth had settled into a hard line and his gaze filled with sympathy. When he spoke, his words were soft but echoed with finality.

"That's a shame. I actually kind of liked her. She was so ready to give up her life for that kid in the back, but we can't let her inside the facility."

"So what are we supposed to do!" Monica cried. "She saved Taylor's life! She might not even be infected!"

Sergeant Heard shook his head. "I'm sorry, Ma'am, but we can't risk it. You may either leave her outside the gate or one of us can ease her passing. We will leave that up to you."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Twenty-Eight


Monica

Monica "We are not leaving her behind!"

not What the hell was Diego thinking? He couldn't at least give them a chance to come up with a lie? It would be so easy for him. Jeannie wasn't his best friend.

Monica kicked the door open and defiantly stood in front of the truck. It wasn't like she could shield her friend much since she was almost as short as Taylor, but she could still make her point. She folded her arms across her chest and glared at the two soldiers.

Sergeant Heard let his weapon go, and it hung from the sling in front of his chest. He raised his hands in a placating gesture, still speaking in a soft tone. "It's not a decision I'm happy to make, but we have to think of everyone's safety. If she turns, she can kill everyone within a matter of minutes."

Monica's eyes burned, and her lip shook with her voice. "Haven't you ever watched The Walking Dead? They survived with missing limbs. We need to at least give her a chance! Leaving her outside the gate is cruel and murder is still murder."

The second man raised his weapon again. "Are you that selfish? If you won't do anything, you can leave to go die with her or I can end this now."

that Metal snapped beside Monica's ear and Jayson was instantly by her side with his own rifle, aiming straight at the second man. "Put your weapon down, soldier. If I even see you touch that safety, I'll pull the trigger."

The man scowled and slowly lowered his weapon while Sergeant Heard's eyes widened. Diego slowly climbed out of the truck and stood off to the side with his hands in the air. "You guys, let's talk about this rationally. We all knew Jeannie was a risk."

"Easy for you to say," Monica snapped.

"Is it? Was it easy when I had to choose not to go back for my mother? I had to decide and that's what these men are doing too. They're scared, Monica! We're all afraid of what could happen."

His chest heaved as he spoke, his voice betraying his emotions for the very first time that day.

Shame burned through Monica's cheeks. Diego had wanted so badly to go back for his mother, only to be forced to abandon the endeavor. She still hadn't reached her own family, and with them so deep in San Antonio, she didn't hold out much hope for them either. As for Eric's family, they were also probably all dead if they hadn't been turned. The only people with any confirmed family left were Jeannie and Taylor, and both of their families came with enough drama to write a soap opera.

She couldn't lose her resolve, though. Jeannie, Taylor, and Jayson were all she had left. "Please. There must be something we can do until we know for sure."

"What do you suggest then?" The soldier sneered but didn't raise his rifle again as he cast narrowed eyes on Jayson. "Should we all just hold out our arms and lie down buffet style for her?"

Tears spilled over and Monica turned to Jayson, unable to articulate her thoughts. She understood the fear—Corey nearly hadn't opened the pharmacy cage for her. Everywhere they turned, there was something out to have them for dinner. But they'd stopped for Diego. They'd gone back for Jeannie's awful mother. They'd saved Taylor. Just once, the group deserved a break.

"My trigger finger is feeling a little itchy there, hotshot," Jayson said in a deadly tone. "We went through a shitload of trouble just to get here, and the last thing we need is your disgraceful attitude. You don't even deserve the uniform you're wearing."

"Stop!" Sergeant Heard commanded, trading glances between the two men. His eyes softened when they landed on Monica. "How long ago was she bitten?"



Monica sniffled, unable to contain her emotions. She sank to her knees and covered her face, crying instead of being useful. Heard knelt down in front of her and gently removed her hands. "It's going to be okay, and I appreciate your honesty. Anyone else would have tried to lie in your situation. Can you please tell me what happened?"

"What good will it do?" she squeaked, staring at the pavement. "You've already made up your mind."

"Look at me."

Monica did as she was told, surprised by the kindness behind his expression. All day, the men had been engaged in their little pissing contests, and it was the first time she'd seen any of the soldiers bother to show compassion.

"Do you know the Warrior Ethos?" She shook her head. His smile widened and his voice filled with pride when he continued. "They're part of the Soldier's Creed. 'I will always place the mission first. I will never accept defeat. I will never quit. I will never leave a fallen comrade.' You may not be in the Army, but you're a warrior, just like the rest of us. I think we would do well to remember those values ourselves, even in the apocalypse."

"You can't be serious!" the other man objected. He dropped his weapon to his waist and threw his hands up in the air. "If we let her in, she'll kill us all in our sleep! We can't risk it!"

can't Sergeant Heard patted Monica's shoulder and stood up, facing the other man. "We can and we will, Sergeant Ackerman. We don't know how the virus works and there is a genuine possibility that woman is still infected, but with her arm amputated, they might have saved her life. We can keep her in the supply building in one of the cages and post a twenty-four-hour guard."

Hope swelled inside Monica's chest. Did she just imagine his words? Then just as quickly, her joy deflated faster than a hot-air balloon when Sergeant Ackerman stepped forward, practically touching Sergeant Heard's nose with his.

"We don't have the manpower for that kind of guard duty, not when we're already manning the gates! And don't forget the people who turned halfway through the trip here! We lost an entire squad because they didn't act fast enough!"

"The supply cages will hold," he said confidently. "And even if she turns, she'll still have to claw her way out with one arm, giving us more than enough time to act. Will this solution work for everyone?"

Ackerman practically snarled. "Whatever. Don't come crying to me when she turns."

Heard shook his head. "It's a responsibility I'm willing to bear. You will tell no one about the situation or I'll shove you outside the front gate myself. We look after each other, including the civilians." He turned to the group. "Will this suffice for you?"

Monica bobbed her head up and down while Jayson and Diego did the same.

"Good. I'll lead you to the cages with her while you empty the vehicle. Ackerman will let you back inside the gate and I will send some soldiers out to help you bring your things in.

Once inspection is complete, you will shower and prepare for bed. We already have some cots set up in the offices. We can go over everything else tomorrow. Sergeant Recklaw, if you and your friend are willing, I'd like to add you to the Firegaurd roster for a two-hour shift."

"What's Fireguard?" Diego whispered.

Jayson lowered his rifle and let out a loud breath. His movements were sluggish and his voice heavy, as if he hadn't slept in days. "We can explain as we go. Let's just get inside so we can all shower and get some sleep."

He leaned over and held his hand out to Monica. "You're amazing, you know that?"

"What did I do?"



He answered her with a peck to her forehead. "You're you. Now let's go inside and have a night of peace, shall we?"

After they brought everything inside and they had smuggled Jeannie into one of the outer buildings, Monica stood in a large conference room, stripped down to her underwear with the men. They set a tarp up as a makeshift divider while they placed her with the only female soldier in the unit, but she felt no less exposed and helpless in so little. She wrapped her arms over her chest and squeezed her legs together while her stomach rolled itself in knots every time one of the men spoke on the other side.

"Is this necessary?" Monica whispered. Her voice sounded more like a terrified mouse cornered by an enormous cat, but she couldn't help it. She wanted to be away from everyone's view as quickly as possible.

The woman still wore her fatigues, and her name tape said Williams. The rank patch looked like an upside shield, but Monica was hopeless with anything military related. Ms. Williams offered her a comforting smile. "It's just for a few minutes. We need to ensure you weren't exposed to the virus. It's just a few questions, alright?"

Monica submitted, turning when asked, and answering dozens of questions. By the end of the screening, her head was slightly spinning, but at least they had allowed her to put her clothes back on.

Ms. Williams led her outside the conference room where the men waited, both only wearing pants. Monica bit her lip and averted her eyes. She'd been intimate enough with Jayson—she didn't need to acquaint herself with Diego's naked body too, even if he preferred sausages over hamburgers.

Ms. Williams's eyes appreciatively roamed over both men, sending an odd pang of jealousy through Monica's chest. Would Jayson prefer the curvy woman over Monica's twig frame? Those luscious lips and unfairly bigger boobs?

Jayson didn't appear to notice though as his eyes only watched Monica. He reached for her hand and she snatched it, surprised at her audacity. Since when did she have a claim over him? They'd only kissed once, and it had been during a moment of weakness when she feared he wouldn't come out of the animal hospital alive.

His hand wrapped around hers felt nice, though. It was safe and assuring when nothing was guaranteed in this new reality.

Ms. Williams cut into her thoughts and led them down the hallway, her boots echoing loudly against the long halls. "If you will all follow me, I'll lead you to the latrines. We don't have a lot to offer in terms of clothes, but we found some new PT uniforms the soldiers haven't claimed yet. Unfortunately, you'll have to air dry since we have no towels."

Monica could live with that, though she'd be happy if she at least had a clean set of underwear. Unfortunately, she hadn't had the chance to go to her apartment for a change of clothes, leaving her only with what she had on.

As they continued down the hallway, Ms. Williams continued, rattling off different locations and terms that went way over Monica's head. At some point, Jayson snaked his arm around her waist and she leaned her head against his shoulder, suddenly feeling exhausted.

"It will all be over soon," he whispered. "We got two offices beside each other and our supplies are already inside."

"You trusted them with all of your guns?"

He shrugged. "I didn't really have a choice, but Sergeant Heard and that Oliver kid seem decent enough. I definitely wouldn't trust Jeannie's mother with them."

"I don't like any of them," she admitted quietly. "Has anyone tried to check Taylor's phone yet to see if his dad called?"

"Nothing yet. I left his phone on the charger though while we still have electricity. We'll try again after we're done in the showers."

Monica stopped, tugging on Jayson's hand to stay with her. He watched her with a curious expression and she stood there, bouncing on her feet. "Do you think there's any hope?"

Jayson leaned in and planted a slow kiss against her lips, parting her mouth with his tongue. It was so intimate, scary, and sensual. For a moment, it was as if neither of them had a care in the world as she depended the kiss. It spoke of promise, safety, and everything neither of them knew how to articulate. With one hand on her waist and the other firmly against the back of her neck, he eased her against the wall until only the thick fabric of his cargo pants separated them from his hard-on.

She didn't know if butterflies or anything were swarming through her stomach. Maybe both. How could she encourage something she didn't know how to give in return?

When Jayson broke the kiss, she nearly cried from the warring emotions inside her chest. She wanted him, but she also wanted to run and hide inside her apartment--her girl sanctuary she'd built over the last six years while posting a gigantic sign with the words, NO BOYS ALLOWED .

NO BOYS ALLOWED Jayson rested his forehead against hers and hummed. She could practically feel him grinning. "There's always hope," he whispered. "Even at the end of the world, we can still persevere and win. All we need is each other."

"You're so cheesy," she murmured. As silly as he was, though, she couldn't bring herself to let go.

"You love me for it."

Did she? Or was he just saying it? Her body stiffened in his arms.

Jayson kissed her again. "You're thinking way too hard. I'm not asking you to love me back. I just want you to know I'll do anything to keep that beautiful smile on your face. Just knowing you're safe is enough for me."

Monica stood on her toes, lifting her chin to reach his mouth, threading her fingers through his hair. With a loud groan, Jayson rocked his hips into hers and chuckled when she gasped. His hands wandered beneath her long shirt and slipped down the back of her leggings until they cupped her butt cheeks. He lifted her up, forcing her to wrap her legs around his waist as their mouths clashed and their tongues entwined until there was nothing left except for them.

All of her fear melted away. Heat pulsed between her legs and suddenly she abandoned every rational thought. Dropping to her feet, she pulled away long enough to stare at him while their chests heaved and their lips throbbed from the pressure of their kiss. What she was about to propose was insane, but they only lived once, right? Did he really need to know the past if they were probably going to die tomorrow?

"Jayson...I... Would it be too forward if I said I want you?"

He gasped and drew her into another deep kiss before pulling her into the closest locked room. The moment the door closed behind him, his pants fell to his feet while his fingers grazed her skin and squeezed her breasts. "God, no. But only if this is what you want."

Of course, he'd be a gentleman. All the more reason for Monica to give him everything. For just one night, she wanted peace. With a wicked smile, she pulled off her shirt and unclasped her bra while kicking off her leggings until there was nothing left but skin, bodies, and nothing to stop them from going all the way.

Within seconds, Jayson was sitting on the nearest table, pulling her into his lap, and tossed his head back with his eyes closed as he slipped into her. For a moment, time stood still, and she clenched around him, unfamiliar with the intimacy. Then he thrust his hips forward, pinched her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers, and whispered, "Ride me, Monica."

He was giving her all the control, and it was the end of the world. She closed her eyes, dug her nails into his chest, and did more than ride him.

She made love to him.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Twenty-Nine


I am adding a trigger warning for mentions of past sexual assault.

I am adding a trigger warning for mentions of past sexual assault. Jayson

Jayson Sex had never felt so good, and no woman had ever been so exquisite. Long after they'd climaxed, Jayson held Monica close, stroking her back with one finger until she shivered. She snuggled closer to him with a satisfied sigh, tangling her legs between his.

He could do this forever.

If only she could be his.

Without a single doubt in his mind, he definitely belonged to her, from now until the moment he died.

He rolled over until he was above her and braced his arms on each side of her. He slowly ran his tongue along her neck until he bit her earlobe and whispered in a ragged breath, "I love you."

He always thought he'd be terrified the moment the words came out, but now that he'd said them, it had never felt more right.

Monica closed her eyes and sighed before standing up to gather her clothes. He didn't expect her to return his declaration, but her lack of acknowledgment hurt.

Jayson sat up, propping his arms behind him, and watched her curiously. They'd just explored literally every inch of each other with abandon, and now her movements were shy and cautious. The way she kept her back to him as she stumbled back into her leggings and pulled on her shirt while trying to hide her breasts made him wonder what he'd done to scare her away.

"Are you okay?"

She froze. Then she slowly smoothed down the fabric of her shirt over her thighs before turning. The moisture pooling in her eyes nearly broke him.

He jumped up, still buck naked and hanging in all of his shrunken glory. Monica's eyes flicked down before her cheeks reddened, and Jayson could only shrug. His pants were somewhere on the other side of the room. All he could do was hope she'd open up to him and tell him whatever was on her mind.

"You look upset," he tried again.

Monica dipped her head and tears splashed down her cheeks. She worked her jaw but said nothing, so Jayson crossed the space between them in two steps and gently grabbed her shoulders, trying not to make it worse. "What is it? Please tell me. Did I hurt you?"

Monica wrapped her arms around his waist and buried her face in his chest. Even sweaty, a hint of her citrus shampoo remained, reminding him of how normal life had been only a day ago. "You didn't do anything," she said in a muffled voice. "It's just... We're moving so fast and I know I started this, but it scares me because... because..."

She sniffled, wetting his chest. He kissed the top of her hair and stroked her back. "Tell me. Did something...happen?"

He hated asking, but he'd wondered for so long now. She'd rejected so many men over the years, every single one in fact—except for Taylor. And Jayson knew damn well his roommate wouldn't initiate sex. He was afraid of any kind of commitment.

Monica nodded, squeezing harder. "It was a long time ago," she mumbled. "You're my first since. Actually, you're the first I've had... consensual sex with," she finally choked out.

Shit.

No wonder she was so freaked out. "Monica, I'm sorry. I..." He what? He hadn't done it to her, but that didn't make the emotional trauma any less real than whenever it had happened. God, he hoped she wasn't comparing them. That wasn't a blow he was ready for.

She shook her head and lifted herself up as if she was about to kiss him but stopped, biting her lip instead. "No, it's my fault for not telling you. I wanted this. I wanted to know if it would be good. If I'm going to die tomorrow, I wanted to be with someone I care about. I wanted to know what it felt like to..."



Her blush deepened as she watched him with those wide, dark, expressive eyes of hers. A look that asked him a million questions, especially the one wanting to know if he hated her. While Jayson knew reciprocating his feelings was a long shot, the acknowledgement still stung. Even knowing this, he couldn't hate her. He couldn't even be angry with her.

If anything, he loved her that much more, and it hurt. It was as if Monica was slowly crushing his heart with a vice clamp.

He forced a neutral smile on his face and did his best to keep the emotion out of his voice. "I told you outside, you don't have to love me back. I just hope..." His fists clenched at his sides as he tried to get the words out without falling apart. He drew a very slow breath, ignoring the burning behind his eyes. He was not going to cry in front of her over this. He cleared his throat and continued. "I just hope it was everything you wanted."

not Another tear slid down her face, and it all he could do not to wipe it away. "It was," she croaked. "It was everything and then some. It scares me because I've never cared this much about anyone. I mean, it's the end of the world and...and...shit, I don't want to presume you said you loved me just because we were deep in the moment."

Relief crashed through Jayson's chest like a tidal wave, and he pulled her back into his arms. As water spilled from the corners of his eyes, his voice cracked. "God, no. I've been in love with you since you walked in that pharmacy six years ago. Maybe we took things a little fast, but I'd rather die right now with you knowing how I feel about you than never taking the chance."

"I'd rather you not die at all."

Jayson offered her a breathy laugh. "It'll take more than a few Soapies to kill me. And they'll only come to you over my dead body. I meant what I said," he said, holding her tighter. "I'm in love with you. Always have been, always will be. We can go as slow or fast as you want. You have the control, okay?"

Monica kissed him this time, running her hands through his hair and along the side of his face. "Really?"

He ran his tongue along the bottom of her lip, memorizing each little detail before he released her and nodded. "Really, really. And that asshole had better hope he didn't survive, or I'll kill him myself."

Monica sighed. "Trust me, you don't have to worry about him. I just want to worry about making it through the night and surviving this."

"And we will," he promised. "But for now, let's go shower. I have some soap to go steal from Taylor's bag."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. The pair found their way to the showers, giggling as they lathered each other with their stolen soap. The entire experience was erotic as Jayson continued to explore Monica's body beneath the steamy droplets of water, memorizing every curve and contour until it was permanently etched into his brain.

By now, he already knew what pleased her and what made her jittery, but once he'd given her control to do as she pleased to him, she'd forgotten her hesitation as her fingers traced each line of his tattoos until her hand slowly wrapped around his cock and squeezed.

He didn't remember much else about the shower, except that her mouth of hers, taking him in as she met his eyes with a wicked little grin as she flicked her tongue over his tip.

Now, they stood in Taylor's makeshift room with Diego, and even though he was supposed to be thinking about Taylor's recovery and their survival, all he could think about was how hot it was when he convinced Monica to wear his underwear and the different ways he wanted it to come back off later.

Six years without sex was doing weird things to him. Now that he'd had a taste of it again, he was ready to tell the apocalypse to go screw itself. Except he couldn't rush Monica. The day had been stressful for everyone, and people did crazy things in disasters. Once they came down from their high, it was entirely possible Monica would go right back into her shell. Given what she'd been through, he had no illusions of this lasting more than a few days. Anything they did was entirely up to her, and he knew better than to push her.

If only his heart didn't ache so damn bad. This was worse than his cheating fiancee. He'd learned to let Pamela go, deciding their departure was for the best, but there was no way he could lose Monica. It would be like losing a limb, especially now that she knew how he felt.

All he could do was pray to live long enough to prove he wasn't another asshole out for a piece of ass.

He sat on the cot beside Taylor and sighed. Now that he and Monica had showered, it was Diego's turn to clean up. Sergeant Heard had made everyone discard the clothes they came in with and had provided anyone with spare uniforms they'd found in the supply cages. Jayson had spare clothes from his, Jeannie's, and Taylor's bags that Sergeant Ackerman had grudgingly allowed, but everything else they'd come in wearing had been burned in a barrel outside.

Monica wore a set of Jayson's PT uniform that was so big, it hung almost down past her shorts. Even when she'd knotted the tie around the waist, the shorts dipped past her knees, and Jayson had nearly doubled over laughing when they'd argued about her wearing his boxer briefs. After pointing out it was that or nothing, she pulled them on, just for them to slide down her flat butt.

He wore his second uniform he'd stuffed into his bag with his rifle slung over his shoulder. So far, he was the only person to get any sleep that day and had offered to take the first guard shift.

Until Diego came back though, Jayson had a moment to sit with his friends. Taylor hadn't yet woken up from the morphine and anesthetic, but it appeared to be wearing off as he moaned in his sleep, wincing each time he stirred.

Monica sighed heavily and leaned against Jayson, bringing her feet into her chest. "What do you think will happen to us? We still haven't heard from his dad."

Jayson pressed his lips together. He didn't want to dash Monica's hopes, but he couldn't lie to her either. "I honestly don't know. We can't survive here for longer than a few weeks. Once the power goes out and we run out of food, we're going to have to seek shelter elsewhere. If the zombies don't kill us, the heat and starvation will."

"You don't think his dad will come?"

She looked so damn hopeful, and Jayson felt like a prick for what he was about to tell her when Taylor's phone rang. They turned their heads toward the noise, and Taylor groaned. Jayson scrambled off the bed to dive for the device and his mouth fell open when he saw Mr. Whittaker's phone number flash across the screen.

Holy shit.

He fumbled to press send and pressed the phone to his ear. "Hello?"

A soft British accent came over the line. "Where is Taylor? Is my son safe?"

Jayson laughed in relief and dropped to the ground. He couldn't believe it. They were actually going to be rescued.

I rarely post A/Ns, but for once, I think it's necessary here (because someone is going to have a strong opinion on this). Every assault survivor is different. Some compartmentalize while others shut down. As a survivor myself, I compartmentalize. Considering the stress Monica is under, I do believe she'd be willing to try with someone she trusts not to hurt her.

I rarely post A/Ns, but for once, I think it's necessary here (because someone is going to have a strong opinion on this). Every assault survivor is different. Some compartmentalize while others shut down. As a survivor myself, I compartmentalize. Considering the stress Monica is under, I do believe she'd be willing to try with someone she trusts not to hurt her. There are always resources and support. Just remember, you're never alone in this.

There are always resources and support. Just remember, you're never alone in this.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Thirty


Taylor: Part I

Taylor: Part I "Wake up. Taylor, wake up!"

Pain ran up and down the length of Taylor's arm. His knees throbbed, and his face felt like it had been run through a blender. Someone was shaking him, rattling his brain around in his skull and jolting his arm. He hissed, struggling just to open one eye and squint in the unfamiliar room.

Monica sat beside him and suddenly threw her arms around him, making him gasp. Something was wrong with his arm. Blood pulsed too hard and his elbow hurt as if he'd banged it against something.

"Ow!"

Monica released him and now that his eyes were open, his heart clenched at the tears in her eyes. "Oh, my God, you're awake!" she cried.

Groaning, Taylor struggled to sit up, using his good arm to gain purchase on the uncomfortable bed. His head spun and someone sat beside him, keeping him upright. "What is it?" he slurred. "Where am I?"

"You're safe," Jayson said in front of him, holding Taylor's phone out to him. "It's your dad. He wants to speak to you."

Taylor leaned against Monica, barely able to keep his stomach calm. Diego sat on his other side, squeezing his hand. The only person missing was...

"Where's Jeannie?"

Jayson passed the phone to him in response. "Later. Speak to your dad first before we lose the signal."

Pulling his hand free from Diego's, he took the phone and pressed it to his ear. "Dad?"

A loud sigh of relief came over the line. "Taylor, thank God. Are you safe? Your friend said you were hurt. Were you bitten?"

Woah, that was way too much at once while his arm screamed in pain and dizziness threatened to knock him over. "One thing at a time," he mumbled, pressing speaker so John's voice didn't smash Taylor's brain to pieces.

"Listen to me, there's not much time. The signal has been sketchy, and this is very, very important. Were you bitten?"

very Taylor tried to rack his brain. The last thing he remembered was getting off the phone and having a panic attack. Diego had come for him, Phoenix had been on fire, and Soapies had appeared from nowhere. Then he'd tripped...

He stared down at the makeshift sling holding his bandaged arm in place. He barely heard his dad.

"Taylor, are you listening to me?"

Oh, right. "No, not bitten. I think I broke my arm when I fell, though."

He also had no memory of how he'd gotten here or what had happened after landing on his arm. Jeannie was missing, and his dad wanted answers he didn't know how to give.

"Okay, I've got a lock on your phone's signal. Are you in a secure location?"

Jayson nodded, keeping his arms folded over his chest as he leaned against the wall.

"Yeah. We're secure. Are you really coming for us?"

"You're my son. Of course we are."

Something about his wording didn't sit well with him. "Dad, you're sending someone for all of us, right? I'm not leaving without my friends."

all "Of course. There will be room for them on the helicopter. How many survivors are there?"

Taylor looked to Jayson, who shared a glance with Diego. After a moment, Jayson signaled him the number nineteen. Surely, there had to be more people to make it to the post before losing the roads. Regardless, he relayed the information to his father.



The line was quiet for a moment with what sounded like background noise and people conversing, but he couldn't understand what was being said. Finally, John came back on the line and said, "Okay, we can spare two military grade helicopters and be there within six hours. That will be enough to accommodate all of you."

A collective sigh filled the room between the friends. It was all too good to be true, yet it was happening. Taylor closed his eyes, unable to believe his luck. They were going to survive.

"That's great news, Dad. Will we be safe in Nevada?"

"Yes. I will explain everything when you arrive. Whatever you do, don't leave your location. Have everyone ready to board and to carry only what they need. I'll see you soon. I love you, son."

"I love you too."

The call ended and Taylor leaned into his friends. His arm continued to throb and his headache had become a full-blown migraine. When his stomach lurched, he leaned over the bed with a cry, curling into the fetal position.

Someone rubbed his back as he retched. Someone shoved a bottle of water into his hand and he drank a sip before spluttering.

"I know your stomach hurts, but you need to drink something," Monica said in an encouraging tone. "You're severely dehydrated and you haven't eaten anything all day."

"I couldn't eat if I wanted to," he groaned, remembering Loki's remains splattering against his wall and all the Soapies he'd shot or run over. No, he definitely couldn't eat without chucking it back up.

"Too bad," Jayson said, pushing himself off the wall and adjusting his weapon sling. His eyes narrowed and his voice was uncharacteristically hard. "Your dad wouldn't even speak to us unless he knew you were alive. Had you been dead, that prick would have left us for dead."

"You don't know that," Monica said. "He's a man grieving for his wife. It's understandable he'd want to know Taylor was alive. We had his phone. We could have been anyone who came across his device."

Jason's glare landed firmly on Monica. His chest heaved for a minute before he spoke again, clenching his fists at his side. "The man is in bed with the government and he has enough strings to pull to get the survivors out of here. Only a selfish prick would hold back that kind of help."

"Jayson!"

"What!"

Taylor shook his head only to reach for it, hissing when he jerked his broken arm too fast. "Guys, please. Jayson's right. My dad...is a complicated man. Family is everything to him."

"And what about when you came out?" Jayson snapped. "He had no problem kicking you to the curb when you came out. Why now?"

Taylor threw his good arm in the air. "I don't know! Dad and I were really close once. What he did was shitty, but I'm not about to go around questioning his motives when all I want to do is survive! Is that so bad?"

Lowering his eyes, Jayson exhaled a soft breath through his nose and shook his head. "I'm sorry," he mumbled. "It's not bad, and it's not that I'm ungrateful. I just don't trust him. I'm as scared as everyone else here and I don't want to give myself false hope."

"If my dad says he'll get it done, he will. Maybe we don't know his motives, but he doesn't lie."

"I hope you're right, Taylor. I need to start my guard shift and let Sergeant Heard know you're awake so he can inspect you. Then you can shower and get ready to leave in six hours."

Jayson took two steps before Taylor said, "Wait. What about Jeannie? Why isn't she here with us?"

A dark look clouded his eyes, and he turned to Diego with a pinched expression. The other man nodded once, and Jayson left without a word.



The exchange left Taylor with a bad feeling. Why wouldn't they tell him? Monica chewed on her bottom lip as she refused to look at him. Diego worked his jaw for a moment, grinding his teeth before saying, "Jeannie was bitten a little over two hours ago."

Air left Taylor's lungs with a loud whoosh. "H-how?"

"It was on our way here after your surgery," Monica said through a loud sniffle. "We were attacked on the way here, and...and the window shattered..."

The rest of the sentence was incoherent as Monica sobbed into her hands.

Diego sighed and cast his gaze to his interlaced fingers. Shadows and heavy bags rested beneath his eyes, and his tan skin was pink from too much sun with not enough water. His words were slow and heavy as he spoke. "We were surrounded by zombies less than five miles out from here. When the truck stalled from all the weight, one of them broke through the back window and bit Jeannie. We had to..."

He sucked in a sharp breath and grimaced. Releasing it slowly, he said, "I had to amputate her arm. She almost wasn't allowed inside, but we convinced the guards to lock her inside one of the supply cages."

Taylor's breath hitched. "They locked her up like an animal and you agreed to it?"

agreed "We didn't have a choice, Taylor. They were going to leave her outside the gates unless we allowed them to shoot her."

Taylor shot up and spun around to face the pair. Neither of them would look at him, and heat rushed through his cheeks. "I can't believe this! Is anyone even bothering to see how she's doing or did you just say fuck it and leave her on her own! Did you all feel that way about me too? Let's just leave our friends to die and look out for ourselves!"

By now, Monica had pulled her knees into her chest as she buried her face into her legs, still crying. Shame burned at Taylor's heart—Jeannie was her best friend. Monica wouldn't leave her behind, much less pull the trigger even if she had turned. But Diego...he had no loyalty to anyone. He was just a stray they'd picked up on the way out of town. If he hadn't wasted so much time trying to track down people's families, Jeannie might not have been in this situation.

Taylor could only blame himself.

He turned to walk out of the room when a draft from the air vents made him look down. All he wore was his black boxer-briefs, and he rolled his eyes.

"Where the hell are my clothes?"

Diego barely looked at him, though Taylor didn't miss his clenched fists in his lap. "Calm down. We did what we had to do, and only time will tell if Jeannie survives. As for your clothes, the unit isn't taking any chances of exposing anyone to the virus. Anything we came in with is being burned outside. You can change into something after you shower."

"Taylor, you weren't conscious for everything that happened," Monica whispered. "You're not being fair. We did everything we could, not even knowing if we'd be rescued or survive the next five minutes."

Tears pricked the corners of Taylor's eyes, and he quickly pressed his fingers over his lids. Only a day ago, he'd been joking with Jayson about cooking his own food and telling him to keep Loki away from him. Now, his friends were being picked off, one by one, and the day hadn't even ended. Several moments of painful silence passed before he was confident he could control his voice.

"I'm...sorry. Everything is just so screwed up. We've lost Eric, and now we might lose Jeannie. My mom is dead, we don't know what happened to everyone else, and we probably won't even be able to restore humanity. It's too much in one day."

Diego and Monica stood up together and gathered him into a hug. He tensed at the contact, forcing himself to relax and wrap his arms around the pair.

Monica ran her fingers through his hair and whispered, "We know. No one is blaming you. This has been hard on everyone."

"You're all too good for me," he said in a cracked voice. "It should have been me."

"No," Diego said firmly. "No one deserved this. Humanity sucks while the rest of us fight just to stay alive. If it hadn't been this, it would have been something else. You're too good for the rest of the world while reminding us of who we should aspire to be."

Taylor squeezed his friends a little tighter, grateful that they hadn't abandoned him yet. All they needed now was to make it through the night. No matter how questionable his dad's motives were, he and his friends would be within the safety of a government facility by the next morning.

They'd have to fight for Jeannie, but for now, this was a start.

Finally, he said, "Thank you. Now let's get this over with so I can shower and see Jeannie. Also, if you stole my soap, we're gonna have words."

Monica giggled in his chest. "That's what you're worried about? Next time, I'll use the entire bottle with Jayson and leave you with nothing."

"You're so weird," Diego said with a laugh. "I don't know what it is with you and your soap, but I'll break into a Bath and Body Works if it means seeing you in only that."

A small chuckle escaped, despite their weird and crazy circumstances. Even though it was the end of the world, Taylor was happy to know some things remained the same. And if he was lucky, they'd come out of this alive and he'd explore Diego's potential once they were safe.

He looked forward to the next morning.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Thirty-One


Taylor Part II

Taylor Part II Something about being inspected and interrogated in only his underwear made Taylor feel uncomfortable, exposed, and completely stripped of his rights. His head still hurt, only made worse by a man named Sergeant Ackerman. The man questioned him relentlessly, demanding to know about each cut and scrape as if Taylor was already infected.

"How did you come across your abrasions?" Sergeant Ackerman kept his rifle at the ready, though he didn't directly point the weapon at Taylor.

"I told you, I fell."

"And how do we know you didn't acquire the infection through bacteria on the rocks?"

"Have I turned yet? I broke my arm, asshole. I didn't go around hugging Soapies."

"Watch your tone, kid. I doubt give a fuck who you are. You're crazy, you're probably gonna get us all killed, and I won't hesitate to pull the trigger the moment I prove I'm right."

Jesus Christ, who was this man calling crazy? Had he been the one to suggest killing Jeannie? Men like him were dangerous—afraid and paranoid, while someone else had been stupid enough to arm him.

"I'm not infected," Taylor said firmly. "And like it or not, if my dad finds out you killed me, you can kiss any chance of survival goodbye. He owns the fucking government. All he has to do is say one word, and your ass would be out with the Soapies."

not Whether this was true was up for debate, but considering how many times the president invited John Whittaker to the White House, Taylor wouldn't be surprised if his father influenced the government's decisions.

Ackerman grabbed Taylor's formerly slinged arm and twisted, tearing a stitch loose. Fire tore through his arm, forcing him to bite back a scream from the bone threatening to shift out of place. Water blurred his vision, making it impossible to see the deranged man in front of him.

"One shot is all it would take," Ackerman growled. "Your friend has already been bitten and risked the safety of everyone here. With or without you, the military would have no choice but to take us with them. You're more useless than the rich lady who came in with the other unit, and if your friends had any common sense, they'd have left you both behind."

Taylor had no way to call for help, especially when he couldn't string more than two thoughts together. He wasn't strong enough to take this man on, regardless of the state of his arm, and it made him wonder what the hardened sergeant had been like even before the apocalypse.

Jayson and Eric had come back with deep emotional scars and PTSD—they were both men who had killed and would do so again, but neither of them ever lost their tempers. While Eric had refused to talk about his time overseas, Jayson had been more willing to open up about the symptoms of soldiers damage by war. They were irritable and easily triggered by the smallest things, often unable to control their episodes.

Unfortunately, he hadn't mentioned how to get out of the situation, should he ever come face-to-face with it. Taylor shook with an effort not to pass out or provoke the man further. By now, his elbow had swollen to the size of a melon as blood trickled down his arm.

The door flew open and Ackerman dropped Taylor's arm to raise his rifle. The floor rocked beneath his feet as he sank down onto his knees and tried to keep his head from rolling off somewhere.

"Ackerman, I said to inspect him, not manhandle him! What the hell is wrong with you!"

A pair of hands gripped him beneath his armpits and pulled him up, seeming to take great care not to damage his arm further. A familiar accent whispered in his ear. "Lo siento, leoncito. No sabía que ese cabrón estaría contigo."



Whatever the hell Diego had just said was a million times better than facing Sergeant Crazy, and he gladly allowed himself to be escorted out of the room. The shouting continued even with the door closed, echoing across the large office space. It wasn't until they entered an enclosed hallway that the noise stopped, and Taylor slipped down onto the freezing tiles.

He leaned against the wall, trembling like the incompetent loser he was. He raked his good hand across his face. "I don't get it. You'd think they'd be happy for a rescue. Instead, it's like I'm contaminated just because I fell."

Diego slumped beside him and carefully took his arm. Ackerman's earlier abuse had intensified the pain a thousand times over, and now pins and needles joined the swelling. His head suddenly spun, and he had to close his eyes to keep from falling over.

"Taylor, he was wrong. Sergeant Heard was coordinating our departure when Ackerman came in and Monica was guarding the weapons in our room while I grabbed your things. If I'd known Ackerman would do the inspection, I'd never have let you go in alone."

"There wasn't anyone else?"

Diego shook his head. "Everyone else is on guard duty or trying to prepare for tomorrow morning. People are exhausted, and I think Ackerman was the only person available. He was the one who suggested killing Jeannie."

Shit. And they gave that man a gun? Taylor could only wonder why they'd allow him near anyone in his state of mind. "Diego, I'm afraid of him. He doesn't seem very stable."

"I agree," he sighed. "I think he's the only other Sergeant here. Everyone else seems to rank beneath him or they're civilians. I know this doesn't excuse his behavior, but I overheard Jayson and Heard talking about his PTSD. In Ackerman's mind, everyone is the enemy."

"Then why is he allowed to have a gun if he's so easily triggered? He could have killed me in there."

"Today, they needed experience over sanity. He's conditioned to react to threats, and I doubt anyone else here has ever seen combat."

There was no point in arguing. He just didn't want that man anywhere near him. When he was sure he could stand on his own again, Taylor stood up. "You said you had my things? I need to shower."

Diego gathered a bag from the floor and swung it over his shoulder. "Your stitches came loose and I don't trust the water to not be contaminated. We need to wrap a bag around your arm and clean it after you're done."

Taylor shot him a bemused expression. "And what exactly do you have in mind for cleaning up my arm?"

"I don't think you'll like it," Diego said, evading the question while leading Taylor to a locker room with showers. He set the bag down beside a bench, leaning over to pull toiletries, clothes, and a bottle of Everclear out. "Sit down."

Taylor shook his head, knowing where he was going with this. "No, I don't do pain well. Didn't you already disinfect it when Jeannie did her thing?"

Twisting the cap off the bottle, Diego was already on his feet and blocking Taylor's escape. His dark eyes softened as he motioned for Taylor to hold out his arm. "It's only a few minutes of pain. At least you still have your arm."

Shit, he wasn't playing fair. Even if it was true, Taylor would rather not squeal in front of a guy he was interested in. Slowly, he held his arm out while Diego poured fucking one hundred proof alcohol on his cut.

"Jesus fucking Christ!" He bit down hard on his lip and growled through the raging inferno. Breathing was suddenly impossible, and he prayed he didn't cry. It was hard to say when he all he wanted was to roll over and die.



The stinging subsided as Diego blew gently on the cut. It was awkward and oddly nice to have someone care for him without judging him for being a baby. He just wished he was wearing more than underwear. This wasn't exactly dignified.

Diego didn't seem to notice as he looked up, seeming to realize the same thing. Except instead of a desire to flee, his gaze was filled with something else—something more primal. He reached to touch Taylor's face, brushing a stray lock of hair from his forehead before leaning in.

As their lips met, something besides fear and pain settled inside his chest. Butterflies settled into his stomach and his muscles relaxed. This was the first time he'd kissed a man in years, and he Taylor realized just then how much he'd missed it. Before, he'd been forced to keep his sexuality a secret. Now he didn't need to.

Diego traced his lip with his tongue and Taylor placed a hand around the back of his neck, pulling him closer. He didn't think they could go all the way, even now, but it was nice to have one moment of safety in a world where they could die any moment.

As their bodies pressed against each other, something bulged against his stomach, creating more butterflies, all demanding him to let go. His heart pounded out a salsa as Diego ran his tongue along Taylor's neck. With a shuddering breath, he whispered, "I think you should shower before I take you right here."

Taylor wasn't a sex on the first date type of guy, but he'd be lying to himself if he said he didn't want it. If they made it through the night, he'd have more than enough time to explore the possibilities with him.

He nodded, breaking contact to turn on the nearest shower. While the water was hot enough to kill any virus, he craved a cold shower lest he change his mind and beg Diego to take him, anyway.

Even if nothing happened and everyone managed a few hours of sleep, he was going to be awake all night. Then, as if Diego had read his mind, he was suddenly right behind him, roaming every contour of Taylor's body as he whispered in a ragged breath, "We could die any minute. Just once can't hurt."

Just once, his ass. He wanted them both to survive so they could do it over and over again. He twisted around and clashed against Diego's mouth with abandon, losing himself to the moment.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. When they'd resurfaced, only one set of lights remained on in the main building. Jayson, Ackerman, and the rest of the guard duty were nowhere to be found as everyone slept in the makeshift rooms, trying to rest before their rescue came.

Freshly showered, dressed, and bandaged, Taylor relaxed. He didn't know how he was going to get through the apocalypse with no clean water, and he tried to prepare himself for the possibility of running out when he arrived at the facility.

His hand linked with Diego's as they quietly slipped into their room, where Monica had fallen asleep on the second cot. A packed bag sat on the floor at the foot of the bed, leaving only the second tiny cot or the floor.

Diego pulled a gray sleeping bag out that looked much like the military issued ones and spread it across the floor before pulling Taylor's sleeping bag down with it. His soft voice tickled Taylor's ear. "Come sleep with me tonight?"

He wanted nothing more than to curl up beside Diego, but first, he needed to know something. "What about Jeannie? Will she be okay?"

"I don't know," Diego answered honestly, keeping his voice low. "Jayson is guarding the supply cage and said he'd let us know of any changes. We gave her a huge dose of morphine, so she'll be out of it for a while. We can check on her together when I start my shift."

Taylor supposed that would have to do. Diego lied down on top of both bags and Taylor followed him, resting his head on the other man's chest. Even though he'd only been awake for two hours, sleep tugged at his consciousness. Within moments, he was asleep.

A pop followed by screaming woke him. Diego was already on his feet, reaching for a rifle in the dark while Monica peered out of the door. With a loud gasp, she closed it, covering them in darkness.

"What did you see?" Diego asked, sounding wide awake and alert.

Monica released a tiny whimper as another set of shots blasted in the room behind them. "Someone must have turned while we were asleep."

Shit. They couldn't even go two hours before everything hit the fan again. It would be a miracle if they survived the night.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Thirty-Two


Diego

Diego "Lock and barricade the door," Diego said, slamming a magazine into his rifle. Between him and Jayson, they were down to their last ten clips, and he needed to make these shots count. Everything else was designed for handguns, and that would have to serve as enough protection for Monica and Taylor if the zombies breached the room.

He didn't look to see if the pair acknowledged him as he slipped into the chaos unfolding before him. Where they'd had only nineteen survivors when he'd gone to bed, the large space now held nearly three dozen people—either screaming or chasing down their midnight snacks.

Ackerman and Heard were in separate corners, picking off zombies one at a time. The cubicles in the center of the room made it difficult to tell the difference between the living and undead though while bodies ran in every direction.

Scanning from left to right, Diego immediately fired at the first zombie to barrel towards him. It immediately went down only for another to thunder behind him, and he spun around to swing the butt of his rifle into his face. The man stumbled, giving Diego time to shoot another round into his head.

He crept to his right, away from Sergeant Ackerman's direction in case he started shooting at anything that moved. Using the cubicles as a barrier, he inched along, monitoring every room he passed. The lights were out in a few offices while other doors were left ajar, presumably from people checking out the commotion.

Just as he readied himself to round the corner, a door swung open with Jeannie's mother stepping out in ridiculous pink pajamas and a sleep mask resting on top of her messy blonde hair. The other man from Jeannie's house opened a door, glancing between Diego and the chaos behind him while Mrs High and Mighty spoke.

"What's going on? Does no one have any consideration?"

Diego rolled his eyes. This bitch was so oblivious. "Get back inside your rooms and lock the doors!" he yelled in a loud whisper, motioning for her to leave.

"What are you talking about?" She yelled over the chaos as she stepped into the room, crossing her bony arms over her chest. "We're supposed to be safe!"

"¡Cállate, puta jodida!"

She glared, but before she could retort, a door broke open, splintering from its hinges as several new zombies filtered in.

Where the hell had they all come from?

Diego shuffled backwards, raising his rifle, as the man beside Jeannie's mother quickly slammed the door. She either wasn't as lucky or she really was stupid as the first zombie plowed into her. Her screams were immediately cut short by the monster biting into her throat. While she choked on her blood, the snarls and ripping flesh played over the chorus of screaming, terrified people.

The three zombies behind the first all faced him with milky eyes and extended arms. He fired several shots in rapid succession, sending blood splattering in every direction. Two immediately dropped while the third pushed forward until Diego found himself backed into a wall.

He squeezed the trigger only for use bullet the jam inside the chamber. "¡Mierda!"

The zombie drew closer, leaving him with no time to clear the chamber. He reached for the doorknob behind him and rattled it only to find it locked while the corpse continued forward, followed by the one who'd just finished its meal with Jeannie's mother.

Diego continued down the wall, losing ground between himself and the hungry zombies. Suddenly, someone yelled behind him, "Get down!"

Hell no.



Diego dove instead towards the nearest cubicle just as the first shot hit its mark. The second zombie stormed past him, focused on whoever had shot at the first. He quickly cleared the chamber and bolted back into the narrow walkway and fired, landing a direct hit in the person's skull.

Sergeant Ackerman nodded curtly before firing on his side of the hallway. "Keep shooting! We're almost out of the woods!"

Well, at least he was an experienced marksman, Diego would give him that. He ran back around the way he came, leaping over fallen corpses as he went. So far, none of them had been Jeannie, and he could only hope she hadn't been the one to turn and kill everyone.

When he reached the corner again, Jayson barreled through with his rifle at the ready and his finger on the trigger. A crazed, feral look clouded his eyes as if he was back overseas where everyone was his enemy.

"¡No dispares! Don't shoot!"

Jayson lowered his rifle and watched Diego with his chest heaving and sweat dripping down his forehead. "I heard shots fired all the way from the other building," he wheezed.

"Jeannie?" Diego asked, praying their efforts hadn't been for nothing. That, and he didn't want to kill so many innocent people.

"Still out. I gave her another shot of morphine an hour ago."

Gracias a Dios.

Gracias a Dios. Diego sighed in relief. It hadn't been here, which meant it was someone from one of the convoys. With half a laugh, he said, "Why don't we finish this then. Is anyone else in the hallway?"

"All clear."

With a light fist bump, they closed in on the rest of the Soapies, shooting until they ran out of ammo. Jayson threw his knife with disturbing accuracy while Ackerman took out the rest. The room echoed long after the last shot rang and silence descended upon the remaining survivors.

Everyone slowly emerged from the remaining rooms, taking gloves from the medical supplies while hauling the bodies outside as the soldiers burned them. Halfway through, Diego came upon Sergeant Heard, and he hung his head while his new friends and Sergeant Ackerman stood nearby. "Mierda. He was a good man."

Ackerman nodded, his face devoid of his earlier aggression. "And a damn good soldier. We deployed to Kuwait together in '08."

"How did this happen?"

Ackerman raked his fingers across his face. His eyes drooped from hours of no sleep, and facial hair dotted his cheekbones after a day of not shaving. "One of the zombies got him right before the end. I shot him before he could turn. He...would have wanted that, you know? He wouldn't have wanted to be responsible for killing anyone."

Jayson clapped him on the shoulder. "I know, buddy. You did the right thing. I'm sorry for saying you didn't deserve your uniform."

While Diego understood brothership between comrades, he still couldn't excuse what the man had done to Taylor in a moment of fear. Perhaps Jayson didn't know yet, but the man's actions couldn't be forgiven. Still, now wasn't the time to open that can of worms.

For now, he kept Taylor with Monica in the supply building, arming them with a gun in case Jeannie turned. The less Ackerman thought about them, the better.

After an hour of piling bodies into a pile, setting them on fire, and showering again, Diego checked his watch. The helicopters would arrive within the hour.

He turned to Jayson and Ackerman while watching the blaze light up the black sky, mixing with the fire in the distance. "So what happened?"

Ackerman watched him with a grim expression before facing him again, folding his arms over his chest. "We received another convoy after you arrived. One of the survivors turned halfway through the inspection, catching the soldiers off guard."



"Maldición. We could have gotten everyone out of here alive if they'd waited longer."

"I know," Ackerman conceded in a somber tone. "Either they lied or they were exposed through a cut. Now you understand why I did what I did."

"It doesn't make it okay," Diego grunted, throwing his hands in the air. There was no way he was going to let this man justify himself, no matter what the circumstances were. "I get that you're afraid, but you had no right to harm anyone in our group. If we stop fighting for each other, then we've already lost our humanity. Is this what you did overseas? Did you hurt civilians too just because they weren't American ?"

American Jayson stepped between them, pressing a hand against each man's chest to defuse the situation. "Look, we all did things overseas we aren't proud of. You don't know what it's like to try to survive when you don't even know who your true enemy is ."

is Diego inhaled a sharp breath through his nose, doing everything he could not to hit Jayson for being that ignorant. "Do you really think I don't know what it's like to kill a fifteen-year-old child? Does a boy deserve to die because he's just trying to get by and run from me just because of the uniform I wear? Maybe you can justify the people you kill when you come home, but I see that kid's face every time I go to sleep. I think about the night I told his mother I took her child away for pulling a gun on me because someone put it in his hands along with his coke. The only difference is that I don't get to lock it away somewhere in the back of my mind—I deal with it, but I don't rationalize it."

that deal "Do you really think I don't sit with those deaths on my conscience?" Jayson asked quietly. "I see Specialist Hart every single night when I go to sleep, knowing that she should have lived instead of me. My best friend had night terrors from killing a suicide bomber. We don't just lock it away somewhere, but we do what we have to. As a law enforcement officer, understand that better than anyone here."

Whatever. He would not argue with a man who didn't understand what it was like to live underprivileged. Maybe he saw some shit, but that was one year compared to a lifetime of living disadvantaged. In Taylor's case, they had attacked him for being injured. They had threatened Jeannie before they could determine if she'd turn.

Diego had been skeptical too, but he'd been willing to go along with the group's plan as long as their decisions didn't involve outright murder and brutality. Finally, he said, "Taylor didn't deserve to be treated like a diseased patient. Your buddy here ripped out two stitches and nearly displaced his arm."

Jayson whipped his head around to Ackerman. "What the fuck? He's harmless!"

"We don't know that. Look at what just happened! Can you really trust anyone at this point?"

Jayson remained silent, though Diego could tell it didn't sit well with him to know his closest friend had been so thoroughly abused. Instead of fighting, Diego strode to the supply building where the someone had propped the door open at the side. He stepped inside a darkened building, following the dim flashlight around the corner ahead until he found Taylor and Monica beside the cage where Jeannie whimpered in her sleep.

He sank on to the ground between Taylor and Monica, where they both leaned against him in exhaustion. "How's she doing?"

"It's hard to say," Monica answered. "She's in so much pain, but she doesn't have any signs of infection."

She curled against him, whether out of instinct or because of her state of mind, it was difficult to say. They sat in silence as Taylor wrapped his good arm around his waist. "I just hope it's over," he yawned. "It's only been a day and everything is gone. Can we really survive if my dad doesn't make it?"

Realistically? No. They'd need fertile land with rain to grow food. Clean water would run out, and eventually, they'd be forced to scavenge for supplies. Given the events of the day, they'd be lucky if they survived a week. Eventually, they'd have to traverse the city to find something else.

He kept his thoughts to himself though, deciding instead to hold on to what little hope they had left. ,"We'll pull through. You'll see. Do you want me to check on her?"

Monica shook her head. "Without surgery, there isn't much we can do. She needs a hospital, otherwise she'll probably die, anyway. I just hate seeing her like this."

He drew them both in closer and reassured them again. "Hey, we will make it. You'll see."

"I hope you're right," Monica whispered.

Her breathing slowly evened out until she was asleep, leaving only him and Taylor in silence. Diego could tell he wasn't asleep, even though he remained quiet. Curious, he asked, "What are you thinking about?"

Taylor sighed and planted a kiss against Diego's temple. With a hum and a smile in his voice, he said, "Mmm, us, I guess. If we make it to this facility, I'm kind of hoping..." he laughed and shrugged against Diego's side. "I know tonight didn't mean anything, but..."

Diego turned and lifted Taylor's chin up to face him. His eyes were deep blue, even in the dim light. They reminded him of clear water on a sunny day. Diego met him in a kiss, slowly tracing his bottom lip and tugging at it with his teeth. When Taylor gasped, Diego slipped his hand between his partner's legs, eliciting a high-pitched groan. "Now that I have your attention, leoncito, you should know that with or without a rescue, I have every intention of being with you. I don't sleep with just anyone, you know."

Taylor averted his eyes and tucked his chin into his chest. The poor kid was so nervous, but something about him was special and worth protecting. With him, there was no pretense, and if Diego wasn't careful, he'd be in love with him by the end of the week. The thought of anyone hurting him brought out a fierce desire to burn the world down for his sake. Even now, Diego would probably do it if it meant seeing Taylor smile or seeing the sunshine in his eyes.

The thought was scary, but being with Taylor made it more bearable. Diego would find no one better.

They sat until the sun rose through the open cargo bay door, bathing them in the first rays of a new morning with endless possibilities. Birds chirped as if the group didn't just survive a night of terror and blade whirred in the warm, late summer air.

Wait. Were those...helicopter blades? Diego forced his eyes to open and scrambled to his feet, walking Monica with a groan. "Do you guys hear that?"

Taylor clambered to his feet, and Monica followed them into the asphalt parking lot. Above them were two helicopters, just as Mr Whittaker had promised. Taylor whooped and laughed, waving his good arm above his head. "HEY! DOWN HERE!"

They fell upon each other in a group hug, laughing and crying when the air lifts descended toward them. Diego pulled Taylor into a deep kiss before clasping their hands together. Taylor's eyes lit up with hope as Diego said, "Let's go to that facility. Then we can discover what's next together."

Taylor leaned into him as Monica continued to hold them close. They walked arm in arm across the parking lot toward the principal building, ready to leave the city behind for safety.

John Whittaker had pulled through, after all.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Thirty-Three


Jayson

Jayson When the world had ended the day before, Jayson had just about given up hope for rescue. Just the thought of a bunker where humanity could survive the apocalypse was a concept that went against all the rules. People foraged, formed little communities, and fought to survive.

This was too good to be true, yet two helicopters had touched down right in front of him. Two soldiers departed from each chopper, dressed in combat uniforms and carrying rifles as they assessed the ragtag group that had assembled in the parking lot.

One of the Captains broke away from the group and approached Jayson and Sergeant Ackerman, looking back and forth between the pair. His name tape read Carson. His face still held the youth of a man fresh out of school with a rounded face and eyes that had never seen combat. Jayson couldn't help but resent him for it. "Which one of you is in charge?"

Jayson and Ackerman saluted before sharing a glance. The Sergeant shrugged. "I suppose you have the higher rank, Staff Sergeant."

Damn. No one had called him by his rank in over six years. Jayson turned back to the Captain, standing at attention, and said, "My name is Staff Sergeant Recklaw, Sir. I suppose I've been nominated for the job now that our previous Sergeant is dead."

The man was all stoicism and fresh, showing no emotion. Had he been in their shoes, he'd have pissed his pants. "I'm sorry to hear that. Is everyone ready to go? We have orders to leave as soon as possible, where we will then take you to a government facility. You'll all be safe there while you undergo quarantine and testing. After that, you will be assimilated into the community where you will all be expected to contribute."

Jayson nodded. The words registered and made sense, but he would have at least liked to see a shred of compassion. This man acted as if the world hadn't fallen apart and millions of people hadn't just died in a mass pandemic. He kept his voice emotionless as he responded. "Yes, sir. We have a few injured, but we can be ready to leave within twenty minutes. Everything we need to bring is already here in the parking lot."

Captain Carson's eyes narrowed. "I'm glad to see you have integrity enough to be upfront, Sergeant. That isn't a safe statement to make in these times."

It took every ounce of Jayson's self-discipline not to roll his eyes or cross his arms over his chest. He might not have been in the military any longer, but he was still a soldier at heart. He kept his expression neutral and nodded curtly. "I don't leave comrades behind, sir."

"Of course. However, if anyone is infected, you realize what needs to be done."

It wasn't a question—it was a cold warning that the government would kill anyone who posed a threat to humanity. Still, it was the best Jayson could work with. "I guess we'll find out, Sir. We will take the necessary precautions, but until any of the survivors turn, I will treat them like the humans they are."

"The facility will determine their status when we arrive, Sergeant." He glanced at the people huddled behind them and frowned. "I was told there were more people. Where is everyone?"

Crap. Why did the outbreak have to happen right before their rescue came? He released a heavy breath. "We were attacked last night, leaving only eleven survivors. Two are injured—Taylor Whittaker suffered a broken arm yesterday afternoon in a fall while Jeannie—Doctor Adams crushed her arm in a car accident."

Ackerman looked straight ahead, not giving anything away, though Jayson could feel his hesitation to go along with the lie. If these people had even the remotest suspicion any of them were infected, no one would rescue the group. Seeming to understand what was at stake, he remained silent.



"Very well," Captain Carson said. "Have everyone collect their belongings and we will leave within the next half hour. Dismissed."

Jayson saluted once more and stepped away, walking toward the group as the other soldiers followed behind to assist with the supplies. Ackerman fell in step beside him and whispered, "That was risky, Recklaw. You know they'll figure it out."

"What would you have me do?" Jayson asked without stopping to face him. "I'd rather give Jeannie a shot instead of condemning her to death. She has shown no signs of infection, and the convoy last night already proved anyone can be affected. Besides, we still need a doctor, even in that facility. I have a feeling safety is only an illusion. Eventually, we have to face this crisis. I only hope we're ready when that day comes."

Ackerman sighed, but let it drop. "You're right. Let's just pray for the best and get the hell out of here."

For once, they could agree on something. When they reached the group, they stopped so Jayson could address them. The Air Force soldiers had already gathered the food and water, leaving everyone else to carry their personal effects. The survivors stood up and watched them, waiting for instruction. Many of them looked tired and ragged, as if no one had slept in days. They also seemed hopeful and prepared to follow them into the pits of Hell if it meant getting to safety.

Jayson cut straight to the point. "Alright everyone! We have two helicopters taking us to a government facility in Nevada. Do not argue with any instructions they give you. As long as we cooperate, we have nothing to fear. Take only what you can carry and board the helicopter."

No one contested him as they picked up their bags and trudged forward. Diego already had Jeannie in his arms with a heavy backpack weighing his shoulders down as Monica struggled to carry so many bags. Taylor slung one over his good shoulder while cradling his left arm against his chest in a new sling. "Do you think we'll be okay?" he asked.

"You tell me. Whittaker is your father, not mine. You're the one who grew up with him." Jayson didn't mean for his words to come off so harsh, but this never would have happened if Taylor's father could have just arrived sooner instead of arguing.

Then again, maybe they were screwed from the start. Perhaps they never stood a chance against the apocalypse. Would haves, could haves, and should haves had no place in the new world.

He didn't wait for a response as he hefted a set of weapons and took one of Monica's bags. Ackerman did the same while guiding Diego forward. Taylor followed without a word, casting his eyes away.

Jayson found himself alone with Monica, who smiled and stood on her toes to kiss him. "It'll be okay. You've done everything you can to get us this far. I trust you."

"I'm glad someone does," he sighed. "I don't know what is waiting in Nevada, but I hope we aren't making a mistake." He couldn't help the bad feeling in the pit of his stomach. Something didn't sit right about government facilities being prepared for this scenario at just the right time. Unfortunately, he wouldn't know what awaited them until they arrived.

Monica looped her arm through his and leaned into him as they walked toward the helicopters. People were already boarding as the soldiers brought everything on board and shouted directions for the survivors to follow. "It's better than waiting to die. Besides, I think I can do more good in a lab while I try to discover a cure than I would in the middle of a desert with no equipment. Aren't you the one who believes in hope and fighting against the odds?"

He smiled, remembering his conversation with Jeannie just yesterday about unbeatable odds. It already felt as though a lifetime had passed. "You're right. All we can do is keep fighting for a better future."

"As long as that future has you in it, that's good enough for me," she hummed.

He couldn't agree more. If they got through this, he was going to marry her when this was all over.

They walked the rest of the way to the helicopter in silence, preparing to depart for the unknown. Whatever happened, whether they found a cure or died, they would do everything together.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Epilogue


John

John Ten years.

An entire decade wasted and gone over a disagreement that had been entirely his fault. Allison was gone, leaving a gaping hole in his heart and tears in his eyes every time he thought about everything he'd loved and lost. Taylor was all he had left.

John Whittaker paced outside the surgical unit, running his fingers repeatedly through his hair. How long had it been now since the helicopters had come in and rushed Taylor into surgery? They hadn't even allowed him to see his son for safety reasons. Taylor could die, either from infection or the virus—it didn't matter. If anything happened to him, someone would pay.

Ten years.

All this time and for what? Because he didn't approve of his son's lifestyle? They'd been close once. Taylor had looked up to him, full of smiles and admiration for his biggest hero, until John had let him down. There were no reparations for his cruelty—nothing could ever erase the betrayal and pain in his only child's eyes when John had turned him away, foolishly believing Taylor would see reason.

God, he hoped Taylor was safe. Even more, he prayed for his son's forgiveness. He didn't deserve it, not even a little bit, but for the first time, he wanted Taylor's approval.

Only time would tell now.

Seconds became minutes. Minutes became hours. Everything and everyone needed his approval and opinion, but nothing mattered until he knew his little boy was safe. His friends had done everything they could for him, and John hated himself for knowing the truth—Taylor wasn't cut out for such a harsh world. Even as a boy, Taylor had such an enormous heart. He was so much like Allison—he cared too much and was so easily hurt.

Being harsh had been one of so many mistakes.

John's work didn't matter. He only sent everyone away to find someone else. Taylor's friends and the survivors didn't matter. The scientists and doctors would make sure they were tended to. The only thing that mattered was Taylor's safety.

Nothing else.

John sat. He stood. He paced. Then he sat down again and repeated the process. Hew didn't eat, drink, or socialize. He only waited.

Finally, a doctor in surgical scrubs approached him, holding a laptop beneath his hand. His mask hung loosely around his neck and stubble covered his jaw. His eyes, the window to the soul and the truth, weren't full of sorrow.

John's heart lightened at the sight.

"My son?"

The man smiled, shaking John's hand. "Taylor made it through and is resting peacefully now. We had to place pins in his elbow and the recovery won't be easy, but according to his lab results, he's clean."

John sank into the nearest chair with a sigh. Taylor was alive. He could make things right again with his little boy. "When can I see him?"

"Now, I suppose. I've placed him under heavy sedation, and he won't be awake for at least another hour.If he'd arrived any later, we would have had to amputate the limb. He was already showing early signs of infection. Whoever patched him up definitely knew what they were doing. I think they saved his life."

Right. The doctor that came in with her own arm cut off. He vaguely remembered something about a doctor going into surgery with Taylor. "The little blonde. What happened to her?"

It was imperative to know who came into the facility. He wasn't up to date on the details—he hadn't really paid attention to anything as he worried about Taylor's safety. He supposed now was a good time to ask since she had most likely saved his life.

The doctor sat on the chair beside John and opened his laptop, clicking away on the keyboard. After a moment, his eyebrows f furrowed and he frowned. "Her results are inconclusive. More tests are being ordered as we determine a diagnosis."

John looked up, momentarily distracted from thoughts of his son. "You think she's infected?"

The man shook his head and sighed, still watching the screen. "Maybe."

"What do you mean, maybe?"

"She is definitely a carrier, but... her vitals are stable. She is showing no symptoms of the virus, and it's as if her body is fighting it. We can't tell for sure yet, but we're taking proper precautions in the event she does. Either way, we can learn a lot from her."

"So you're suggesting we experiment on her?"

"Call it what you want, Mr Whittaker. She's the first specimen we've had since the outbreak. The survivors told us another story, but the blood samples don't lie. She genuinely has the virus, even if she's asymptomatic."

Bloody hell. Doctor Adams was Taylor's friend, a fact John only knew because he'd kept tabs on his son over the last decade. He pursed his lips together and sighed, afraid of the answer he was about to ask for. "Jeanine Adams, right?"

"That's right," the doctor said with a bemused expression.

"She's his friend. My son doesn't take change well. What should I tell him?"

The doctor shrugged. "I'm not part of the council, sir. My orders are to keep this confidential. Your best bet is to tell him she died from complications. It isn't uncommon and he can grieve properly."

What had this world come to? They were experimenting on people now and hiding it? Even worse, John had no choice but to support it if humanity was going to survive. As much as he hated it, Jeanine was collateral damage of something so much bigger than everyone else. When the truth came out, she'd be a hero.

The weight of the world was heavy on a single man's shoulders. If Taylor found out, he never forgive him.

John drew a heavy breath and held it for ten seconds before releasing it. When had life become so complicated?

Finally, he said, "Okay. No one knows. Now take me to my son."




